A

COLLECTION

OF THE

local and personal acts,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-third Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD:

Being the FIRST SESSION of the SECOND PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

1803.

A

TABLE

Of

All the STATUTES passed in the FIRST Session of the SECOND Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

430 GEO. III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

LAN Act for further suspending, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Operation of Two Acts, made in the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England. 3

II. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of

Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein. 5

III. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon

Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 9

IV. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions,

Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed-, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 37

V. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 57

VI. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within

A % the

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the I'wenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or having been damped, have been lod or mif-laid, and for allowing them, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three, to provide Admissions duly damped; and to permit i'uch Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file ,lbe fame on or before the Fird Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and three. 61

VII. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An /let to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Transpost Bills that shall be issued in future. . 69

VIII. An Act for reviving and continuing for Five Years from the passing

thereof, and from thence to the End of the' then next Session of Parliament, certain Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin; and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them. 73

IX. An Act to rectify a Midake in an Act, made in the Forty-feeond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed du ivg the 'Time such Militia shall not be embodied, relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers. 77

X. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Lews relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, as relates to the Exemption of licensed Teachers of any separate Congregation from serving in the Militia. 81

XL An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four. 85

XII. An Act to continue, until the Fird Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; to the Relief of Captors of Prizes, with resped to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta. 89

XIII. An Act to continue, until the Fird Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, made in the Forty-fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and for

permitting

[Public General) 43" GEO. III.

permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty. 93

XIV. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of Ilia present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at 'which Grain, Meal, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and for permitting, from and after the puffing thereof, until the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland. 97

XV. An Act to facilitate, and render more easy, the Transportation of Offenders. 101

XVI. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any

Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the Business of Prize Agency; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better conducting and managing the Business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future. 105

XVII. An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof, 113

XVIII. An Act to amend and continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks

after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Calli by the Bank. 117

XIX. An Act to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain lor Twenty-eight Days. 121

XX. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 125

XXI. An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned,

to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland. 169

XXII. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to

Persons felling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail, in Ireland. 229

XXIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates

with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland. 245

XXIV. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to His Majesty in Ireland. 233

XXV. An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any Place in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers

B employed

A TABLE of the STATUTES

employed in the Collodion or Management of His Majesty's Rerenues in

Ireland from giving their Votes at such Elections. 257

XXVI. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and lix; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, as directs the annual Payment of Thirteen thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act. 261

XXVII. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces

while on Shore. 265

XXVIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon

Letters and Packtts sent by the Poll within Ireland. 289

XXIX. An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to continue several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, to the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty with America, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in the preserving of Fish, in Bulk or in Barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manu'aftures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six; to the importing Salt from Eurofe into the Province of Sdsebec, in America, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo, to the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of infection thereby, to the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, to the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America, to the 1 wenty-foutth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 301

XXX. An

(Public General) 43° GEO. III.

XXX. An Act to entitle Roman Catholicks taking and subscribing the Declaration and Oath contained in the Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons prof effing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, to the Benefits given by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for relieving His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, ‘An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery'. 309

XXXI. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes. 313

XXXII. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fi-

ffiery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season. 317

XXXIII. An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the present Sef-

fion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. 321

XXXIV. An Act to continue, until the Eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the Forty-iecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, until the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, paftfed in the last Session of Parliament, ‘ for flaying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute

of King Henry the Eighth, " for abridging Spiritual Persons from having " Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Fermsand also to Jlay Proceed-

ings in Actions under the Act of the Thirteenth Tear of Ssfueen Elizabeth,

touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with

‘ Cure.’ 325

XXXV. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees,

for further promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance at Wool-wich. 329

XXXVI. An Act for raising the Sum of Four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year O.ie thousand eight hundred and three. 337

XiivII. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir James Saumarez Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of his eminent Services which he has performed on various Occasions. 341

XXXVIII. An Act to provide, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, for the more speedy and effectual Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein. 345

XXXIX. An Act for appointing Commissioners for distributing the Money stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention

A TABLE of the STATUTES

tion made between His Majesty and the said United States, among the Per-fuBs having Claims to Compensation out of such Money. 349

XL. An Act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Blands of Grenada and Saint Vincent. 357

XLT. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 365

XLIL An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported j for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused. 369

XLIIL An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of His Majtlly’s Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein. 373

XLIV. An Act to amend and continue (untilThree Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Rank of England from issuing Cash in Payments ffrnll ce.d'e), an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calb by the Bank of Ireland. 377

XLV. An Act for the more effectually preserving the Peace, and securing the Freedom of Election, in the Town of Nottingham, and County of the said Town. 381

XLVI. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits; and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain Cases. 385

XLVII. An Act for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England, when called out into actual Service. 389

XLVIII. An Act to enable the East India Company to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps raised by the said Company. 401

XLIX.An Act to amend so much of several Acts,passed in the Sixth and Seventh Year, and in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, as relates to the Exportation of Silver Bullion. 405

L. An Act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under Two Acts, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for amending the said Acts. 409

LI. An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax. 417

LII. An

{Public General) 430 GEO. III.

LII. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned In iffuing or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council for the Prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the Per-million of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway. 421

LIII. An Act to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in Personal Actions, in Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland i t the Twenty-firit and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City and County of Dublin; and for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer more effectual, as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions. 42 5

LIV. An Act for making better Provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the better Government of the Parish Schools in Scotland. 433

LV. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose. 441

LVI. An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers. 453

LVII. An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Huftilities with France. 465

LVni. An Act for the further Prevention of malicious shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Arms, {tabbing, cutting, wounding, poisoning, and the malicious using of Means to procure the Miscarriage of Women; and also the malicious setting Fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act, made in England in the Twenty-first Year of the late King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and also an Act made in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled, An Act to prevent the defraying and murthering of Bafard Children; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. 473

LIX. An Act; for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England. 477

LX. An Act for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills. 481

LXL An Act for the Relief of Soldiers, Sailors, and Marines, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the Cases therein mentioned, so far as relates to England. 485

LXII. An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain. 489

LXIII. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner

C in

A TABLE of the STATUTES

in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service; to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six.

497

LXIV. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present Hostilities. 501

LXV. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments, at Charlton, in the County of Kent, for further promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance. 505

LXVI. An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Lands and Hereditaments at kPeedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance. 513

LXVII. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.

525

LXVIII. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 537

LXIX. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 669

LXX. An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation anH Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain. 709

LXXI. An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia within Great Britain. 725

LXXII. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 729

LXXIII. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the belter Collection of the said Duties.

737

LXXIV. An Act for further regulating the Administration of the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Electors of Members to lerve in Parliament, by an Act, passed in the Second Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. 745

LXXV. An Act to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatick by Inquisition, in England or Ireland respectively; and the granting of Leases of the fame. 749

LXXVI. An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now l'erving in the Militia of Ireland. 753

LXXVII. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law. 761

8

LXXVIII. An

(Public General) 430 GEO. III.

LXXVIII. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and also an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland. 765

LXXIX. An Act for making more effectual Provision within Ireland for the Punishment of Offences, in wilfully calling away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies. 769

LXXX. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland, to charge their Estates with a Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. 773

LXXXI. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain. 785

LXXXII. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. 801

LXXXIII. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force in Scotland, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. 821

LXXXIV. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms j and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, in England. 837

LXXXV. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. 857

LXXXVI. An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artifi-

cers, Journeymen, and Labourers, in Ireland-, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 877

LXXXVII. An Act to continue, during the Restriction on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to refrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said Act. 889

LXXXVIII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service; to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six.

497

LXIV. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present Hostilities. 501

LXV. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments, at Charlton, in the County of Kent, for further promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance. . 505

LXVI. An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Lands and Hereditaments at Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, forerefting Buildings thereon for the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance. 513

LXVII. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.

525

LXVIII. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 537

LXIX. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 669

LXX. An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation an4 Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain. 709

LXXI. An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia within Great Britain. 725

LXXII. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 729

LXXIII. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the 'Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties.

737

LXXIV. An Act for further regulating the Administration of the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Electors of Members to serve in Parliament, by an Act, passed in the Second Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament. 745

LXXV. An Act to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatick by Inquisition, in England or Ireland respectively; and the granting of Leaies of the fame. 749

LXXVI. An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now feiving in the Militia of Ireland. 753

LXXVII. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law. 761

LXXVIII. An

{Public General) 430 GEO. III.

LXXVIII. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meat, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and also an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland. 765

LXXIX. An Act for making more effectual Provision within Ireland for the Punishment of Offences, in wilfully carting away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies. 769

LXXX. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland-, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland, to charge their EHates with a Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. 773

LXXXI. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain. 785

LXXXII. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. 801

LXXXIII. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force in Scotland, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. 821

LXXXIV. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, in England. 837

LXXXV. An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. ' ' 857

LXXXVI. An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers, in Ireland; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 877

LXXXVII. An Act to continue, during the Restriction on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to refrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum -, and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said Act. 889

LXXXVIII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LXXXVIII. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

893

LXXXIX. An Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service. 909

XC. An Act for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Fishery. 917

XCI. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 921

XCII. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Ireland and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt diddled and made in Ireland. 953

XCIII. An Act for raffing the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 969

XCIV. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Brition for the Y'ear One thousand eight hundred and three.

973

XCV. An Act to revive and further continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session-of Parliament. 985

XCVI. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more ejfcfhta ly to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may fujfer in their Property by such Measures as may be necssary for that Purpose; and to enable His Majesty more effectually and ipeedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted P erogative, in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm. 989

XCVII An Act to amend several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations relating thereto. 1021

XCVIII. An Act to amend the Acts, now in force, for securing the Collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller in Ireland. 1037

XC.IX. An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same. 1049

C. An

(Public General) 43° GEO. III.

C. An Act to render more effectual Two Acts, made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and for raising an additional Military Force for the better Defence of the United Kingdom. io8t

Cl. An Act for raising in the City of London, a certain Number of Men as an Addition to the Military Force of Great Britain, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War. rc. 85

C1I. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the bxpence of making an Inland Navigation from the Haltern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary Steps towards executing the fame. 1C97

CIII. An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without Payment of Duties, under certain Reductions, for a limited Time. x 117

CIV. An Act to rectify a Mi (lake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by Way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to th,e ljlands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

1125

CV. An Act to permit the Exportation, for Two Years, of a certain Quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the I (lands of Guernfy, ferfey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions. 1129

CVI. An Act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interest free), to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the Purpose of enabling them to erect or purchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their Residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the Erection of such Houses and Offices; and to make Provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners. 1133

CVII. An Act for effectuating certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the making more effectual Her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling Her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the fame Purpose, so far as the fame relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers of the said Governors. 1141

CVIII. An Act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes. 1x45

CIX. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons' holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on D their

A TABLE of the STATUTES

their Benefices in England; and to remove a Doubt respecting the Title of the Statute of the Twenty-firit Year of King Henry the Eighth therein mentioned. 1149

CX. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Tiaenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House. 1153

CXI. An Act for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to be established under an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules. 1157

CXII. An Act for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton. 1161

CXISI. An Act for the more effectually providing for the Punishment of Offences in wilfully calling away, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders and to Manslaughters. 1*65

CXIV. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 1173

CXV. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the Second, and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats, upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the Seizure of Exciseable Commodities. 1 *77

CXVI. An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall fuspect for conspiring again!! His Majesty's Person and Government, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. 1181

CXVII. An Act for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to continue in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. 1185

CXVIII. An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Dif-coveties and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution. 1189

CXIX. An

{Public General) 430 GEO. III.

CXIX. An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital; and for ameliorating the Condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds. 1197

CXX An Act to amend an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act to enable His Majesty more ‘ effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the

present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property

‘ by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purposeand to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise His ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm. 1209

CXXI. An Act for authorizing the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive confiant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle Men serving the rein, and receiving Pay at any Daily or Weekly Rate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps. 1217

CXXIL An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

1229

CXXIII. An Act for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Parliament, from being ballotced to serve in the Militia of England. 1345

CXXIV. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for railing an additional Military Force in Scotland; and for exempting Persons serving the rein, either personally or by Substitute, from being ballotted to serve in the Militia of Scotland. 1349

CXXV. An Act to empower His Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into Execution, within the said City, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the De-

fence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying

Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purposeand to enable His Majesty more effectually and spee-

dily to exercise His ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm. 1353

CXXVI. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Receipts.

*357

CXXVII. An Act for consolidating the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain. 1365

CXXVIII. An Act for the further Regulation of the Collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain in certain Cases. 1369

CXXIX. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

CXXIX. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the Removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts out of Warehouse, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee. *373

CXXX. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament for better collecting the Duties on Auctioneers. >377

C.XXXI. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quafiia imported into Great Britain. 13 81

CXXXII. An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty. *385

CXXXIII. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of Tortola; and to continue, until the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets into Great Britain. 1409

CXXXIV. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain, during Hostilities. 1413

CXXXV. An Act for the removing of Doubts respecting the Validity of Assignments made or to be made pursuant to the Awards of the Commissioners acting under the Seventh Article of the Treaty with the United States of America; and for the better enabling of Elis Majesty to recover the Interests so assigned. 142 r

CXXXVI. An Act to suspend, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the lame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture. 1425

CXXXVII. An Act to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships, in the Service of the said Company, on Account of the extraordinary Expence attending the Outfit of the said Ships, between certain Periods. 1429

CXXXVIII. An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Louuer and Upper Canada, to the Trial and Punishment of Persons guilty of Crimes and Offences within certain Parts of North America adjoining to the said Provinces. 1433

CXXXIX. An Act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of Foreign Bills of Exchange, and of Foreign Promissory Notes and Orders for the Payment of Money; and for preventing the counterfeiting of Foreign Copper Money. 1457

CXL. An

(Public General) 43° GEO. III.

tXL. An Act to enable the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned. 1445

CXLI. An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Duty. 1449

C.XLII. An Act to make Provision, in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland. J453

CXLIII. An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace, and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to the Warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors respectively. 1461

CXLIV. An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England. 1465

CXLV. An Act for more effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg in Scotland.

1477

CXLVI. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Su/n of Two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned. 1485

CXLVII. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by I.oans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three. 1489

CXLVIII. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids of Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

1493

CXLIX. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Sixteen thousand Pounds on the House of Orange, during His Majesty's Pleasure.

*497

CL. An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and for amending the said Acts, so far as the fame relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. 1501

CLI. An Act for preventing and settling Disputes which may arise between Matters and Weavers engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and Persons employed by such Weavers and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle. 1529

CLII. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing His Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the Lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the He of Thanet, as relates to the said Pilots. 1541

E CLIII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

CLIII. An Act to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilitiet, and until Siff Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation, in nefitral Vessels, from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

*545

CLIV. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland; and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, during the Continuance of certain Acts; and for allowing, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, a Bounty on the Importation of Salmon and Cod Fifti from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, into Great Britain and Ireland. 1553

CLV. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and for establishing, until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing the rein, in certain Cases. 1561

CLVI. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines. 1581

CLVII, An Act to make perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures. 1585

CLVIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, for building Glebe Houses in Ireland. 1589

CLIX. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord Amherst, and the Representatives of the late Jeffery Lord Amherji, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him during his Command in America. 1595

CLX. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually Manning His Majesty's Navy; for regulating the Payment of Prize Money, and for making Provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands. 1597

CLXI. An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excil'e on Licences, and on Carriages con-Itrufted by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also

{Public General) 43° GEO. III.

also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission. 1633

CLXII. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. I7°S

yrui-'--'-;. tufiiv. :<' J: r" a, " ’ ' . V

-1 , np ;, i*/ '<

LII,.}!

jV'ilA goiJ 'St.

U i

InsU-orij til# a*: W-M

\ 4* " 'If*

rrti^ ni t>ioJ 0-^.’V

, :i to ju .! . ' 1 t.-’dir

;si (staofiitiD ad* to

- " ' -> II{ ’

- rt jjtffeJsi' *i/ oA

-; iqajj 11 <$.'

mantins >j ' . i i.

wttV.

-1 stfi ": r -,tA .*' ‘

ritiPKli n» " '

; vjUi-... vA »'oi I otu '.o

LOCAL

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

S. AN Act for continuing the Term, and altering apd enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Read from Spann Smithy in the County of Chester, to Talk in the County of Stafford. 3

2. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from Thirsk to Tarm, in the County of York. 9

3. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of

an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Beffes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Beffes of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Preflwich, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; so far as the lame relates to a certain Districe of Road therein described, called The Manchester Dislrid. 41

4. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, severally passed in the First and

Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Mel-eombe Regis, and Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell to the Church in the Parish of Ofmington, all in the County of Dorset. 53

5. An Act to continue and enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three Acts,

made in the Sixteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, to Catberick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the River Tees. 61

6. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford called Gaol Gate, and from a certain Gate on the South Side of the said Borough called Green Gate, through the Towns of Dunffon and Pcnkridge, to a Road called Streetway, in the Road to IVoivcrharnpton, in the said County of Stafford. 69

7. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatkerly Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) |* GEO. III.

of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Small-ways, across the River Tees, to ll inf on, in the said County of Durham. 77

8. An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of The Grand

jui.ciion Carol, to raise a further Sum of Money to enable them to complete the Wotks authorized to be exrcu'.ed in pur'ua >ce of the several Acts passed in the Thirty third, Thirty fourth. Thirty-filth, Thirty-sixth, Thirty-eighth, and Forty full Years of the Re'gr. of His present Majely; and for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers and Pi vV.fi., us of the said Acts. 85

9. An Act for rebuilding the Tower of the Pa-'lh Church of Saint Peter, in

the Borough and Liberty ot Saint Athan, in the County of He tfo d, tog. ther with the Chancel thereof; and for more tfftftually repairing the la i Parish Church. 93

jo An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving Kenft gim Square, and Toung Street, and James Street communicating the rewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbctts, Kensington, in the County of Muidlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein. 109

11. An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of tbs present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for forming and keeping in Repair, the Streets, and other publick Paf-Jages and Places, within a certain District in the Parish of S ,int Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same. 125

12. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, made

in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals. 137

13. An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road lead*

ing from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose koad near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to The King's Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent. 143

14. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the West Side of Lord Clifford’s Park Gate to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the Line of certain Parts of the said Roads, and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from the Termination of one of the Lid Road-, at or near the Bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of Totnes, to a Place called Lufcombe Cross, in the Parish of Harberton, in the said County of Devon. 177

15. An Act. to ena' le the Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of The

Lairy near Plymouth, to make and maintain a Road from a certain Place called Effard Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, iu-the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth. 189

F

16. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

i6> An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, made in the Seventh, Thirty-first, and Thirty-fifth Years or the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Ktnfington, in the Count of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the Road to Colnbrook, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as relates to the old District of Road described in the First of the said Acts. 221

17. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty fiift Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road from Saint George’s Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place coded Gutteiidge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parsh of Barham, in the County of Kent; and for making further and better Provision for the several Purposes of the said Act. 229

18. An Act for amending, widening, repairing, and improving the Road from

or near to the Village of Glossop, in the County of Der/n to or near to Marple Bridge, in the said County; and for making several Branches of Roads to and from the same. " 261

19. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, and parting through or near Thornydike, Westuther, Hard law, Bedjhiell or the Kaim, and Choice lee, to where it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw, to Dunfe, all in the County of Berwick. 301

20. An Act to provide a new Burial Ground, and erect a Chapel fhere. n» for the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

32S

it. An Act for abolishirg certain Dues called Petty Customs, Anchorage, ai d Groundage, and for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton; for making a convenient Dock for the Security of1 Ships; for ex ending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there; and for erecting Warehouses for the safe Custody of Goods and Merchandize} and for imposing certain Duties for the above Purposes. 341

22. An Act for altering and amending the several Laws now in force, for enabling The Royal Canal Company to complete a Navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon. 377

23. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the

Roads from the East F.nd of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Tecvil Turnpike Road through //-minster to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to Ilminster, and from White Croft to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Old Way, and from The Cross Keys to Catharine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Somerset. 389

24. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Tenth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefieldin the Co'unty of York. 425

25. An

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 43* GEO. III.

25. An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year < f

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, uij tiingt and repairing publick Roads in the County of Dublin; aid for repeal, tig Parts of several jjfts formerly made for that Purpose. 433

26. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two fevetal Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-third Years of the Rign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to omerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Hurst Bow in Martock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow called Pe-ther on Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from llminfer to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through Part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen-, all in the said County of Somerset. 441

27. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-first Year <3f the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in tire County of Devon.

4 53

28. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads from Tamworth to Afbby~de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry, now Harrington Bridge, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End ot Siva cliffe Lane to Ashby~de-la-Zouch aforesaid. 461.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Common-

able Lands, and Walle Grounds, within the Parish of Garrifl^wn, in the County of Dublin. 473

30. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two several Acts, the One made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the High Road leading from the Fourteenth Milefl. ne, in the Parish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery to Llvdad y Gwyn, in the Parish of Llandiiovawr, and from thence by Cled-fulch and over Duless Bridge to the Town of Llandiiovawr, and from the said Town dong the Pof: Road by R hiwyradar, through the County of the Borough of Carmarthen and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavernl'pi c in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; the other made and passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for cominuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, and fir repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair several other Roads within the Lid County; for discharging the Trustees from the Care and Management of certain Parts of the said Roads; and for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County. 497

, 31. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

31. An Act for making, amending, altering, widemng, improving, and

keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North or North-West: End of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of Con-will El'.et, in the Parish of Conwill Ehet, and through the Village of Ve-lindre Shinkin in the Parish of Penboir, to the 1 own of Newcastle Emlyti in the Parish of Cenarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen. 505

32. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twen-

tieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Publick Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton. 533

33. An Act for enabling the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl and his Heirs to build a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near to the Town of Dunkeld in the County of Perth', and make Roads of Communication thereunto.

357

34. An Act for enlarging and altering the Powers of, and render'ng more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty, and of the Fourth, Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth. 'Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty s Reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh.

569

35. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or from near a 1 Tee

called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to or neir to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, with a Collateral Branch from the said Railway, at or near a Place called Merjlbam. in the Parish of Mer/lbam, to or near to a Place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey. 593

36. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the

Fourteenth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow to Taker Bridge, and the Road of Communication between the Line and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde. 649

37. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the

Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday and Beall Markets within more convenient Parts of the said Borough. 657

3S. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Port of Porthdinllaen, in the County of Caernarvon, to or near a Place called Caenant, in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Graig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of Llanyjlymdwy, and from a Place called Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, to or near to Capel Cerrig, in the said County of Caernarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River Aberglafyn in the said Counties.

709

39. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of 'Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South End of Sparrow’s 11 Herne,

(Local & P erf ana I, to be judicially noticed) 430 GEO. III.

Herne, on Bushey Heath, in the County of Hertford, to the Road at Walton, in the County of Buckingham. 749

40. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable

Charles Earl of Shrectsbury, in the Counties of Salop, Chester, Berks, Wilts, and Oxford in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and subject to the fame Reftiic-tions. 753

41. An Act for enabling the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the surviving Devisee in Trust, named in the Will of 'Thomas Batty, heretofore of the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex Gentleman, deceased, to grant building Leases of certain Ground at or near Church Lane, in the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the fame Will, and to feli and pull down an ancient Messuage, (landing on Part of the said Ground, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale upon the Trusts of the said Will. 781

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wartes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Sturton and Branjby in the Parish of Stowe, in the County of Lincoln. 789

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Manor of Horton, in the Parishes of Norton and Dronfield, in the County of Derby. 809

44. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Wajle Grounds within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

8?i

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste

Grounds within the Manor of Eyam, in the County of Derby. 853

46. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadow's, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oakley, in the County of Bedford. 843

47. An Act to amend, alter, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the

Second Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to maintaining a Nightly Watch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages within the City of Chester and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Rows, and Passages within the said City, and for regulating and improving the Police thereof. 863

48. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-

first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from Selby in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Heminoborourh in the East Riding of the same County. 885

G

49. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

49. An Act for bulling a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or neat Loftfdmi

Ferry, from the Parish of tVreffel to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingbrough in the East Riding of the County of Tirk. 889

50. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth in the County of York, to a Plage called Blue Bell, near Colne in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighley in the said County of York.

51. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Ldne End in the County Palatine of Lancaster. pi 9

51. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening^ and altering the Road from Sandott in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Spiithy in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetlcy Rocks to Tean in the said County of Stafford. 933

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands within the Parish of Horncastle in the County of Lincoln. 949

54. An Act to contihue the Terih, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two

Acts, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, and the Twen-ty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Prejlcn to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke; and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Heft, to a Place called Heft Bank in the said Township. 969

55. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Alloa; for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Alloa, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. . 981

56. An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County. I0J3

57. An Act for repairing, improving, and preserving the Harbour of Dyfart,

in the County of Fife. 1033

58. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace ailing for the Western Divi/ion of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the J'aid County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Divi/ion towards the fame, as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired

exclusively

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 430 GEO. III.

exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division; and for the better Regulation and Payment of the Publick Expences of the said County.

1045

59. An Act for paving, l;ghting, cleansing, watching, and improving, the Streets, Passages, and Places within the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex; for removing and preventing Annoyances and Obstructions therein, and for establishing an effective Police in the said Town.

1049

60. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for cleatifing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast, and for erecting a Ballaji Office in the said City, and each of the said Towns, as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Act, made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Paffiages in the Town of Sligo in the County of Sligo; for establishi'ng a Nightly Watch in the said Town-, for supp lying the said lown with Pipe Water-, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof, and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving of the said Town of Sligo -, and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein; and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof. 1089

61. An Act to alter and amend.Two Acts, paised in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers Teign, Dart, and Plym in the County of Devon. 1149

62. An Act for the more effectually repairing the Parish Church of Dagenham,

in the County of Essex. i 157

63. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts, paised in the First and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aufiell and Lostwithiel, and thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane in the said County. r 169

64- An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Hoad from the City of Worcester, through Droitwith to Spadefbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned. 1177

65. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts, paised in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Qkehampton in the County of Devon. 1189

66. An Act for continuing the Tc-rm, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, paised in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present

Majesty*

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Whitechapel Church in the County of Middlesex to Sheffield, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford towards Epping, and from the causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the End of the said Parish of Woodford, next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church, to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads.

!‘93

67. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving the Road lead-

ing from the High Street in the Town of Arundel, to the Junction or the Pelworth and Pulborough Roads, and from thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Fittleworth Common, in the County of Sussex. 1201

68. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the North East Side of the Goswell Street Road next l/l ngton, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields to Old Street, and from the Dog Hoffie Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex. 1225

69. An Act for amending, altering, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Turnpike Road between Burnley and Colne, in the Township of Marfden, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of QiJLurn, in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or near the Town or Village of Long Preston, in the said County of York. I233

70. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenbill Moor to Hathersage, and from the Chesterfeld Turnpike Road, near Stoney Middleton t6 Tetley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making Two new Branches from the said Roads to Bafow, in the said County, and to Goose Green near Sheffield in the County of York. 1269

71. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorngumbald to Patrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winefield to Fro-dingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of York.

1285

72. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts,

made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of Whitcparish in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra to Hundred Bridge in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton. 1293

73. An Act for the Sale cff Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable

Robert Earl of Roden, for the Intent and Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses. 1301

74. An

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 43° GEO. III.

74. An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the several Acts

therein mentioned for the Relief of the Creditors of certain Banks lately kept in the City of Dublin called Burtons Banks. l337

75. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open, Common,

and Mesne Fields, Moors, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Great Huckiow, in the Parish of Hope, in the County of Derby. 1357

76. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of Westmorland, and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Lands and Grounds.

1369

77. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wajles and Commons lying in the Manor if Sleagill, in the County of Westmorland; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds. ' 1385

78. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes,

Fens, and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blunde-Jione, and Lound, in the County of Suffolk. J397

79. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pasture, Common and Waste Lands within the Township of Middleton in the Parish of Middleton, in the East Riding of the County of York. 14l3

So. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, ‘ and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1433

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Commonable

Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Liberty of Wormhill, in the Parish of Tideswell, in the County of Derby. 1449

82. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and otherwise improving several Commons, Moors, or Wastes within the Manor of Alston, otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill in the Parish of Alston and County of Cumberland.

1461

83. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields,

Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Castle Bytham in the County of Lincoln. I493

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and Ellefborough in the County of Buckingham. 1513

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields,

Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Liljlock in the County of Somerset. 1533

86. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Waste Land, lying within the Manors of Hartjhill and Anfey, in the Parishes of Mancetter and Anjleyfva the County of Warwick. *545

H , 87. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

87. An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbours of the Town of

Greenock, and for other Purposes'therein mentioned. 1561

88. An Act for repairing, enlarging, and improving, the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour of Torquay in the County of Devon. 1573

89. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for building a Pier at Sheerness in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes, as authorizes the taking or carrying away any Gravel, Stones, Ballad, Sand, or other Materials from the Sea Beach, belonging to William Al/lon, Lord of the Manor of Minster in the said Isle of Sheppy, without paying any Thing for the fame. 1589

90. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Bradford, and Part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all Nuisances therein.

1593

91. An Act to establish a Chapel of Ease at Brighthelmston in the County of Sussex. 1629

92. An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road near the South or upper End of Harwell Town in the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County.

1641

93. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodftde Ferry in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned. 1673

94. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts,

passed in the Ninth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads from the End of the County of Stafford, through Nantwich, to the City of Chester, so far a3 the said Acts relate to the First District of Roads. 1681

95. An Act for further continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of

an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Hale-worthy in the Parish of Davidstow in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, and from the West End of tVadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell in the said County. 1689

96. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Greenock to Kelley

Bridge in the County of Renfrew, and a Road branching out of the same to Ailly Miln, in the same County. 1697

97. An Act for vesting the Manor and Estate of Ratcliffe upon Wreke in the County of Leicester (Pait of the settled Estates of Robert Earl Ferrers'), in a Trustee to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of an Incumbrance affecting the Whole of the said settled Estates. 1713

98. An Act to confirm a Lease granted by the Trustees of a Power in a Settlement, made by the Right Honourable Charles late Lord Southampton

deceased.

(Local ft? Personal, to be judicially noticed) 43" GEO. III.

deceased, and Ann Lady Southampton, to the Governor and Company of the New River, and for other Purposes. 1729

99. An Act for effecting certain Exchanges between the Right Honourable

William Viscount Loivther, and the respective Devisees under the Wills of Sir William Loivther Baronet, and the Right Honourable James late Earl of Lonfdah. 1753

100. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Langley Esquire,

in Trustees to be sold, subject to the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances, and in reimbursing to him the Expences of Improvements already made, and also in reimbursing to him the Expences of future Improvements, when the Amount shall have been ascertained, under the Direction of the said Court, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of that Court, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. *773

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common logs. Commons, and Walle Grounds within the Manor of AUerton Bywater in the Parish of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1813

X02. An Act for inclosing the Commonable Lands within the Manor and Township of Potter Newton cum Gibton in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1833

103. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, with-

in the several Parishes of Penrith, Edenhall, Salkeld otherwise Great Salkeld, Lazonby, Hejkett, Wether at, Hutton, and Newton, the Township of Middlefceugh, and Braithwaite, in the Parish of Saint Mary Carli/le, and the Townships of Raughton and Gaitfgill, and Ivegill in the Parish of Dalflon in the Honour of Penrith, and the Forest of Inglewood, or in One of them, in the County of Cumberland. r84i

104. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Kirk Ireton, in the Parish of Kirk Ireton, and of Callow, in the Parish of Wirksworth in the County of Derby. 1861

105. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and

Waste Lands in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Palatine of Chester. 1877

106. An Act to extend the Provisions of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth, and in the Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Elides and Skins in the flaying thereof, to, and to alter and amend the same as to, the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, and all Places within Fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London.

r889

107. An Act for raising and securing a Fund for making Provision for the

Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland. rpor

108. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Dorset and Somerset Canal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money towards completing the said Canal, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation. 1913

109. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Poll Road near the Town of Faversham, to the Town and Port of Hytbe, and from Bacon’s Water to Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the City of Canterbury in the County of Kent. 1925

no.^An Act for continuing the Term, and consolidating into One Act, several Acts relating to the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned. 1933

in. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet bridge, near Peterfeld, in the County of Southampton. 1953

112. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts,

made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bury in the County of Huntingdon, to a House called the Spread Eagle, in Stratton in the County of Bedford. 1989

113. An Act for enabling Trustees therein named to concur, on the Part of the Devisees in the Will of Mary Foord, late of Stockton in the County of York, Widow, One of the Three Sifters and Coheirelfes of John Agar, late of Stockton aforesaid, Esquire, and Serjeant at Law, with the other Persons interested in making a Partition, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Court of Chancery, of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of the said John Agar. 1997

114. An Act for effecting the Sale of the Mansion House and Grounds late

of John Cornwall Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Hendon, in the County of Middlesex, and for inverting the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in another Estate to be settled to the same Uses. 2013

115. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Whitwick, and Town-

ships or Liberties of Fhringftone and Pegg’s Green, in the Parish of Whitwick, in the County of Leicester, 2021

xi 6. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Mosses, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hevcrfiam, in the County of Westmorland. 2041

117. An Act for erecting a new Church to be called Christ Church, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing a Maintenance and Residence for the Minister or Perpetual Curate thereof. 2061

118. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and the West and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto. 2077

1x9. An

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 43° GEO. III.

119. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Elland

cum Greetland, in the Parish of Halifax, and West. Riding of the County of York. 2085

120. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Saint Nicholas a'd Saint

John in Newport, Saint Peter in Eastgaie, Saint Mary le IVigford, Sa nt Martin and Saint Swithen, in the City of Lincoln, and in that Part of the Parish of Saint Margaret, which lies within the Laid City, and for setting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City, as a Common Pasturefor the Purposes therein mentioned. 2101

121. An Act for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of an Act,

passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with Water; to paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Towns; and to repairing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and for erecting a new Court House and Prison, and other necessary publick Buildings in the said Towns. 2125

122. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads

leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in Repair Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge. 2141

123. An Act for inclosing and improving a certain Tract of Common or

Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvaston, in the Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. 2185

124. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out

of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London. 2197

125. An Act for regulating the Markets within the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for improving the Streets and other Places within the said Town. 2209

126. An Act for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making

Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port. 2253

127. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in

the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and also for empowering the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to buiid and repair Bridges over the said River, within certain Limits. 23 13

128. An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford, in the County of

Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town. 2329

129. An Act for extending and making the Horse Towing Path or Road on the Banks of the River Severn, from Bewdley Bridge in the County of Worcester, to the Deep Water at Diglis, below the City of Worcester.

2393

I 130. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

t jo. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near Morwel/ham Quay, to the Town of Tavistock; and also a certain Collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to Mill Hill Bridge, in the County of Devon. 2429

131. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ravensborne, at or near its

Mouth or Outlet into the River Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper Approaches thereto. 2493

132. An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, for making a Road from New Street, Southwark, to the Places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Dock Head and Ltlliput Hall Bridge, in Bennondsey, and from the Stones End m Kent Street, Southwark, to Dartford, so far as respects the Road leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street, towards Saint Thomas a Watarings; and also for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Lo >g Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey. 2553

133. An Act for repairing, altering, and widening the Road from a Lane

called Back Lane, in the Parish of Scariho, to Hollowgate Head, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln. 2581

134. An Act for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the

Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned. 2613

135. An Act for vesting the defeended Estates of the most Honourable Wills

late Marquis of DownfhPe, and Arthur late Marquis of Downshire, respectively deceased, in 1 ruflees, in Trull, to be disposed of under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, for Payment of their respective Debts. 2649

136. An Act for appointing new Trullees for the Purposes of certain Settle-

ments made upon and after the Marriage of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Stawell with Mary Curzon Spinller, now the Right Honourable Mary Lady Stawell, and for other Purposes. 2657

137. An Act for veiling certain Freehold and Leasehold Parcels of Land, and

Materials of Building, situate in the Town of Liverpool, devised by the Will of the late James France Esquire, with their Appurtenances, in certain Trullees, upon Trull, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to like Uses. 2681

138. An Act for indoling Lands within the Manor and Township of Batley,

in the West Riding of the County of York. 2697

139. An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and explain and amend an Act made

ifi the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair the Streets, Squares, and other publick Passages and Places, which are, and shall be mads upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton; and for including therein certain other small Plots of Gro.und in the said Parish therein described. 5 2713

14. An

f Local and Personal, to be judicially noticed) 430 GEO.

140. An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Harbour of Br'fflol.

141. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the Canal, and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers.

2809

142. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre, under certain Restrictions, in the City of Glasgow. 2825

143. An Act for altering and enlarging some of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for taking down the Church and Tower be- longing to the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex; 1 and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and ‘ for making an additional Cemetery or Church Yardand for raffing a further Sum of Money for completing the said Church and other [Forks. 2829

144. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beveifflone, in the County of

Gloucester. 2837

145. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory Manor and Township of Dewsbury, in the West. Riding of the County of York.

2849

146. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties, and Precincts of IVroxton and Balfcot, in the Parish of Wroxton, in the County of Oxford.

2865

147. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the lighting the Streets and Places within the Borough and Soke of Donca/ler, in the County of York; and for more effectually lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said Borough, and for preventing Nuisances therein. 2885

III.

Port and

2733

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Commonable, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Wid-merpool, in the County of Nottingham.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Two certain Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground called or known by the several Names of The Pasture and Dogged s Furze, situate in the Parish of Olney, in the County of Buckingham.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Gumecester otherwise Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon.

4. An Act for naturalizing Francis Theodore Plantamour.

5. An Act for naturalizing Charles Bellock.

6. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Hofch.

7. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Heaths, Plains, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Buckksham and Foxhall, in the County of Suffolk.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands or Fields, in the Parish of North Perrott, in the County of

Somerset.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pallures, Waites, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Market Orton otherwise Market Overton, in the County of Rutland, and for extinguishing the Tythes within the same Parish.

10. An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Common Meadow, called Pe-therton Broadmead, situate in the Parish of South Petherton, in the County of Somerset.

11. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and otherwise improving the Waste and Commonable Land within the Parish of Northaw, in the County of Hertford.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moors, Commons, and Wafe Grounds, within the Manor of Dalfon, in the County of Cumberland.

13. An Act for naturalizing John Lewis Greffulhe.

14. An Act for naturalizing Charles Henry Ferdinand Sehutze.

15. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Lewis Beland.

16. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Lutterloh.

17. An Act for naturalizing Louis Anna Cezar North and Claude Nicole du Pre de Saint Maur North, his Wife.

18, An

(Local & Personal, not printed) 430 GEO. III.

18. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Adolphus Hellmers.

19. An Act for naturalizing George Frederick Christian Seidenfticker.

20. An Act for naturalizing George Philip Kauffmann.

si. An Act for naturalizing John Rudolph Bourcard.

22. An Act for naturalizing Henry Fagel and William Henry James Fagel.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Rujlington, in the County of Suffer.

24. An Act to enable William Robertson Esquire, of Ladykirk, to exchange the Lands of Bandeath, Hillhouse Field, and Kirklands of Bolton, lying respectively in the Counties of Stirling, Mid Lothian, and East Lothian, held by him under certain Conditions, Provisions, and Limitations contained in a Disposition of the said Lands made by his Grandfather for the Lands of Ramrig and Greenftde, belonging to him in Fee Simple, and lying in the County of Berwick.

25. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates settled upon the Marriage of John Coker Esquire, with the Honourable Charlotte Marsham, in the said John Coker in Fee Simple, and for settling other Estates of greater Value in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common and Waste Lands in the Parish of East Stower, otherwise Stower East Slower, in the County of Dorset.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Piece or Parcel of Open and uninclosed Wood Land, called Hartley bank; and also the several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Shelley, in the Parish of Kirkburton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Fen Wafl.es, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Rippingale and Kirkby Underwood, in the County of Lincoln.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Tollerton in the County of Nottingham.

30. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Houghton Regis in the County of Bedford; and to give Powers for the making and compleating of certain Roads set out by the Commissioners acting under and by virtue of the said Act.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Township of Burton otherwise Burton upon Stather, and in the Hamlets of Stather, Darby, 7healby, and Coleby within the Parishes cf Burton and West Halton, in the Wapentake of Manley, in the County of Lincoln, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township and Hamlets.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields and Meadows, Commonable and intermixed Lands and Grounds, within the Parish

K of

A TABLE of the STATUTES

of St aver ton, with the Chapelry of Boddington annexed, in the County of

Gloucester.

33. An Act for naturalizing Valentine Close.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waite Ground, in Blewberry, in the County of Berks.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of IFeJi Rafen, in the County of

Lincoln.

36. An Act for naturalizing Christian Sanders.

37. An Act for vetting, subject to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, the Estate settled to the LTfe of George Jackson and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Survivor of them, during their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor, with divers Remainders over, in George Eenn and his Heirs, in Trull, for the said George Jackson and his Heirs, and for fubllituting other Lands and Hereditaments in lieu thereof.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of iibfon, in the County of Leicester,

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Meadows and Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Send and Ripley, in the County of Surrey.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Moor or Common, and other Waste Lands, situate within the Manor of Beamish otherwise Beamish Park, in the Parish of CheJler-le-Street, and County 0! Durham.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Hinted Pasture, called The Cow Close, in the Township of Barningham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Common Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the several Townships of Dunham and Ragnall, and within the Parish, Manor, and Soke of Dunham, in the County of Nottingham.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex.

44. ArfAft for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, and Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Chickerill otherwise West Chickerill, which lies within the Tithing of West Chickerill, in the County of Dorset.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waite and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Chipping Lamborne, in the Parish of Chipping I.amborne, in the County of Berks; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain

Common,'

[Local £? Personal, not printed) 43° G E O. III.

Common, called King's Heath, within the Tithing of Blagrave, in the Parish of Chipping Lamborne aforesaid.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Commons and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Boultbam otherwise Bolt ham, in the County of Lincoln.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Hanjlop otherwise Hanjlope, in the County of Buckingham.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Milton Erness, in the County of Bedford.

49. An Act for naturalizing William Benjamin Samuel Chatricrc de Scvery.

50. An Act for naturalizing Lawrence Gall.

51. An Act for naturalizing Morice de longh.

52. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fit-Ids, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish and Liberties of Bradden, in the County of Northampton.

53. An Act for altering and amending the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons, Marshes, Heaths, IVafles, and Commonable Woods, Lands, and Grounds, within the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey.

54. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and In-dofure, of certain Commons called Freezing Hill and Nimlctt, and also of a Piece of Open Pallure Land, Part of the said Common called Freezing Hill, lying in the Parish of Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester.

55. An Act for vesting, subject to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, certain Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in the Parishes of Great Hale otherwise Great Hall otherwise Great Hole, and Little Hale, in the County of Lincoln, Part of the Settled Estates of the Honourable Lewis Dymoke, in Trustees, upon Trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Lands so to be sold.

56. An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cork, Westmeath, and in the King's County, in Ireland, formerly the Estate ot George Stepney Esquire, deceased, which have not been sold or disposed of under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, palfed by the Parliament ot Ireland, in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in the Counties of Limerick, Cork, Welt-meath, and in the King’s County, the Estate of George Stepney Esquire, in Trvftees, in order that the fame, or a competent Part thereof, may be Jold for the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances af ecling the same.

57. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Christopher late Lord Bishop of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the

Money

A TABLE vf the STATUTES

Money anting by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to

the same Uses.

58. An Act for effectuating an Exchange, subject to the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, of certain Estates situate in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, between the Trustees of the Estates of the Hospital of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, long since deceased, situate at Sheffield, in the County of York, and George Benson Strutt Esquire.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common or Waste, called The Froxfield Barnett, and other Waste and Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Froxfield, in the County of Southampton,

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Walton, in the Parish of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers Lands, lying in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of llujha I, in the County of Wilts.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Wood Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Afiatdon, in the County of Norfolk.

63. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Wastes, and other

Commonable Lauds, within the Manor and Township of Shadwell, in the Parish of Fhorner, and West Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Rirkby cum Ofigodby, in the County of Lincoln.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish and Liberties of Burton Lattimcr, in the County of Northampton.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Downs, Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Edmondsham and JVefiworth, within the Parish of Edmondsham, in the County of Dorset.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common called the Nytbe otherwise the Nythen Common, in the Parish of Old Alresford, in the County of Southampton.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commonable Meadow and Pasture Grounds, and certain of the Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Whitwell and Hackford, in the County of Norfolk.

70. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Moors, and Wastes, within the Townships of

Wilton,

5

(Local & Personal, not printed) 430 GEO. III.

Wilton, Lazenly, Lackenby, and West Coatham, in the North Riding of the County of 2'ork.

y\. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Iiemsworth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

y%. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Pa-rifli of Little Comberton, in the County of Worcester.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Spetisbury, in the County of Dorset.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Common or Moor, called Teadon Moor, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Teadon, in the Parish of Guiseley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

75. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Upton Scudamore otherwise Upton Skidmore, in the County of Wilts.

76. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend George Markham Dean of York, with Elizabeth Evelyn Sutton his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

77. An Act for vesting detached Parts of the Estates deviled by the Will of Mill refs Melior Mary Weston, in Trustees, upon Trull, to sell the same, and to lay out a competent Part of the Money arising by such Sale in the Discharge of certain Incumbrances, and the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses.

78. An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Craigencate, and others, commonly called The Blair Adam Estate, and also the Lands of Difchandad or Dickendad, and others, lying in the Counties of Kinro/s and Fife, to and in Favour of William Adam of Blair Adam, Esquire, and the fame Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, by Alexander Littlejohn, of WoodJhun, deceased, of his Real Estates, and in a Disposition of the fame Date, of his Personal Estate; and for vesting in the aforesaid William Adam, and his Heirs and Alligns, in Fee Simple, the Lands of Hall Woodjloun, Hillend, Fisherhills, and others, lying in the County of Kincardine; and also the Balance or Residue of the Personal Estate of the said Alexander Littlejohn.

79. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Downs, and other Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township or District of Kilmiston, in the County of Southampton.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Ixworth, in the County of Suffolk, and the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, Greens, or Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Thurston, in the same County.

L

81. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

3i. An Act for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton upon Trait, in the County of Nottingham.

82. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and old inclosed Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kinwctrton, in the County of Warwick, and for making Compensation to the Rector of Kin-warton, in lieu of the Tythes thereof.

83. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Salehy with Thorejihorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands, Meadow, Pasture, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet of East Hanney, in the Parish of West Hanney, in the County of Berks.

85. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Keyfoe, in the County of

Bedford.

86. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lancing, in the County of Sussex.

87. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclcfng, the Moor or Common Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mickleton, and Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for making Compensation for the Tythes, and all Payments in lieu of Tythes, within the said Township of Mickleton.

88. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Werrington and Walton, in the Parish of Pafton, and County of Northampton.

89. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Cars, and other uninclosed Grounds, within the Townships of Ganton and Potter Brampton, in the Parish of Ganton, and the Township of Bin-nington, in the Parish of Willerby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

90. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Townships of Wetwang and Timber, in the Parish of Wetwang, in the East Riding of the County of York.

91. An Act for naturalizing Balfar Boehler.

92. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Kent and City of Canterbury, Part of the settled Estates of Sir Edward Hales Baron;t, in Trustees, in Trust, to fell under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising the reby in Discharge of certain Incumbrances affecting the said settled Estates, and in reducing and repairing the Mansion House called Hales Place, being Part of the said settled Estates, and to lay out the ultimate Surplus of the Monies produced by such Sale in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the remaining Part of the said settled Estates.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Cpen Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Township of Braftngton otherwise Brajfon, and

2 the

4

(Local 2f Personal, not printed) 430 GEO. III.

the Commons and Waste Grounds, called Braffington, otherwise BraJJon Common, in the Parish of Bradbourne, in the County of Derby.

54. An Act for inclosing that Part of the Common called The Pease Marsh, which lies within the Manor of Lofeley, in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas, in Guildford and Shaford, and within the Manor of Poljled, in the Parish of Compton, in the County of Swrey.

95. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Precincts of the Manor of Waltham Saint Lawrence; and also in so much of the Manor of llall, as lies within the Parish of Waltham Saint Lawrence, in the County of Berks.

96. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alderbury, in the County of

mits.

97. An Act for naturalizing Louis Bdurillion.

98. An Act for naturalizing Matthew Tinne.

99. An Act for inclosing the Commons within the Manors of Godalming and Gattjhull, in the Parishes of Godalming, Chiddingfold, and Compton, in the County of Surrey.

100. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Jam's Foote Esquire, with Nina Merries, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

rot. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Charlton Adam and Charlton Mackre l, in the County of Somerset.

J02. An Act for inclosing Commons in the Township of Little Ormfide, in the County of Westmortand.

109. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Tything of Sutton, next IVokeing, in the Parish of IVokeing, in the County of Surrey.

104. An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harronv on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates of the said John Lyon.

105. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Barmby-upon Dunn, in the Parish of Barmby-upon-Dunn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

106. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of /Vantage, and in the Hamlet of Grove, in the Parish of [Vantage, in the County of Berks.

107. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Mendcs Chtimafero.

108. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Addington, in the County of Northampton.

109. An Act for naturalizing Christopb Lebrecht Quelle.

110. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange between the Right Honourable Hugh Seymour Conway deceased, commonly called Lord Hugh Seymour, and John Goldsmith, William Horn, Betty Gay, John Foster, Francis Foster, and George Foster, discharged as to the Lands conveyed to the Use of the said Lord Hugh Seymour, in Exchange of all the Limitations and Lltates created by the Will of Thomas Land Gentleman, deceased;

and

A TABLE cfs the STATUTES.'

and for vetting in {he Right Honourable George Henry Fitzroy, commonly called Earl, of Eyfon, the Right Honourable George Seymour, commonly called George Seymour, and Thomas /l/hetpn-Smith Esquire, their Heir% and A (Tigris.- the Trusts declared thereof by a certain Indenture ,6r

Release, all tlte'Pieqfes Or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, which were conveyed to and' to the Life of the said Lord Hugh Seymour, upon the said Exchange.

rn. An Act for enabling the Trustees of the settled Estates late of Johk Aldridge . Esquire, deceased, in the County of Sussex, to carry into Execution a Contract entered into with Charles George Beauderk Esquire, for the Sale of Part thereof,- and for other Purposes therein mentioned, ' lq

112. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of Lands belonging to the Tfhf-tees of the Charity of Sir Henry Marten Knight, artd Henry Marled Esquirej for Lands belonging to Edward Loveden Loveden Esquire.

113. An Act for settling a certain Farm and Lands in the Parish of Llandow, in the County of Glamorgan, whereof George Wyneh Esquire is seised in Fee Simple, in lieu of and Exchange for a certain Farm and Lands at Great Gonerby and Manthcrpe in the County of Lincoln, being the settled Estate of the said George Wync'h and Mary his Wife.

114. An Act for effecting the Sale of an unsettled Copyhold Estate belonging to Ann Parker, Sarah Parker, and Samuel Mann Infants, and to John Wray Esquire, John Pea Gentleman, and Molly Wray his Wife, in undivided Shares in Fee Simple, and for inverting the Purchase Monies of the Infants Shares in other Real Estates, to be conveyed to the Infants in Fee Simple, in lieu of such Shares.

115. An Act for vesting in the Honourable William Gordon, Assignee of Dudley North Esquire, a Leasehold Messuage, situate in Piccadilly in the County of Middlesex, with Part of the Fixtures and Furniture settled therewith, by a Codicil to the Will of Elizabeth Cavendish Widow, and for settling Part of the Estates of the said Dudley North in the County of Suffolk, in lieu of and in Exchange for the same.

116. An Act‘ for establishing and confirming Exchanges made between John Vancouver Esquire, and the Reverend joseph Gunning Vicar of Sutton, in the County of Suffolk, and Mary Brand Widow, and John Brand Esquire deceased, of certain Lands in the Parish of Sutton in that County.

117. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Parishes of Chedworth

and Compton Abdale in the County of Gloucester.

118. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fenditton, in the County of

Cambridge.

119. An Act for inclosing Lands in Northnewton otherwise Northneivingtou in the Parish of Broughton in the County of Oxford.

120. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Worplefdon and iVanborow, and in the Manor of iVanborow, in the Panfries of Ash and Puttenbam in the County of Surrey.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO REGNI

GEORGII I. III.

Britanniarum Regis,

QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith.

Being the First Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

i,...:

ri . '

’ / y--'Vv\

ix0

1 T ' ' '

-f '

(t> -

P\X T- V\ v, l

.; ' ' T~ f -

t i.i l '

«ft . r

- V. v c..... t

\U'

’ '

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, An ASifor amending, widening, and "keeping in Repair, the Road from Spann Smithy in the County of Chester, to Talk in the County of Stafford.

[17th December 1802.}

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road »* G«° 3-from Spann Smithy in the County of Chester, to Talk in the County of Stafford: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act fiave proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls by the said Act authorized to be taken on the said Road should be repealed, and others granted instead thereof May it therefore pliafe Your Majesty that [let. V PerA a it

I

4

former Act continued*

repealing

former Tolls, and granting new Ones.

Tolls.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

It may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, or as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless, to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and takeEffedt upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Act, or hereafter to be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Act and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas the Tolls by the said Act granted, have been found insufficient for the proper Improvement and Repair of the said Road; be it therefore enacted, That the said Tolls shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that instead thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at the several and respective Gates ox Turnpikes which have been or shall be erected in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Road j that is to say.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Curricle, Hearse, Calash, Chaise Marine, or other such like Carriage (except Poll Chaises drawn only by Two Horses, Mares, or Geldings), the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Poll Chaise drawn only by Two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beaff, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Soles of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Soles of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence Half-penny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence p er Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And, For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: ,

Which said several Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof, shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, varied, and disposed of

in

5

43° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Act, respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

III. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act enacted, that the Rep-a'ing the Principal Money to arise from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, Here- A^fo/rei1d ditaments, or Premises, which should be purchased for the Purposes inverting Pur-thereof, of any Body Corporate or Ecclesiastical, Corporation Aggregate beionghigto5 or Sole, Feoffees in Trull, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, mcanaciutet or from any Femes Covert or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person Hcr,ons-

or Persons, should be paid to such Person as they should nominate to receive the same in Trult, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned:

And whereas such Power has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- t/on^bere*" chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or amounting to this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, ia0/'

Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned,

such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing;the, said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said [Lee, Cf Per.) B ‘ Court,

6

Application when the Comper.f.ition is less than soo/. and exceed i ao /.

Application ’where the Money \s less than *o /.

For paying Expences of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to he purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the First: Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and as such be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Act shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Act (subject as herein-before mentioned), and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

, 7

Term of this Act.

'; v oh~

,'i "» ll !r ' I i > ‘ I ’

wvv

©V

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Ml* *

Cap. 2.

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road leading from Thirsk to Yarm, in the County of York.

[17th December 1802.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Town of Thirsk to the Town of Tarm, in the North Riding of the County of York, through the several Parishes, Chapelries, or Distri&s of Thirsk aforesaid, and of South Kilvington, Thornton-le-Street, Leake, Sigstone, Ofmotherlcyj’Wrncliffe, Harljey, Whorlton, East Rcunton, Rudby, Crathorne, Kirk Leavington, High Wor Jail, and Yarm aforesaid, or some of them, is very circuitous and hilly, and in many Places narrow and incommodious; and the said Road cannot he effectually shortened, levelled, widened, amended, and kept in good Repair by Means of the Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways; but jf the said Road were properly altered, levelled, widened, amended, and repaired, it would be of much Utility and Advantage to the Publick, and would greatly facilitate and improve the Communication between several Parts of the North Riding of Yorkshire, and the several Sea Ports and Market Towns of Stockton, Hartlepool, Sunderland, North and South Shields, and Netucafile-upon-Tyne, and other Parts of the Counties of Durham and Northumberland: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Hr den, Christopher /.Injley Clerk, John Allijon, William Addijon Clerk, Daniel Addijon Clerk, Wation Alcock, William Appleton, Benjamin Atkinson, John Addie M. D. TLoc. & Per.] C Rowland

Trustees appointed.

io 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Rowland Burdon, George Brown, George Brown the younger, John Bell, Robert Bell, Charles Baillie Clerk, Robert Brigham, William Braithwaite, Joseph Bulmer, ‘Timothy Bulmcr the younger, Spuintin Blackburn, John Brewjler Clerk, Edward Brown, John Barker, Nathan Brunten, George Barrington Clerk, Warcop Confett, Robert Chaloner, Robert Crowe, James Crowe, Matthew Crowe, Thomas Crat home, James Coates, Robert Christopher, George Cooke, Thomas Cooke, John Carr, Alderson Hartley Colling, Robert Colling, Robert Clarke, George Coates, Lawrence Dundas, G. Heritage Thindas, Matthew Dodsworth, William Dent, MG/liam Danby, Richard Dickson, Joseph Drejfer, Thomas Davison, Christopher Dobson, Joseph Dixon, Sir John Eden Baronet, Robert Eden, William Eden, John William Egerton, Benjamin Evans Clerk, William Elflob, George Elflob, Sir Thomas Frank-land Baronet, William Frankland, Roger Frankland, David Burton Fowler, Thomas Fawell, John Fox Clerk, Thomas Hartland Fowle Clerk, Richardson Ferrand, Benjamin Flounders, John Goodchild the younger, Chipchafe Grey, Thomas Robinson Grey, Ralph Grenftde Clerk, Thomas Greeve Clotworthy Gowan, John Grey, Sir Robert D. Arcy Hildyard Baronet, George Hutchinson, Henry Hutchinson, George Hutchinson the younger, John Hutchinson, William Hoar, John Hogg, Thomas Huftler, George Hubback, George Hutton, Thomas Ellerby Hixon, John Hixon, John Harrison, William Hall Clerk, Francis Henfon Clerk, Jonathan Holmes Clerk, Joseph Hickfon, Robert Hutton, Henry Fearon Heath, Sir Cuthbert Heron Knight, William Ward Jackson, Michael Jackson, James Jackson, Sir Alexander Ramsay Irvine Baronet, Stephenson Ingram, John Jackson, Thomas Kilvington M. D. Sir William Lorraine Baronet, Sir John Lawson Baronet, Ralph John Lambton, James Lee, William Lee, Richard Left, Robert Lindsay, Benjamin Lumley Clerk, William Linjkill, Robert Laing, Henry Leighton, Sir Ralph Milbank Baronet, George Maclellan Clerk, William Marwood, John Masterman, Edward Meyne/l, Thomas Mcynell, George Merryweather, William Master-man, Cuthbert Marshall, George Markham Clerk, Henry Mills the younger. Clerk, Richard Richardson Mowbray, John Mowbray, John Dowthwaite Nesham, Thomas Nicholson, Ralph Ord, William Ord, James Ord,

Sir James Pennyman Baronet, -- Pennyman, Benjamin Pye LL. D.

Richard William Christopher Peirfc, Henry Pcirfe, John Preston, Robert Prejltn, James Proffer, Charles Plumptre Clerk, S'.r Matthew White Ridley Baronet, William Russell, Matthew Russell, Ralph Robinson, Thomas Robertson, George Ridley, Thomas Rolfon, John Russell Rowntree, Leonard Raifbeck, Henry Richardson, Bartholomew Rudd, Bartholomew Rudd the younger, John Raper, Sir George Russell Baronet, William Richardson, George Sutton, William Sleigh, George Sayer Clerk, Henry Stapylton, Richard Stonehouse, Marshall Stonehouse, Jonathan Steel Clerk, Medd Scarth, Michael Scarth, Francis Smyth, Christopher Smith, George Snowdon, Matthew Smith, Samuel Smith, Gordon Skelly, Sir Charles Turner Baronet, Sir Henry Vane Tempest Baronet, Sir Gregory Page Turner Barcnct, Simon Temple the younger, John Thompson, Thomas Tinlcy, John Taylor, Joshua Tunstall, Robert Taylerson, Thomas Thrujh, Sir Hedworth Williamson Baronet, Robert v Wilson, Thomas Wilkinson, Richard Wharton, Rowland Webster, Rowland Webster the younger, John Wailes, Robert Wilkinson, Thomas Wayne, James Walker, William Walker, John Wrightson, John Wafs,' William Wilson, John Waldy, Matthew Wadcfon, John Walker, John Walker the younger, George Wakefield, Stephen Wright, John Wright, John Wharton, William Leigh Williamson Clerk, Richard

Walker,

II

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Walker, Christopher Wray, William Wifott, William Wrightson, and Christopher White, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, altering, levelling, widening, repairing, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Market Cross of the Ro=d de. Town of Thir/h aforesaid, through, by, or near to the several Vills, fcubed-Hamlets, or Places called South Kilvington, North Kilvington, Knayton,

Leake, Ingleby, Arncliffe, Trenho/m, Crathoi ne, and Kirk Leavington, in the several Parishes, Chapelries, or Districts aforesaid, or some of them, to the Bridge across the River Lees, at Tarm aforesaid, and for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That as often as any of the Trustees Power to a;w hereby appointed and to be elected and appointed as herein-after mentioned shall die, or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or Continuing Trustees from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their respective Hands, to elect and appoint some fit Person to be a Trustee in the room of every Trustee so dying or refusing to act (Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Election being given by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road for the Time being, by affixing such Notice upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Road); and every Person who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee in Manner aforesaid, shall and may aft with the surviving and continuing Trustees in the Execution of this Act, in the same Manner as if he had been originally appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Acts and Proceedings relative All Afl» m>y to the Execution of this Act may be done and executed by any Three or Trustees'>y more of the Trustees hereby appointed, and to be elected and appointed unless other-as aforesaid, except only in the Cases herein-after particularly mentioned wit® directed. as requiring a greater or less Number of them.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during the o{ Trustee‘-Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under the fame, nor unless he shall be seised or entitled for some Estate for Life, or for an Estate of Inheritance in Possession of, or to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person or Persons who shall be seised or entitled for some Estate for Life, or for an Estate of Inheritance in Possession of, or to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Amount or Value of Three thousand Pounds over and above what will be sufficient to pay all his just Debts; and if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherej# no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nOr more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that

i 2

The A A; of

im jtialifird Trulfcces, previous to Conviction, declared valid.

Trustees to be (worn.

The Oath.

Meetings of ^he Trustees.

How Meetings shall be adjourned.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided always, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previously to his being convicted of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided also, That every Trustee, before he shall act as such (except in administering the following Oath), shall take an Oath before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same), in the Form following; (that is to say),

4 r A.B. do swear, That I am truly and bond fide seised or entitled for 4 1 some Estate for Life, or of Inheritance in Possession of or to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes: [And, in the Cafe of an Heir Apparent] I A.B. do swear, That I am Heir Apparent to C.D. who, to the best of my Knowledge, Information, and Belief,

4 is truly and bond fide seised or entitled for some Estate for Life! or of Inheritance in Possession of or to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes,

' or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds above Reprizes: [And, in the Cafe of Personal Estate alone, or of Real and Personal E/late together3 I A.B. do swear, That I am truly and bond fide possessed of a Personal Estate [or, of Real and Personal Estate toge- therj of the Amount or Value of Three thousand Pounds above what will be sufficient to pay all my just Debts; and that I will faithfully and impartially, according to the best of my Judgement, act in the Execution and Performance of the several Trusts, Powers, and Authorities reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty- third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

‘ [Herefetforth the Title of the AclY\

'So help me GOD.’

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the House of Francis Staples, known by the Sign of The George, in Yarn aforesaid, or at some oi.ier convenient House in the fame Town, on the Day of the Commencemenf of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees shall then and from Time to Time afterwards, meet at the fame House or at such other House in the fame Town, or at such other Place within the Distance of Five Miles from some Part of the said Road, ana at iucU Times as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct (provided that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Six Calendar MonthsJ; and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day; or in case the Trustees at any Meeting affetnbled shall not adjourn themselves, then and in every such Case every such Meeting or intended Meeting shall Ije and is hereby adjourned to the Twenty-eighth Day next after the Day on which such Meeting was held, or such Meeting was appointed to be held, and at the same Place, and so from Twenty-eight Days to

Twenty-

i3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Twenty-eight Days, until a sufficient Number of Trustees do or shall meet and adjourn; and publick Notice of every such Adjournment shall be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Road Ten Days at lead before the Day of Meeting.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, after any Meetingion Adjournment of the said Trustees made either by themselves or by vir- Emer£tncies-tue of this Act, it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment or

by virtue of this Act, in that Cafe the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, (mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting,) shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Time, Place, and Purpose mentioned in such Order, in the Manner last herein-before directed (the Time of Meeting not being within Ten Days after such Notice); and Trustees to such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly, and the said jPv 'h"r own Trustees shall at all their Meetings defray their own Expences.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said How Orders of Trustees, or the Majority of them present at any Meeting which shall be grewtemade held in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time, to make all Con- and revoked, tracts, Agreements, Orders, Directions, Appointments, and Determinations in the Execution of this Act, all which shall be signed by the Trustees making the same; and no such Contract, Agreement, Order, Di-

redion. Appointment, or Determination shall be valid, unless so made and signed at such Meeting, and the Number of Trustees by this Act authorized to make the same shall be present, and the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and no such Contract, Agreement,

Order, Direction, Appointment, or Determination so signed, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Twelve or more Trustees shall be present, and Eight of them at ieaft shall concur therein.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such other Power to erect Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall and may ered, or otherwise To11 Gates> provide such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or across

such Parts and in such Places of the said Road, and also such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the Sides of the said Road, and in, upon, or across any Lane or Bye-way that doth or shall lead into or out of the fame, as the said Trustees shall think proper (subject nevertheless to the Restrictions and Directions herein-after mentioned concerning the same); and also shall and may ered or otherwise provide a Toll House to every or any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, with suitable Buildings and other Conveniencies thereto, and inclose from the Sides of the said Road convenient Gardens for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls herein-after par- And totak« ticularly mentioned, shall be demanded and taken at each of the Toll Toils-Gates or Turnpikes which shall be erected in pursuance of this Act (except as herein-after is expressly directed or provided to the contrary),

before any Horse, Cattle, or Beall upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

[Loc. fc? Per.1

D

For

14

Power to recover the Tolls.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

For every Horse or other Bejft drawing in any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Chair, Landau, Berlin, C.alalh, Hearse, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Ox, or other Bealt, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, or more, and so flat or level as not to deviate mere than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating more from the exterior Diameter thereof than One-Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, the Sum of Three-pence: For every Horse, Ox, or other Bead, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of any of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, or deviating more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, or having the interior Diameter of any Wheel deviating more from the exterior Diameter thereof than One-Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, between the Thirty-first Day of March and the First Day of October in every Year, the Sum of Four-pence, and between the Thirtieth Day of September and the First Day of April in every Year, the Sum of Eight-pence; provided that no more than the Sum of Four-pence shall be demanded or taken, during any Part of the Year, at each of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes aforesaid, for any Horse, Ox, or other Beast, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage as last aforesaid, when the same shall be unloaden, and shall not on the same Day return through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike, drawing in any loaden Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage as last aforesaid; and that no more than the Sum of Four-pence shall be demanded or taken during any Part of the Year at each of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes aforesaid for any Horse, Ox, or other Beast, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage as last aforesaid, when the same shall be laden with Fish only:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Bull, Cow, Ox, Steer, Heifer, Calf, or other such Beast, the Sum of One Flalfpenny:

For every Hog, Pig, Goat, Sheep, or Lamb, the Sum of One Farthing.

Which Paid respective Sums shall be demanded and taken in the Name of and as Toll, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time authorize and appoint to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made by any Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, neglect or refuse to make Payment thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized, to seize and distrain any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or any Carriage in which the same shall be drawing, or the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements of any such Horse, Cattle, or Beast, or any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress, and of keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after the Day of making such Distress, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may, at any Time or Times thereafter, fell the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, Goods,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 15

and Chattels so distrained, and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale pay or retain such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unfold (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Disputes shall happen con- £or settling cerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Distress as «w'lg*To!is. aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, till the Quantity of the Tolls and the Charges of such Distress shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the North Riding of the County of York, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Toll due, and assess the Charges of such Distress, and of the Collector’s Attendance upon the said Justice for that bur-pose; all which Sums so determined and alfelfed shall be paid to the said Collector before he or she shall be obliged to return the Goods so distrained, or the said Overplus, or any Part thereof respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, tent wit- 1 " the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person ne£Te».

or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be competent to give Evidence therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ^of.jmiybe Trustees from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to lelfen, vary, or alter all or any of the Tolls hereby granted or made payable at all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, and to cause the same to be collected in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit; and to raise, vary, or alter the fame again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act made payable, and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Four-fifih Parts of the Money then due on Security of the said Tolls; but no such Alteration shall be made unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing shall be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and also inserted in One or more of the York Newspapers, and One or more of the Newcastle Newspapers.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be

liable to pay Toll more than Once at any One Toll Gate or Turnpike cinceaD*/. to be erected by virtue of this Act, for passing and repairing at any Time or Times in any One Day, (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike, (except as herein is excepted); but that all and every Person and Persons having paid Toll Once as aforesaid, and producing a

Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll, (which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to gise gratis on Receipt of the Toll),

shall

Nu nber of Tolls limited.

I

Exemptions from jfolj.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

shall afterwards pass and repass with the fame Horses, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages, Toll-free, during the same Day, through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike where such Toll was paid, except Horses, Oxen, or other Beads, drawing in Carriages laden with Copper, Iron, Lead, Coals, Cinders, Lime, Stones, Timber, or Trees, which shall not pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike oftener than Twice in the same Day, without paying the Toll by this Act imposed, for the Third and every other Time which they shall on the same Day pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike.

XVI. Provided always, That not more than One Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for passing and repalling the same Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages, through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act upon that Part of the said Road which shall lead or extend from the Town of Thirsk aforesaid to the Village of Ingleby Arncliffe aforesaid; and that no more than One Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons passing and repairing the same Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, through all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act upon that Part of the said Road which shall lead or extend from the Village of Ingleby Arncliffe aforesaid to the Bridge acrol's the River 'Tecs, at Tarm aforesaid; but that every Person having Once paid the Toll by this Act imposed, and producing a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment thereof, (which Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on the Receipt of such Tolls), shall pass and repass with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, Toll-free, during such Day, through all the other Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected in and upon such several Parts or Divisions of the said Road as last aforesaid, (save and except Horses, Cattle, or Beasts, drawing in Carriages laden with Copper, Iron, Lead, Coals, Cinders, Lime Stones, or Timber, which shall not pass through the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected upon the fame several Parrs or Divillons of the said Roads oftener than Twice in the same Day, without again paying the Toll by this Act imposed as herein-before mentioned).

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Ox, or other Beast, drawing in any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Trees, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Road, or any Bridge thereon, or any of the Highways, in the several Parishes, Townships, or Districts, through which the said Road shall pass, or Hay, Corn in the Straw, or other Produce of Lands, lying within the respective Parishes, Townships, or Districts aforesaid, to be laid up, used, or consumed in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards of or belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the fame several Parishes, Townships, or Districts, or Lime or other Manure to be used for the Improvement of Lands lying within any of the fame Parishes, Town-ships, or Districts, and belonging to any Person or Persons who shall regularly perform his, her, or their Statute Duty, upon the said Road hereby directed to be repaired, nor when returning unladen, after carrying or conveying any such Materials} nor shall any of the Tolls hereby

granted.

17

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

granted, be demanded or taken for any Horse, Ox, or other Bead, drawing or not drawing, and employed in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry only, belonging to the respective Inhabitants of the fame Parishes, Townships, or DiilriCls, who shall regularly perform their Stature Duty upon the said Road; nor for any Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Cattle, when going to or returning from being {hod or farried, or from Work in cultivating the Lands or Grounds within the same Parishes, Townships, or Districts, or going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, provided that such lad mentioned Exemption shall only extend to such Cattle as shall be driven to and from Water or Pasture from One Parish to the next adjoining Parish, or to such Cattle as shall not pass upon the fame Road more than Two Miles in going to or returning from Water or Pasture; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken for any Horse, Ox, or other Beall, which shall only cross such Road and shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon; or when carrying or conveying any Person or Persons redding in the fame Parishes, Townships, or Districts, who shall pass on Sundays, or on any other Days on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated, through any of the said Turnpikes, to or from Church, Chapel, or any other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law; or when going to or returning from, the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the fame Parishes, Townships, or Districts; nor for any Horses or Carriages which shall be employed in conveying any Mail or Packet made up under the Authority or Direction of His Majesty's Postmaster General, or his Deputies; nor for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or carrying any wounded, lick, ordifabled Officers or Soldiers, or returning empty after having been so employed, provided such Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, shall return within the same Day; nor for any Horses, Carts, or Carriages employed only in carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Palfes; nor for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing or not drawing, carrying or conveying any Elector or Electors to or from an Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of York; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, or of any other of the Exemptions from Toll herein contained, not being entitled to the fame, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor Iefs than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, pass through any Land or Ground within the Distance of One Mile from any Toll Gate or Turnpike, which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, the fame not being a publick Road; or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground, shall knowingly permit or suffer any other Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, or Beall, to pass through the fame, whereby Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part tr PaTts thereof, shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person (other than a Colder. Cs’ Per.] E ’ lector

To prevent

evading the Tolls.

i8 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

lector of the said Tolls), any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by a Collector of the said Tolls, or shall forge or counterfeit any such Ticket, or shall forcibly pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike as aforesaid, with any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, or shall at any Time or Times take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Road, any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof; or with such Intent shall unload any Goods from any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted; One Moiety whereof shall be for the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein-after directed.

*"o'VCr °J

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said CrU Trustees, from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree, for any Term not exceeding One Year, at any One Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, or Didrids, to or through which the said Road leads, and who shall duly perform their Statute Work upon the fame, for the passing of their Horses or Cattle through all or any of such Toll Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid.

Power to lease

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the roils. Trustees, or any Five or more of them, after giving Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes erected across the said Road, and to be inserted in One or more of the York Newspapers, from Time to Time to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the bed Rent or Price that can reasonably be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times and in such Manner, and with, under, and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, and taking such other sufficient Security for Payment of the Rents to be reserved by and for the Performance of the Covenants to be contained in such Lease or Leases, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit.

Powtr

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be

ToiiGjtis! lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall have been eieded in, upon, or across or on the Sides of the said Road, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across or on the Side of such other Part or Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct; but none of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall be removed as aforesaid, unless Twenty Days previous

19

43° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 2.

previous Notice of the Intention to remove the fame, shall have been affixed, in Writing, upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and inserted in One or more of the Toil: Newspapers.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall empower the said Trustees, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, to erect any Turnpike or Toll Gate across or on the Sides of the said Road between the Market Cross of the Town of Thirsk aforesaid, and the South End of the Village of Borrowby aforesaid, nor between the South End of the Village of Crathorne aforesaid, and the Bridge across the River Tees at Tarm aforesaid, nor across any Part of the said Road between the Village or Place called Ingleby Cross and the publick Highway nearest to the said Village, which leads from the Road by this Act directed to be repaired to the Town of Northallerton^ by, through, or near to the Village of Winton.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Interest, and Property of and in all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, which shall be erected and provided in pursuance of this Act, with the several Conveniencies and Appurtenances thereunto belonging respectively, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Materials, Matters, and Things which shall be purchased or provided for the Purposes of this Act, shall be vested in the Clerk or Clerks and Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to fell, assign, transfer, apply, and dispose of the same as Occasion shall require, and as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and under the like Order, Direction, and Appointment of the said Trustees, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer and prosecute any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, steal, take, or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, or damage any of the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, or any of the Conveniencies or Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Matters, or Things aforesaid, or any new Fences which shall be made and repaired by the said Trustees, or who shall do any Act to hinder or obstruct any Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the several Persons who have become Subscribers or who shall become Subscribers towards the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, or any of them, shall, after Twenty Days previous Notice in Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Road for that Purpose to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to make Payment of the respective Sums by him or them so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to bring or cause to be brought any Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, or Suit, against any Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Pleas or Court of Chancery of the County

Palatine

No To!l Gate >0 be etected in particular Situations.

Toll Houses &c. velted in the Clerk and Treasurer.

For recovering the Sub-feriptiunsi

20 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Palatine of Durham, wherein no Effbign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and on Proof of such Person or Persons having so subscribed or agreed to subscribe, and ol such Notice being given as aforesaid, such respective Sum or Sums so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or so much thereof as shall be required to be paid in such Noticp, shall be ,recovered with lull Colls of Suit.

Ui°' M nt"I>n ^XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Paid Sjcurity of V Trustees, at any of their Meetings, to borrow and take up at IriterefJ:, tke loirs. upon the Credit of the Tolls to arise by virtue of this Act, any Sum of Sums of Money which they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; provided that no Money shall be borrowed after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall be affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes theil erected across the said Road, and also published in One or more of the York Newspapers, and also in One or more of the Newdaflle Newspapers; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to assign or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities to any such Subscriber or Subscribers as aforesaid, or other Person or Persons who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Money so to be advanced with Interest for the fame; which Writing or Writings may be made in the Form or in Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say).

Form of the 4 r>Y virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-third Year of Senility. , J-> tjje Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here fct forth the Title of the AhfJ, We

4 of the Trustees for putting the said Act into

4 Execution, in Consideratkm of the Sum of

paid by A.B. of to the

4 Treasurer of the said Road, do hereby bargain, fell, and assign unto the said A.B. such Proportion of the Tolls to arise upon the said Road, as the Sum of , doth or shall

bear to the whole Sum now due or hereafter to become due on the Security thereof, to hold the fame unto the said A.B. his Executors, 4 Administrators, and Assigns, from the Day of the Date hereof, for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be

sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord

eniCT«|t0l'e ^nd P*es Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books

cmcic ‘ to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, which Book or Books may at all seasonable Times be perused and in-m?°y tfelranf- speded without Fee or Reward; and it shall be lawful for all and every tcneii. Person and Persons to whom any Mortgage or Security shall be made as aforesaid, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators respectively, by Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, to assign and transfer his, her, and their Righf, Title, and Interest, in and to such Mortgage or Security, and the Principal Money and Interest secured

thereby.

21

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

thereby, to any other Person or Persons; which Alignment and Transfer may be made in the Form or in Words to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. of or I C.D. of Form of

Executor or Administrator of A.B. late of Transfer,

for otherwise as the Case may happen to be], in Consideration of the Sum e of to me paid by E. F. of

do hereby assign and transfer unto the said E. F. his Executors, Ad-

ministrators, and Assigns, a certain Mortgage or Security bearing Date

‘ the Day of in the Year of

our Lord under the Hands and

‘ Seals of of the Trustees

‘ for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-‘ third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

[Here Jet forth the Title of the Act], with all my Right and Title to the

Principal Sum of thereby secured, and

all Interest now due and hereafter to grow due thereon. Dated this

Day of in the Year of our

‘ Lord

Which Transfer shall be produced to the said Clerk or Treasurer, within Transfers to Three Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall be entered, enter the fame in the Book or Books last mentioned, for which Entry the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more shall be paid; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of such Mortgage or Security; and every such Mortgage or Security may be again assigned and transferred in like Manner, and so from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall require; and it shall not be in the Power of any other than the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last assigned as aforesaid, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage or Security so transferred as aforesaid, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Security shall be made as aforesaid, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall, in Proportion to the Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their respective Securities.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons Probates of shall, in right or by virtue of his or her Marriage, become entitled to any certificates of Sum or Sums of Money due on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls hereby Marriages to granted, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of the Regiller of such Marriage, JhTc"C k* shall be made before a judge of One of His Majesty's Courts of Record and entexed.’ at Westminster, or a Justice of the Court of Pleas at Durham, or before a Mailer in Chancery in England, or One of the Judges of the Court of Sessions in Scotland, or a Magistrate or Baillie of some Corporate Town, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Road, who shall make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept for entering Copies of such Mortgages and Transfers as aforesaid; and furh Clerk shall, upon the Appli-{JLcc. £sf Per.] B cation

22 . 43° GEORGII III. Cup. 2.

cation of the Person or Persons entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money due on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls hereby granted, give and deliver to him, her, or them a Certificate of such Entry; and where any Person or Persons shall, as Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators of any Person deceased, become entitled to any such Sum or Sums of Money as last aforesaid, the Probate of the Will or Testa-xnentary Instrument or Letters of Administration under which such Persons shall be so entitled, shall be produced and shewn to the Clerk of the said Road, who shall enter the fame, and grant a Certificate thereof in Manner aforesaid, for which Entry and Certificate respectively the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the said Clerk.

App'icationcf

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall

the Monty. arise ancj be produced by Subscripcions as aforesaid, and from the Tolls by this Act granted, together with the Monies which shall from Time to Time be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; that is to say, in the First Place in Payment of the Colts, Charges, and Expences of preparing and passing this Act; in the Second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several Principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on the several Mortgages or Securities made in pursuance of this Act; in the Third Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and of making, forming, repairing, widening, and altering the said Road, and purchasing Lands for those Purposes, and of erecting and maintaining necessary and convenient Bridges upon the said Road, and of executing the several other Powers and Purposes of this Act; and laltly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several Principal Sums for the Time being due on such Mortgages or Securities as aforesaid.

Appointing

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Officers. a Trustees, by Writing under their respective Hands to appoint One or more Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary; and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on the Removal, Death; or Resigna-tion of any of them, to appoint others in their Stead (provided that no Person, being a menial Servant of any Trustee, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit or Trust under this Act); and the said Trustees are hereby authorized to allow and pay to the several Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries and Allowances for their Trouble, Labour, and Service, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true, exact, and

perfect

23

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

perfeS Accounts in Writing under their Hands upon Oath (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer), of all Monies which they respectively shall have received to that Time by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to give such Account, or to produce or deliver up such Vouchers as aforesaid, or to verify such Account upon Oath, or to pay the Money due upon such Account in Manner aforesaid, or to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or her Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act; in every or any of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Person so making Default shall be or reside, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Two or more of the said Trustees, to make Enquiry concerning such Refusal, Default, or Neglect, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves respectively, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices, or either of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward),; and if any such Officer or Person shall be conviSed of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justices shall upon such Conviction commit him or her to the Common Gaol or House of CorreSion of the same County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall have given and made a true and perfeS Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or ffie shall have compounded and agreed with the said Truf. tees (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make), or until he or (lie shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees; provided that no Person shall be so committed as last aforesaid for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, or Absence of any Collector of the Tolls, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting appointed in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Place or Stead of such Collector as shall so die, become incapable;, or absent himself.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required, to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver and Receivers, ColieSor and Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and from any other Officers to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the First Nomination and Appointment of any Officers in pursuance of this Act,

no

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors in certain Cases.

Treasurer to give Security.

Trustees who have not acted in the preceding

24

Year, not to vote on the Election of Officer*.

Surveyor mi; get Materials for the Road.

Materials not to he taken from inclosed Grounds, without an Order from the Trustees or T *o Justices.

4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

ho Trustee shall be capable of voting or acting in any future Nomination or Appointment of any such Officer or Officers, upon Death or any other Vacancy, unless such Trustee shall have acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act at least Once within a Year preceding the Time that such Vacancy shall happen, the only Evidence whereof shall be his having signed the Order Book of the said Trustees.

f XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the said Road, and such other Person or Personsas Ihallbe employed by such Surveyor, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making, forming, and repairing the said Road, Toll Houses, and Bridges, in, upon, out of, and from any Waste Grounds, Commons, Common Quarries, Rivers, or Brooks, in any Parish, Township, or District, within or near where to the said Road pafles, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or Efficiently fencing off such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and in case such Materials cannot conveniently be had in such Waste Grounds, Commons, Quarries, Rivers, or Brooks as aforesaid, then to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away, any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, out of, or from and over any other Lands, Grounds, and Quarries, (except as herein-after is mentioned), making such Compensation and Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, and Quarries, where, through, and from whence, the same shall be digged, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over which any Materials gotten in any Waste Ground, Common, Common Quarry, River, or Brook shall be conveyed, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable.

XXXIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, or carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, in or from any inclosed or private Lands, Grounds, or Quarries, until after Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, signed by the said Surveyor, or some other Officer of the said Trustees, shall have been given to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds from which such Materials are intended to be taken or left at the ul'ual Place of Residence of such Owners or Occupiers respectively, requiring them to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the Nortly Riding of the County of York, at a certain Time and I'lace to be specified in such Notice, to lhow cause why such Materials should not be taken away; and such Trustees or Justices, after hearing the Parties concerned, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Officer to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as to such Trustees or Justices shall seem proper-, or if such respective Owners or Occupiers shall not by themselves or their respective Agents attend pursuant to such Notice, such Trustees or Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, in the same Manner as if such respective Owners or Occupiers had attended pursuant to such Notice.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 25

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penaityon shall take or carry away any Materials which shall have been digged or gathered for the Purpose of making or amending the said Road, or shall

get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days, (except the Owners or Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owners or Occupiers who may get Materials therein for their own Use only, and not for the Use of any other Highway, or for Sale), every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Dung, A flies, Comport, For prevent. Manure, or other Thing, shall be unladen and laid down upon any

Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, nearer to the Side of the said Road sidrsof the than the Dirtance of Thirty Feet, upon Pain that every Person so offend- Roa‘ls-ing, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ride

upon any Footway adjoining the said Road, or shall lead or drive any footways, ate. Horse, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage, on any such Footway, or shall cause any Damage to be done thereto, or shall put or turn any Horse, Afs, Swine, or other Beart or Cattle of any Kind, into or upon the said Road or the Sides thereof; or if any Person shall leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, in or upon the said Road or the Side thereof, either with or without any Horse or Beart of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto (except in Case of Accidents), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence Ten Shillings, and for the Second and any subsequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyors may said Surveyor, and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint from Time remoVtf Auto Time, to remove and prevent all Nuisances and Annoyances on any noysnc£a‘ Part or Parts of the said Road, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Saw Pits,

or other Pits, Arties, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise, and also to divert or turn any Watercourses, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains, running into the same to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse, deepen and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Watercourse adjoining or near to any Part of the said Road, and also to cut down, top, or lop any Trees, Branches, or Bullies growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges, Fences, Banks, or Grounds adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds where such Annoyances shall happen to be shall neglect so to do for Ten Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hand of such Surveyor; and the Charges thereof respectively (being settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor from Time to Time by such respective Owners or Occupiers so neglecting [lee. £s? Per.'] G as

26 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2,

as aforesaid; and in case such Charges shall not be paid on Demaftd, the! fame shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, by this Act authorized to be imposed are hereinafter directed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any such Nuisances and Annoyances as aforesaid, any Person shall offend again in like Manner, every Person so offending again, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shil-v lings.

Surveyor cm.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the mov'*T'tda-n'" fa’d Surveyor, and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, from Time obftmitions to Time, without giving any previous Notice, to remove all such Earth, without No- Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Things, as shall suddenly Aide, fall, or be blown down from any Hedge, Bank, or Land, into or upon any Part of the said Road, so as to narrow or obstrud the Passage along the fame; and to carry and place the fame on any Waste Ground near thereto, so as to be no Annoyance to Travellers; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things, shall so Aide or fall, or be blown down as aforesaid; and the Charges of carrying away the fame (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are hereby directed to be recovered.

Surveyor

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Cuukway* Laid Surveyor, and any other Person or Persons by Cider of the said and Drains. Trustees, to cut and make Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses, in, upon, and on the Sides of the said Road, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, and to erect, rebuild, and keep in Repair Bridges and Arches upon the said Road, and across any such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse as aforesaid, and to make sufficient Barriers and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the said Road, in order to prevent the fame front being flooded or overflowed with Water, as the said Surveyor shall judge necessary; and also to make or cause to be made any temporary Road or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road, except as herein-after is mentioned, to be made use of as a Road whilst the old Road shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Travellers, making such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds so to be used, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall fuitain thereby, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable.

Pv’wer to

XL. And whereas several Parts of the Road herein-before described

or alter the" are not of sufficient Width, other Parts thereof are circuitous, and may Roids, by. be considerably shortened, and other Parts thereof pass over Hills which may be avoided; for Remedy of which Inconveniencies, and for enabling the said Trustees to make and complete the said Road, by opening a new and convenient Carriage Road through any private or inclosed Lands or Grounds lying in or near to the Line of the Road herein-before described,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2* 27

scribed, be it Further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, at any Time or Times, to widen the said Road, and to divert, turn, or alter the Course or Direction of any Part or Parts thereof, and to make a new and convenient Carriage Road through or over any Moor or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and also through or over any private Lands or Tenements, (except as hereafter is mentioned) first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damages they may thereby sustain; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any private Lands or Tenements for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage which such Owners and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may anyways sustain by making, widening, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the said Road; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feof- to fsii.0 ’ fees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and other I ruf-tees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Coverts,

Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Tenements, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to fell to them all or any of such Lands or Tenements as Occasion shall require; and all Contracts and Sales so made shall, without any Conveyance or Assurance in the Law, be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole,

Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall'do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and if any of such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Tenements, upon Notice in Writing by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road to him, her, or them given or left at the respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Tenements so to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Road, or into which any Part or Parts of such Road are or is to be turned or altered as aforesaid, shall, by the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said Trustees shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the North Riding of the County of York (which Oaths any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested for or on Account of the taking of such Lands or Tenements into the said Road, or of turning any Part or Parts of such Road into the fame Lands or Tenements; and in order 7 thereto

2 S

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

thereto the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises, (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in Question, if there be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damages, Recompence, and Satisfaction, the said Trustees shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or Occupiers of, or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Tenements, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition and Order so had and made shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming any Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives, or Years in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators. Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, and under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to iGTue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of York, or in case such She-rilF or his Deputy or Deputies shall be anyways interested in the Matter in Question, then to some One of the Coroners of the same County, not interested therein, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to empannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four ho-nest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for. Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, is and are hereby required to empannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly; and out of the Persons so empanneled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, shall ieturn other ho-nest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured, to attend that Service, (being qualified as last aforesaid), to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Trustees acting in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, or such Coroner, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury and shall not appear, unless prevented by Sickness or other sufficient Cause, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or on being so sworn, refuting.

to

29

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neg-Jeding their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, provided that any such Fine shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, and the Sum of Five Pounds upon any other Person for any One Offence.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, Recom* pence, and Satisfaction, which shall be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to ac* cept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Road for the Use of such Parties or Persons; and after Ten Days Notice thereof to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, all Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested in such Lands or Grounds, shall thenceforth be diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and such Lands or Grounds shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced and set out for that Purpose, and shall thenceforth to all Intent* and Purposes whatsoever, become and for ever afterwards be a common Highway, and shall be deemed Part of the Road to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired accordingly; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands constituting the former Road, or any Part thereof, unless leading over some Moor or Waste Ground, or to some Town, Village, or Hamlet, to which such new Road doth not lead, shall be verted in the Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road for the Time being; and he and they is and are hereby empowered to sell the same, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct or appoint; and in’case of any such Sale, after Payment of the Purchase Money for the Lands so fold, and upon proper Receipts being signed or given for the fame by the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being of the said Road, the Lands so sold as aforesaid respectively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof respectively, shall be verted in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so sold as aforesaid, without any Conveyance or Assurance in the Law whatsoever.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatfnothiag in this Act contained shall empower the said Trustees, or japy other Person or Persons, to pull down or damage any Dwelling Tloufe or other Building, or to take away or damage any Ground, having been used as a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, or Avenue to a House or Plantation, or Nursery of Trees, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months then last past, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of every such Dwelling House or other Building, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, Avenue, or Plantation or Nursery of Trees respectively, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, under their respective Hands for that Purpose first had and obtained (other than and except the several Dwel-[Loc. & Per.] H ling

How the Purchase Money is to be paid.

Dwelling Houses, Gardens. etc. not to be damaged.

Road* difoon-turned not to be repaired.

Application of Compenfa. tion when amounting to a* ©/.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

ling Houses situate in the Town Street of Tarm aforesaid, near the South End of Tarm Bridge, belonging to Francis Gibson, George Blades, Sir George Wombivell Baronet, John Lynas, Joseph Robinson, and Philip Hodgson respectively, with the Gardens, Yards, and other Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, which it shall be lawful for the said Trullees to purchase without any such Consent as aforesaid; but adequate Compensation shall be made by the said Trustees to the respective Owners of such of the said Dwelling Houses and Tenements as shall be taken for the Purposes of this Act; which Compensation shall be ascertained and paid in such Manner as is herein-before provided in that Behalf.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the ancient or former Road over any Moor or Waste Grounds, shall by virtue of this Act be turned or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Parish, Township, or Hamlet, wherein the ancient or former Road which shall thereby be left or discontinued lieth, shall not be obliged to repair such ancient or former Road, unless the fame leads to some Town, Village, or Hamlet, with which che new Road doth not communicate.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or a(Te(Ted to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uled by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Tw'o hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments), in the Putchale of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, aflefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or aftefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid. Rood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efteft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid,

the.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2. 31

the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here- Compeniatio* ditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be-, ,isJ>*[3a,^n longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability exceed* to u or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain., the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Application Money so agreed or assessed to be paid, as herein-before mentioned, shall Monty*., icf* be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be than jot. applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respective!}'.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said New Road Trustees shall widen, turn, or alter any Part or Parts of the said Road, by th/"* or make any new Road over and through any inclosed Lands or Grounds, Trustee*. the said Trustees shall make, or cause to be made, proper Walls or Quick-set Fences where necessary, as the Case shall require, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches where necessary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep the Quickset Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair for the Term ot bix Years from the Time that such Quickset Fences shall have been made or planted.

32 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2,

chargeable to

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any the Repairs of particular Part or Parts of the said Road, or dny Bridges, Arches, Drains, Brief esTo Sewers, or Watercourses, lying in and upon the fame Road, have been continue so. accustomed or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the North Riding of the said County of York, or any Ward, Parish, or Townflrip therein or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part and Parts of the said Road, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, $ewers, and Watercourses shall from Time to Tittle be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, County,1 Wards, Parishes, br ToWnlhfps respectively, and in such Manner, is the fame ought to hate beetrrespectively maintained and kept in Repair in case

this Act had not befep made. ' f

1 ua rt »' " iti.Lj'isH or.) .* ei v, I 5.. A o: l.ti’n"' ’ 1

to*be am-U*>r

XLIX. Provided always, ind be it further enacted, That all Persons? tinned. by Law chargeable towards repairing ajiy Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges thereon, shall still femam lb chargeable, and shall do their respective Statute; and other Work in or upon the said Road and the Other Highways of the Parishes, Tbwnships, or Districts, in which the said Road lies, in like Manner as before the passing of this Act, (subject fievertheless to the Regulations herein-after expressed concerning the same); and where any old Road shall be discontinued by virtue of this Act, such Statute and other Work shall be performed upon the new Road made in lieu thereof.

How the L. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute

fhaMbe sppor- Work ought to be performed on the said Road by the Inhabitants of the tiuned. several Parishes, ToWnlbips, and Diflrrcls through which the said Road palfes, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Two them, being acting J.ustices of the Peace for the North Riding of the County of York, from Time to Time to adjudge and order tyhat Part of the Statute Work shall be done in or upon the Road hereby directed to be repaired, and for what Space of Time, and in what Manner the same shall be done upon such Road by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes, Townships, or Districts, in or through which the said Road shall pass.

For regulating

LI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the for Jiance Highways in all the Parishes, Townships, and Districts through which the

thereof. said Road palfes, shall yearly and every Year, within Ten Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing by the Surveyor, Clerk, or Treasurer of the said Road, in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of Two or more of the said Trustees, being acting Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, give and deliver to the Person making such Demand a true and exact Lift or Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Christian and Surname of every Person in their said Respective Parishes, Townships, and Districts, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Road in such Parishes, Townships, and Distrifls, and shall set forth and specify in such Lift what each Person is respectively chargeable with for and towards the fame; and such respective Parish or Township Surveyors, within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said

33

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

said Turnpike Surveyor, of the Time or Tknes when and where and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid are to perform their respective Statute or Days Works, shall summon or give Notice thereof, in the Mode prescribed by Law, to the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refuse to do as he and they is and are hereby required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorrect or imperfect Lifts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Road, shall, after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to fend their respective Teams, Draughts, Carts, or Wains furnished with Labourers, Oxen, or Horses, according to the Custom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform such their respective Days Works upon the said Road, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain shall be wanting, or shall not be duly employed in that Service; and if any Person or Persons who shall be sent with any Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by the said Turnpike Surveyor, he is hereby authorized and required to discharge and dismiss every such Person or Persons so found idle or negligent, and it shall be deemed as if such Team, Wain, Draught, or Cart had not been sent to work on the said Road, and the same Sum shall be accordingly forfeited and paid; and if any Statute Work shall not be performed within the Year in which the fame is due, the same shall be performed in the Course of the succeeding Year.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any of their Meetings, by Writing under their Hands, to summon all, every, or any of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, of all, every, or any of the Parishes, Townships, or Places (the Inhabitants whereof are liable to perform Statute Work on the said Road), to appear before the said Trustees, at any of their subsequent Meetings, and then to deliver in to them a full, true, and just Account in Writing, of all Sums of Money by them respectively received, for, in lieu of, or by way of Composition for Statute Work, in their several and respective Parishes, Townships, or Places (which Account shall be verified upon Oath, if the said Trustees shall require the fame); and in case the Person or Persons so summoned shall neglect to appear at the Time and Place therein appointed, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such Account as aforesaid, or if required to verify the fame upon Oath, or to pay to the Treasurer of the said Road, or as the said Trustees shall direct, within Five Days from the Time of producing the said Account, or whereon the fame ought to have been produced, such proportionable Part of all such Composition Money as such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them, shall have received, or without their wilful Neglect or Default might have received, that then in all or any of the said Cases the Person or Persons so offending shall for every separate Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to compound and agree, by the Year or otherwise, with the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or [Lee. £s* Per.] I Hereditaments,

How Trusteet

may compel Surveyors of Highways to account for Composition Money.

Statute and other Work may be compounded for.

34

For recovering the Competition Monies.

How Surveyors of the Highways are lo be i-eim burled, and Composition Money paid by them.

Trustees may contrail for Repairs.

43° GEORGII III; Cap. 2.

Hereditaments, or other Persons, Bodies Politick, or Corporate, liable or chargeable with or towards thfe Repair of any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses lying in and upon the fame, for the Performance of Statute Work thereon, for the Payment of a Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of such Repairs and Statute Work respectively; and also for the respective Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, and Districts through which the said Road pafles, to compound and agree, by the Year or otherwise, with the said Trustees, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, and Dif-tridU, upon any Part or Parts of the said Road.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Money agreed’to be paid for passing through any Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or in lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Composition Money respectively, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the North Riding of the County of York, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money (Oath having been first made before such Trustees, or such Justice or justices, that the fame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath they are hereby respectively empowered to administer), to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons having l'o compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Composition Money and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways who shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom the same shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the Composition Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways and Means and in such Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, raising, widening, and repairing the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or tiny Arches or Bridges upon the fame, and for doing any other Work by this Act authorized to be done, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and also to contract with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Payment of any annual Sum or Sums in gross, as a Compensation or Satisfaction for any Loss, Injury, or Damage which he. Hie, or they shall or may sustain, by carrying this Act into Execution; and all Contradts in Writing for any of the Purposes aforesaid, which shall be entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees shall be binding to all Parties who shall sign the fame, his.

35

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cods recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause the said Road to be measured, and Milestones or Pods to be set up, and from Time to Time renewed on the Sides thereof respectively, with Inscriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Didance of Places, and also proper Direction Pods where any other Roads lead out of or into the said Road; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull down, destroy, or damage any of the Stones or Pods which shall be lb fixed or set up, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions or Letters which shall be engraven or made thereon, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted. ..tr.i , A.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall haul or draw, Or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, excepting only on crossing the fame, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act. imposed or authorized to be iniposed (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise particularly directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences and Conviction of the Offenders respectively before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or District wherein such Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath gratis); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduced, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines (if not otherwise directed by this Act), shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, Riding, or District, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties,

Forfeitures,

Mile Stores am! Direction Pods to be erected.

Penalty on hauling Timber or Stones on the Road,

How Penalties and Forfeit-uresare to he recovered and applied.

form of Con Ti&ion.

Appe»l to the Quarter Sessions.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LX. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this A Cl, be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or in Words to the Effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be:

yorl^.vi<,in81 RE it remembered. That on [Time of Conviction] at [Place

to°wit.,re’ 5 of Conviction] A.B. [Name of Offender] of [Addition of

Offender] was duly convicted before me [or us] [Name and Style of con-‘ vidiing Justice or Justices'] for that the said A.B. [Name of Offender ] on

[Time of committing Offence] at [Place of committing Offence] did [here ‘ ft ate the Offence against the Act, according to the Fact] contrary to the ‘ Form of the Statute made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of ‘ this Act]]: And 1 [or we] do therefore declare and adjudge that the said A.B. [Name of Offender] has forfeited for the said Offence the Sum of [Fine] or shall be committed to [Place of Imprisonment] for the Space ‘ of [Time of Imprisonment.] Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our

Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above written.’

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Relief hath been herein-before provided (save and except the Verdict of the Jury, and any Determination, Proceeding, Matter, or Thing herein-before directed to be final), such Person or Persons may within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the North Riding of the County of York, such Appellant or Appellants first giving, or causing to be given Ten Days Notice in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the Justices at such Quarter Session, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, by such Justices; and the Justices at their said Sessions, on due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed in, hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as they shall think proper, and their Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all OrcUrs and Proceedings of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the fame Number of Trustees as are empowered to make or direct the fame, and 2 shall

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

shall then be deemed original Orders and Proceedings; which Book or Books, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Transfers, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and before all Justices and other Persons having Jurisdiction in the Premises.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing which shall be done against or Jby virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trullees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action; and every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall have been given to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Fast being committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County of York, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall or may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Expiration of the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared,' or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases by Law.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, and continue in force until the Fourth Day of January One thousand eight {hoc. & Per.~\ ‘ K hundred

37

Books to be Evidence.

Trustees may tue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer.

Limitation of Actioni.

Commencement and Continuance of the Ait.

3»

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2

[Publick Act.]

hundred and twenty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and

taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being pleaded specially.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 3;

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Befles of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Befles of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot-Lane, in the Township of Prestwich, all in the County Palatme of Lancaster; so far as the fame relates to a certain District of Road therein described, called The Manchester DiJlriEl.

[29th December 1802.]

ILoc. & Peri]

L

WHEREAS

42

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

3* Gao. 3.

Act continued.

Repealing former Tolls and granting new ones.

Tolls.

WIIERF.AS an Act was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of HiS'pfefent Majesty, intituled, sin Act for more effechtdtly repairing, widening, Altering, and improving the Road from the down of Martcbtfter, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfall, to the down of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said Place, called The White Smithy, by a Place called Bedes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Bedes of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Slice p-foot-Lane, in the f 'oivnship of Preltwich, all in the Corny Palatine of Lancaster; whereby the said Road was divided into Three several Districts, and a certain Part thereof therein particularly described, was directrd to be called Abe Manchejltr District: And whereas the Trustees acting under and by virtue of the said Act, for the said Didrift, ha-’e proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and a condderable Progress hath been made in repaiting and improving the Roads within the said Didrift; but a considerable Slim of Money heretofore borrowed dill remaifis due and owing on tire Credit of die Tolls arising within the said Didrift, which cannot be paief off, nor can the said Didrift of Road be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as the fame relate to the said District, are continued and enlarged, and the Tolls arising on the said Didrift repealed and others granted indead thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), so far as the fame relate to the said District of Road, shall be and continue in full Force and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectuallyro all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and which shall, except as herein-after mentioned, commence! and take Effect upon the passing of this Act.

II. And whereas the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said District have been found inconvenient and insufficient; be it therefore enacted, That the said Tolls shall, from and after the Twenty-third Day of June next, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, and that instead thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at each and every of the Turnpike Gates and Toll Bars which have been or shall be erected or continued in, upon, or on the Side of the said Roads, comprized in the said District; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Calalh, Hearse, or other such like Carriage, with mote than Two Wheels,drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Threepence; and drawn by Four Horlesor 3eafts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Beast of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

For every Curricle, Chaise, Chair, Calafli, Hearse, or other such like Carriage, with Two Wheels drawn by Two or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead: of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For (fveiy Waggon or ether such like Four-wheel Carriage, with Wheel's of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Seven or Eight Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-penCe; and drawn by Four or fewer than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-: pence:

For every Waggon or other such like Four-wheel Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Four or by fewer than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon or other such like Four-wheel Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Cart or other such like Two-wheel Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Five Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling \ and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence \ and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beads of Diaughr, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Twopence:

For every Cart or other such likeTwo.wheel Carriage, with Wheels-of the Breadth of Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Four Hor/es or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by Three Horses or Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence-, and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Diaughr, the Sum of Twopence:

For every Cart or other such like Two-wheel Carriage with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Three Horses or Bealls of Draughr, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draughr, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Florfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And, for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said several Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, shall be collected, recovered, levied, lessened, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Regulations and Restrictions as to pading and returning through the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars at which the lame are to be collected and levied, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Reductions, as are

contained

44

The Eatfeand Child anMTbitt Smt/byGilet, continued at principal Gates.

If Road diverted, principal Gates to be removed at certain Detailed.

Further Reu-

la.io.i of Tolls at the Side Gates.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

contained in the said recited Act respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken in the said District, except only in the Cases herein otherwise directed and provided.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar erected and set up in pursuance of the said recited Act, between the Publick House, called or known by the Name of The Eagle and Child in Chetham and Smedley Lane End, as and for the principal Gate of the said District, and the Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar also erected and set up at a certain Place within the said District, called The While Smithy, across the Branches or Division of the said Roads there, (bail be, and the same are hereby declared to be continued as principal Gates, within and for the Use of the said District, and shall not be removed or removeable, except only in the Cases herein-after expressly provided , at each of which said principal Gates, and all'o at each and every of the Side Bars erected or to be erected within the said District, the several and respective Tolls above mentioned shall be demanded and taken, for the Purposes herein-after mentioned.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, any Diversion or Alteration of the Course or Path of the said Roads shall be made, whereby it shall, in the Judgement and Opinion of the Trustees acting in and for the said Martchester District, at a Meeting duly convened for that Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in One of the Manchester Newspapers, if any such shall be then printed, and affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates within the said District, become necessary to remove both or either of the said Turnpike Gates, so intended to be continued as principal Gates as aforesaid, from the Place or Places in which the fame respectively now stand as aforesaid, or to which the fame respectively may be removed under the Authority hereby provided for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the Trustees acting within and for the said District, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required, to remove such Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates respectively, to some convenient Place or Places in the new Course or Path of the said Road within the said District, which shall be in a right Line from the Place or Places in which the fame respectively now stand, or shall happen to stand immediately before such Diversion or Alteration shall be made, or within Forty Yards of such right Line, and not elsewhere , and such Gate so removed shall be deemed and taken to be One of the principal and permanent Gates within and for the said District.

V. Provided also, That no Person who shall have paid the Toll hereby granted for the passing of any Cattle or Carriage through the said principal or permanent Gates, or either of them, within the said District, shall be subject or liable the same Day to the Payment of any Toll at any of the Side Bars erected or to be erected within the said District, for the Onc« passing and returning of the fameCattle or Cariiage through the fame*, nor any Person who shall have paid the Toll at any of the Side Bars within the said District, for the passing of any Cattle or Carriage through the fame, be subject or liable the same Day to the Payment of any Toll at the prin-

S

45

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

ripal or permanent Gate immediately next to the said Side Bar at which he shall so have paid such Toll, for the Once passing and returning of the fame Cattle or Carriage through such principal or permanent Gate immediately next to the said Side Bar.

VI. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the said Twenty-third Day of June next, there shall be demanded and taken on each and every Sunday, during the Term hereby granted, at each and every of the Turnpike Gates and Toll Bars which have been or shall be erected or continued in, upon, or on the Side of the said Roads comprized in the said Dittrid, Double the Tolls hereby granted for and in rel'ped of the passing of any Cattle or Carriage through such respective Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar, which said Double Tolls shall becolleded, recovered, levied, leftened, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Regulations and Restrictions as to passing and returning through the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars at which the same are to becolleded and levied, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions and Restrictions as are contained in the said recited Act, respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken in the said District, except only in the Cases herein otherwise directed and provided.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden, or returning empty after having been laden, with Milk, Whey, Buttermilk, or Curds, for Sale; and every Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, going empty or unloaden for, and returning loaden only with, or returning empty or unloaden after having been loaden only with Dung, Lime, or other Manure, of what Nature or Kind soever, to be used in manuring or improving Lands situate within any Township through which any of the Roads mentioned in the said recited Act do lead, in case such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One All of Parliament, the general Laws now in being, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for ether Purposes, to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages of the same Kind respectively, and laden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Tolls thereby imposed, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted on passing any Turnpik^ Gate or Toll Bar erected,or to beereded or continued as aforesaid, any Thing in the said recited Act contained, or any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding $ and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Purposes of this Act, to order all such Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as by the said Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, is directed and provided for the weighing of Carnages laden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Tolls thereby imposed; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act contained, or any L.aw or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

\Lot. & Per.2 M VIII. And

Double Tolls on Sundays.

Hcrfel, etc. with

and Carriages of certain Weight with Manure* to pay Toll.

4-6

Manure, not overweight, to be exempt, in whatever Township or Place the fame is to be used.

Application tho Tolls.

The Tolls to be equal al both Gates.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Cattle, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, going empty or un-loaden for, and returning loaden only with, or returning empty or un-loaden after having been loaden only with Dung, Lime, or other Manure, of what Nature or Kind soever, to be used in manuring or improving Lands, in whatever Pa; i(h, Township, or Place the fame Lands shall be situate, except only in the Cafe where such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall be of greater Weighc than is allowed as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That as well all Monies and other Effects, which the Trustees under the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, or any of such Trustees acting, or who shall have acted, within and for the said Manchester Districr, or any Treasurer or other Person on their or his Behalf, are or is possessed of or entitled unto under and by virtue of the said Act, and also all Monies which shall or may be collected under the Powers or Authorities of this present Acr, shall be, by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting within and for the fame District, applied in the Manner herein-after mentioned, that is to say; the Expences of procuring and passing this Act, and all other incidental Charges relating thereto and attending the fame, shall be first paid and discharged; and after full Payment thereof, the Remainder of such Monies shall be chargeable with, and applied to the Payment and Discharge of, all such Sums of Money as were heretofore borrowed, under the Authority of Two former Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, respectively recited in the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, or either of the said former Acts, upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby respectively granted, or under the Authority of the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising or to be collected within the said Manchester District, and as are now due and owing upon the Credit of the fame last mentioned Tolls reflectively, together with the Interest of such Sums respectively, according to their respective Priorities*, and in the next Place to the Payment and Discharge of all such other Sums of Money as shall hereafter be borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted; and from and after full Payment thereof, and in the mean Time subject thereto, shall be applied in and towards the making, repairing, widening, and improving, the Roads within the said District, and the Purposes of this Act, and of the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, in regard to the fame District, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

X. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That when and *s often as any Alteration shall take Piace or be made in the Tolls to be collected and received at either of the said Turnpike Gates at The White Smithy, and between Smedley Lane End and The Ea^le-anA-Child in Chetbam aforesaid, or at any other Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, to be erected and set up in lieu thereof respectively, whether such Alteration be by reducing or raising the fame Tolls, a similar Alteration shall at the same Time take Place and be made in the Tolls to be collected and received at the other of the lame Turnpike Gates, so that at all Times during the

47

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

the Continuance of this Act, the Tolls collected and to be collected at One of the said Gates, shall be proportioned and equal to those collected and to be collected at the other of the said Gates.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, in order to obviate any Doubts Per obviating which n'ight otherwise be entertained in this Respect, the Person and Persons already elected since the passing of the said recited Act, by n'ew Trustees. the surviving or remaining Trustees of the said Manchester District, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, at any Meeting or Meetings called for that Purpose, by such Notice and Advertisement as the same Act requires in that Behalf, to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Room and Stead of such Trustee or Trustees, as were then deceased, or had refused to act; and also such other Person and Persons as shall be hereafter elected in like Manner, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, Trustees duly elected and appointed for putting the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, within and for the said Manchester District, and within and for that District only, and shall, together with the surviving and remaining Trustees named and appointed in and by the said recited Act, be the Trustees for putting the same Act and this Act into Execution, within and for the said District, with such and the like Powers, and subject to such and the like Regulations and Restrictions as by the said recited Act and this Act are respectively given and provided in that Behalf; and all Acts done and Orders made by the Person and Persons so elected Cnee the passing of the said recited Act, or any of them, as such Trustee or Trustees of and for the said District, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, as good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or would have been, in case such Person and Persons had been originally named and appointed a 'Prustee or Trustees in and by the said recited Act.

XII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act provided and enacted, Power to get that it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor and Surveyors, by Order pjai'd'*ande~ of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, afttng within each respect other Power tive District, to dig, search for, gather, and take away any Gravel, Furze,

Heath, Sand, Stones, or other Materials, for repairing the said Roads, out of any River or Brook, or out of any Waste or Common Ground?, in any Parish, Town, Village, or Hamlet, in or near which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, without paying any Thing for such Materials: And whereas it is expedient that the fame should be repealed; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as above mentioned, shall, lo far as the fame relates to the said District of Road be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed; and in lieu thereof, the Surveyor and Surveyors of and for the said District shall have and use such Powers and Authorities, and be subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as are in this Behalf given and provided in the general Highway and Turnpike Acts, and the Acts for amending the same respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person driving any Pigs Penalty on or Swine upon the said District of Road, shall luffVr the same to flop m»g’ngRo»Vi, therccn, or to root up and damage the fame or any Part thereof, or the

Banks

48 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Banks, Fences, Hedge Backings, or Cops on either Side thereof, every Person so offending and being convicted thereof, in the Manner mentioned in the said recited Act relative to Persons pulling up or defacing Mile Stones, or committing other Offences in or upon the said' Roads, shall be subject to the same Penalties, and the Powers and Remedies provided for the Recovery thereof, as are given and provided in and by the said recited Act, for Persons so pulling up or defacing Mile Stones, or committing other Offences in or upon the said Roads.

CWkscompe-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all and every Action or Suit tent ituei.es. roue}1 ing or concerning the said District of Road, the Clerk or Clerks to the Trustees of the said District of Road, shall, and he and they is and are hereby declared to be competent Witnesses for and on Behalf of the said Trustees, notwithstanding such Clerk or Clerks is or are the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants upon Record, in such Action or Suit.

Application of

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Mo^pe«fhenn aware'ec^ to t)e Pa*d for any Hands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-amounting6to chafed, taken., or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or »°0/. this Act, for the Purposes thereof, within the said District, which shall be-

long to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount 10 or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Pri-, vity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fumniary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hered timents, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; ur where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efifeft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Coure of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordertd by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and / annual

49

43° GEORGII 1M. Cap.

annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court* to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments put-chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabilicy or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancejy, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Three or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, acting within and for the said District, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Act shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine, so far as the fame relates to the said District of Road called The Manchester Disirifl, and that the said Act and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed, for the Purpose of amend-

[Loc. fc? Per.'} N ing,

Application where the Money does not amount td 200l. and shall exceed ao /.

Application where the Money is left than 10 /.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act:

50 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

ing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Districh of Road, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament (save and except with respect to the Tolls hereby granted, and the several Powers and Provisions relating to the Levying and Recovery thereof, which shall commence and take Effeifl from the said Twenty-third Day of June next).

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Str.chav, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1802.

(1 >: ao* s 1

hns OS ,fc33J. r;OK ! 10 9MH.

l»al. n > < 10

-c =-: i. in

9: iMJAftt v J . j

Am.:.* .

-hicmu tO s' - - It 5;

g:r:

rii

f but ijn- i oi belli) i i ,i i Trsrt

rt as ’.n ,..«!<: < 'arfv.uq of

01 ;".l l .1 V ill

ilc > ni id; ill ;i . ft hftiCl

miblSuO lSJ (I liiaui’ ‘nj ,15;1

i.»ol to a i ba& (]] ill

31 fljlt. > U." . ;!)t»f

' 'i die 'C io. Jil

iiiui Ji 2d ha A MX

L A tjjuyu

xhiV i* ji . 1 :»H} ft

W* ftA Ucl

r.nV\

GEORGII ILL REGIS.

C*9 W UK*<lHMt*

Cap. 4.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, severally passed in the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warm-well to the Church in the Parish of Ofmington, all in the County of Dorset.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Firfi: Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and Geo. 3. widening several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given to Trustees for amending and widening the several Roads described in the said Act, during the Term therein limited: And whereas by another Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign n c.c-o. 3. of His laid present Majesty, the said first; mentioned Act was continued for a further Term, and the Powers and Provisions of the said Two Acts were extended to the Road leading from the Parish of Warm-well, through the Parishes of Poxwell 3rd Ofmington, to the Church in the said Parish of Ofmington, in the said County of Dorset: And whereas the Trustees [Loc. Per.] 0 authorized

54

Former Acts continued.

Former Tolls to cease, and others granted in lieu thereof.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

auhtorized to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted or made payable; which still remain due, and the fame cannot be discharged, nor can the said Roadt be kept in sufficient Repair, unless the said Acts be continued for a further Term; and it is expedient that the Tolls and some of the Powers granted by the said former Acts should be varied and increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and all the Powers, Authorities, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained (except such of them as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, or as are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act, and as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), and all and every the Tolls, Powers, Authorities, Remedies, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Matters, and Things, contained in this Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect for and during the further Term herein-after mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Powers, Authorities, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things (except as aforesaid) were expressly inserted and enacted in the Body of this Act; which said further Term, and the Tolls hereby granted or made payable, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing from the7 said Trustees under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls granted and made payable in and by the said recited Acts or either of them, shall, from and after the Twenty-seventh Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, cease and be no longer payable; and that instead thereof the several Tolls herein-after mentioned shall be demanded and taken at the Toll Gates erected or to be erected before any Cattle or Carriages (upon which any Toll is hereby imposed) shall be permitted to pass through the fame; that is to say,

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Chaise, Curricle, Calash, Hearse, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast of Burden, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny;

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Flogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven pence Halfpenny per Score; and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number;

5

For

55

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and drawn by Eight Horses, Oxen, or other Beaffs of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Six or Seven Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four or Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Two or Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as aforesaid, and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling a Surface of that Breadth so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four or Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and rolling such flat or level Surface as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Florfes, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence.

Which said respective Tolls herein-before mentioned, shall be and are hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees for executing this Act for the Time being; and they, or any Seven or more of them, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for mortgaging, transferring, leafing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby

granted

56

Tolls may be varied.

Expences of the Act.

Power to borrow the further Sum of 100 ol. on Security of the Toils.

Application of Compensation when amounting to 100l.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

granted or made payable, and the same shall and may be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in the same Manner and Form as in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are given and expressed with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to lefien, vary, or alter all or any of the T oils hereby granted or made payable at alt or any of the T oil Gates or Turnpikes to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, and to cause the same to be collected in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they shall think fit; and to raise, vary, or alter the fame again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act made payable; and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Three-fourth Parts of the Money then due on Security of the said Tolls; but no such Alteration shall be made unless Ten Days previous Notice thereof in Writing shall be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Road.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Trustees out of the Monies now-remaining in their Hands, or which shall first come to their Hands, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to borrow, and take up at Interest for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One thousand Pounds, over and above the Principal Sum of Six thousand Pounds, now due on Security of the Tolls, and to demise or mortgage the Tolls by this Act granted for the Security of the Money so borrowed, in such Manner as by the said recited Acts, or either of them, is provided or mentioned with respect to the Money thereby authorized to be borrowed on Security of the Tolls thereby granted; provided that the Principal Money now due on Security of the said recited Acts, shall be paid in Preference and prior to the Payment of any Principal Money which shall be borrowed by virtue of this Act; any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or afifefled to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pofinds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court (to be signified byan Order madeuponja Petition to bepre-ferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments) in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts,

or

57

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize fobepaid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purports; or where such Money shall not befo applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect j and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Coure to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments

[Lee. & Per.} P so

Application when the Compensation is less than 200l. and exceeds 20 /.

Application when the Money if lets than ao/.

58 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the (Jfe and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Publick A3.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pubiiek Ad; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same,

commence- X. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by this Act, ment of the shall commence upon the said Twenty-seventh Day of September One thou-Act- sand eight hundred and three, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

( w

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»*4Mf*HMS 9$*

Cap. 5.

An Act to continue and enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridve, on the River Tees.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS, by Three Acts made in the Sixteenth and Twenty- and

second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George Geo. %. & the Second, and in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of Geo. ! His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-lridge, on the R.iver Tees (being One of the High Roads from London to Edinburgh', several Tolls arid Duties were granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given, for repairing the said Road; which laid Acts were to have Continuance for Three successive Terms of Years therein respectively mentioned: And whereas, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Acts, the Trustees appointed to put the fame in Execution have proceeded therein, and borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls anti Duties thereby granted. Part of \_Loc. & Per.]

62

Powers of former Arts continued.

Tolls to be taken in lieu of the Tolls granted by former Arts.

43° GEORGII irt. Cap. 5.

which (till remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually amended and kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Tolls and Powers granted by the said Acts be enlarged, and continued for a further Term: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, severally passed in the Sixteenth and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, and Provisions, therein contained (except such of them as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except so far as the same are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), and also this present Act, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, for and during the further Term herein, after mentioned; which said additional Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of ail Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts, or any of them, and of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and three, the several Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall cease, and be no longer paid; and that, in lieu thereof, there shall be demanded, received, and taken, from thenceforth during the Continuance of this Act, the several Tolls and Duties herein-after mentioned; that is to say.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calaflr, or Hearse, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Five Shillings and Four-pence; and for every such Carriage, drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four Shillings; and for every such Carriage, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence; and for every Chair, or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage (except when employed in carrying or conveying Coals or Cinders, and except Carriages having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof, of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or more, and so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly), drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sutn of Seven Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings and Four-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other

Beasts

63

4.3" GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and for every Cart or other Two-wheeled Carriage (exceptwhenemployed incarrying orconveying Coals or Cinders, and except Carriages having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or more, and so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating from the exterior Diameterthereof more than One Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly), drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence; and drawn by One Hcrfe, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Score, and in that Proportion for any greater or leis Number; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep', or Lambs, the Sum of Nine-pence per Score, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage (except Carriages having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or more, and so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof, more than One Sixth Part of iheBreadth of the Soleor Bottom of the Felly, when employed in carrying or conveying Coals or Cinders only, at any Time between the Thirtieth Day of April and the Thirty-fird Day of October, in every Year, drawn by Four or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught the Sum of Eight-pence; and Double those Tolls during the Remainder of the Year; and for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, whether employed in carrying or conveying Coals or Cinders, or in any other Manner, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or more, and so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, a Toll, or Sum of Money equal to One Half of the Toll or Sum of Money herein-before imposed or authorized, to be taken for the like Carriages with Wheels otherwise condrufted.

Which said Tolls and Duties in and by this Act granted and made payable as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees for the Time being, for carrying the said recited Acts, and this Act, into Execution, and shall be received and taken at the several Toll Bars erected or to be erected upon the said Road, in such Parts and Proportions, and shall be paid, levied, applied, disposed of, and assigned for such Uses and

Purposes,

64

Trustees may leffcotbeToiif.

and re-advance the same.

Trustees who have nota&ed a* such in Two Years, not to vote on the Election of any Officer.

Application of Compen fation when amounting to aoo/.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

Purposes, and in such Manner as the Tolls and Duties granted by the said recited Acts, or any of them, are thereby authorized and directed to be received, paid, levied, applied, disposed of, and assigned (except as by this Act is otherwise directed).

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees for the Time being, or any Seven or more of them, at any publick Meeting holden for the Execution of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time whenever they shall deem it expedient, to lessen and reduce the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, and again to advance the fame, so as every such Reduction be made with the Content of the Person or Persons entitled to Two Third Parts of the Money then due on Security of the said Tolls, and so as the fame do not at any Time exceed the Tolls and Duties hereby granted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Truffee shall be capable of voting for, or acting in the Nomination or Appointment of any Officer or Officers to succeed upon a Vacancy to any Office or Place of Trust, held under the Trustees of the said Road, unless such Trustee shall have acted as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, within the Space of Two Years next preceding such Vacancy.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Tuftees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall t e paid, under the Directionandwith the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, aftedting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (funding settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and

until

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

65

until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in h's Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Product of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so ^1l1'J’1|,cth"on agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, compenfa-purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity exceeds 101 as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall

exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Application Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall M0neyhis be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall left than be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time zo/' being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments

so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining coftsofthis

and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the first Monies to be raised Act to be first by virtue of the said recited Acts, and of this Act. paid'

\Loc. Its Per.]

R

66

Commencement and Continu ir.ce of the Act.

PuVick A5\

4.3* GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, shall commence upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall continue in Force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and the same shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other l’eifons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahak, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 6.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford called Gaol Gate, and from a certain Gate on the South Side of the said Borough called Green Gate, through the Towns of Dunston and Penkridge, to a Road called Streetway, in the Road to Wolverhamptoti, in the said County of Stafford.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Ml for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone, to Word (ley Green Gate, and from the West End of Billion Street in Wolverhampton, to the High Street oppofile the Old Bush in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt Tree near Duuley to Birmingham, and from the Market Croft in Wolverhampton to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick; whereby the said Roads were divided into Two separate Districts, One of which [_Loc. ft? Per.] S—T being

70

Acts further continued.

Additional Trustees.

I

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

being the Road which leads from the Town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford called Gaol Gate, and from a certain Gate on the South Side of the said Borough called Green Gate, through the Towns of Dunston and Penkridge, to a Road called Streetway, in the Road to Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford, was called, The First Di/lrift, and separate Trustees were appointed for each District: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts for the said First District of Road, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution within that District, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said First District, which (fill remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said District of Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said First District, be continued and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thar, from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act, the Term granted by the said recited Acts, so far as relate to the said First District of Road, shall be repealed; and that the said recited Acts, and the several Clauses, T0II9, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, therein contained (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties) so far as the fame relate to the said First District, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and together with this present Act shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term here.n-afeer mentioned, as fully and tffectually, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were herein particularly inserted, repeated, and re-enacted; and that this Act, and the Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or either of them, and this Act, with respect to the said First District, and of all Interest due or to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Anson, William An [on, George Anson, Samlroke Anson, John Delves Broughton, Henry Broughton Clerk, John Box, Sir John Chetwode, George Chetwynd junior, Edward Clarke junior, James Cramer, John Crockett, John Eld, Richard Eld, Jo-feph Elltrton Clerk, Thomas Fernyhough, George Godwin, Edward Groves, Sir John Heathcote, John Hodson, William Locker, Edward Monckton, junior, George Morckton, John Monckton, Henry Monckton, Philip Monckton, Claud Monckton, Robert Monckton, Hugh Monckton, Richard Marsh, Thomas Pcarfcn, William Perfhouse, Richard Slaney Clerk, John Stevenson Salt, Moreton Walhouse, John Walhouse, Eduard Whitby Clerk, and George Whitby (being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act), shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed in or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, with respect to the said First District of Road; and that the said several Persons herein-before named, together with those who were appointed or elected Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said recited Acts

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 71

and this Act, into Execution, with respect to the said First District, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application of awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments pur- Moneywher" chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts exceeding and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Cor- 100 A poration. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands,

Gtounds, or other Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purports, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid.

Hood settled or limited, or such of them, as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until I'uch Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold forthePur. poses aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Heredi- computation taments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- does not ex-ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or ceed*oo/. Incapacity, as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, "^,le 11 in and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments

72—76 4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

ments ib purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Inf ncy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing, under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accouncant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be figr.ified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

Money i's'iefi f° agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than 20/. than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then, to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons foentitled respectively.

theEx^ence* And ke further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex-

of this Act.'8 pences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer to the Trustees, for the Care of the said First District of Road, or out of the first Money which shall be colledied or received from the Tolls arising upon the said First District, or which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act.

PuMickAct. VII. ^ncj j,e it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Commencement, and Continuance of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the Twelfth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

m w

Cap. 7.

An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherly Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the River Tees, to IVinston, in the said County of Durham.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by Two Acts made in the First and Twenty-second 1 Uz Geo. -. Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherly Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the River Tees, to IVinston, in the said County of Durham, and for building a Bridge over the said River at or near IVinston Ford, several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given for amending and widening the said Roads, and for building the said Bridge; which said Acts were to have Continuance for Two successive Terms of Years therein respectively mentioned: And whereas by virtue [Loo. V Per.] U and

170

Powers of former AO s continued.

Tolls to be taken in lieu of the Tolls granted by former Acts.

430 txEORGII III. Cap. 7.

and in pursuance of the said recited Acts, the Trustees appointed to put the fame in Execution, have proceeded therein, and borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby gVanted; and the Money so borrowed {till remains due, and cannot be repajd, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, time Is the Tolls and Powers granttd by the said Acts be enlarged and continued for a further Term: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, severally passed in the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Exemptions, and Provisions therein contained (except such of them as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except so far as the same are hereby altered, varied, or repealed), and also this present Act, shall be and continue in full Force and Eflfed for and during the further Term herein-after mentioned; which said additional Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts, or either of them, and of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-third Day of November One thousand eight hundred and three, the several Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall cease and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof there shall be demanded, received, and taken, from thenceforth during the Continuance of this Act:, the several Tolls and Duties hereinafter mentioned; that is to say.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, or Hearse, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings; and for every such Carriage, drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence and for every such Carriage, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or IVlules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and for every Chair or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, (except when employed in carrying or conveying Coals, Cinders, or Lime only), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches or more, and so flat or level, as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Frlly; and drawn by Seven or Eight Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Five or Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence -, and drawn by Three, Four, or Five Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ten-pence; and drawn by Two Horses cr Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other such Carriage, (except when employed in carrying or conveying Coals, Cinders, or Lime only), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Si* Inches or more, and so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One-Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly; and drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum ot Two Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught,the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by Or.e Horse or other Bead of Draught; the Sun! of Four--pence:

For every Waegon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, (except when employed in carrying or conveying Coals, Cinders, or Lime only), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of any of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, or deviating more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, or having the interior Diameter of any Wheel deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One-Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Sullingsj and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, (except when employed in carrying or conveying Coals, Cinders, or Lime), the Sum of Three-pence:

For evtry Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs* Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny per Score, and in that Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart; or other such Carriage, (when employed in carrying or conveying Coals, Cinders, or Lime only), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches or more, and so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One-Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly; and drawn by Seven or Eight Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Five or Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three or Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by Two Horses «r other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Threepence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, (when employed in carrying or conveying Coals, Cinders, or Lime only), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth

of

172

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

of Six Inches or more, and so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One-Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly; and drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shill ng and Sixpence; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horles or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of S xpence; and drawn by One Horl'e or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-peme:

For every Waggon or oth r Four-wheeled Carriage (when employed in carrying or conveying Coals, Cinders, or Lime only), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies cf any of the Wheels thereof of leis Breadth than Six Inches, or deviating more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, or having the interior Diameter of any Wheel deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One-Sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Feliy, drawn by Four Horses or other Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Three Hoifcs or other Brads of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and for every Cart or other Two-wheeled Carriage, when employed as last aforesaid, having the S >Ie or Bottom of the Fellies of any of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, or deviating more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, or having the interior Diameter of any Wheel deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One-Sixth Parc of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, drawn by Three Hotfes or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny , and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

And for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, when employed in carrying or conveying Coals, Cinders, or Lime, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny.

Which Laid Tolls and Duties in and by this Act granted and made payable as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby veded in the Trustees, for the Time being, for carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, and shall be received and taken at the Toll Bar or Toll Bars erected or to be erected upon the said Roads, in such Parts and Proportions, or in such other Manner, and dull be paid, levied, applied, disposed of, and assigned, for such Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner, as the Tolls and Duties granted by the faict recited Acts, or either of them, are thereby authorized and directed to be teceived, paid, levied, applied, disposed of, and assigned, except as by this Act is otherwise directed.

Chute in the HI. And whereas by the said Act of the Fird Year of the Reign of

restrainmg0' His present Majesty, it is provided, that no Turnpike, or Toll Gate, or a Toll Gate Side Gate shall be erected by virtue of that Act, in, upon, or on the Side brtw^eT*' any ^art t^le Road between the River Tees, where the said Bridge jion Bridge and was then intended to be (and which hath been since), built, and the I own Siamdmf, re- cf Staindrop aforesaid, or at the Fad End of the fame Town, and it is ex. pcac ' pedient that such Restriction should be repealed; be it therefore enacted.

That

173

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

That the said recited Proviso and Restriction shall henceforth be, and the fame is hereby repealed and made void; and the said Trustees for the Time being, or any Nine or more of them, shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered, at any publick Meeting holden for the Execution of this Act, to order and cause to be erected any Toll Gate or Toll Gates, in, upon, or on the Side or Sides of that Part of the said Roads lart mentioned, as to them may seem meet or expedienr; provided that no such Toll Gate or Toll Gates shall be erected or placed within One Mile of the Village of Winjion aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Trustee shall be capable of y^eTnthe* voting for or acting in the Nomination or Appointment of any Officer or Appointment Officers to succeed upon a Vacancy or Place of Trust held under the of any Officer, Trustees of the said Roads, unless such Trustee shall have acted as a ad'ed'a* such Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, withiti within iwo the Space of Two Years next preceding such Vacancy.

V. ’And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or Trustees may more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose Coil‘ appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, railing, widening, and repairing the said Roads, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or any Arches or Bridges upon the fame, and for doing any other Work by the said Acts or this Act authorized to be done, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money, or other Consideration, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and all Contrafts in Writing for any of the Purposes aforesaid, which shall be entered into pursuant to an Older made ac any Meeting by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall be binding to all Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administraters; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application of assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- whnPamount-cha'ed, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any ingtoioo/. Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons

under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, T, nements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the LidCourtfhaliau-thorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the [Loc. & Per.2 X like

*7+

Application when Compensation is lef- than zool. and exceeds lot.

Application when the Money is less than io I,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking ESeft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or aflfeffed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entided to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or afieffed to be paid as herein-before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

*75

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

dians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the first Money to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or any of them.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and the same shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being Ipccially pleaded.

Expences of this Act.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

Publick Act-

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 8.

An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of 7he Grand cJun£iion Canal, to raise a further Sum of Money to enable them to complete the Works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Adds passed in the Thirty-third, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, Thirty-eighth, and For-ty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers and Provisionsofthesaid Adds.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the 33 Geo. j. Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County ^Northampton, to join the River Thames at or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, certain Persons therein named were incorporated by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Jundlion Canal, for making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the several other Works necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution, and were thereby authorized to raise certain Sums of Money therein mentioned towards defraying the Expences thereof: And whereas by several other Acts passed in the Thirty-fourth,

Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, Thirty-eighth, and Forty-first Years of the 35th,3j6ih, Reign of His present Majesty, certain Powers and Authorities were 38th> and granted to the said Proprietors for enabling them to make certain Colla- Weired.0’ 3‘ teral Cuts from or out of the said Canal, and for executing other Works therein mentioned, and also for railing several further Sums of Money for discharging the Debts of the said Company, and for completing the said Canal and Collateral Cuts; which said several Sums of Money have been raised and expended in Discharge of the Debts owing by the said Company, and in the Execution of the several Works before mentioned: And whereas the several Communications from Braunsion to London, and Part of the Collateral Communications by the said recited Acts authorized to be [Loc. & Per.] 2’—Z made,

86

Company empowered to raise a further Suur.

Or to create new Shares.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

made, have been completed, together with such Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works, at Paddington, as are therein directed, for the Accommodation of the Publick trading upon and using the fame: And whereas it has been represented to the said Company of Proprietors, that by executing a Tunnel, in Addition to the Rail Road at Blipwtrth already completed, and by constructing an Aquedud over the River Ouse at Wclverton, and by making certain other Prorifions and Accommodations on the Line of the said Canal, additional Safety and Expedition in Conveyance of all Kinds of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, would be secured to the Publick: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors are desirous to execute the said Tunnel, Aquedud, and other Works as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to raise among themselves, by Subscription of the Holders of Shares, Half Shares, and Loans in the said Undertaking, sufficient Sums for the Execution thereof; but that such beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and it is expedient that the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts should be amended, altered, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, the further Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, and to borrow' or take up the fame at legal or less Interest, from such Persons as shall be willing to advance and lend the fame; and the Money so to be raised shall be applied in defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Expences relating thereto, and of carrying on and completing the several Works authorized to be done and completed by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for making and completing the said Canal and Navigable Cuts; and the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as the said Company of Proprietors, or the Committee of the said Company for the Time being, shall think proper, shall or may be raised, by all, any, or either of the Ways or Means by which the said Company of Proprietors are authorized to raise any Money by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them; and that all and every the Powers contained in the said several recited Acts, with respect to the borrowing and securing such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Application thereof, shall be extended to this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said several Powers were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or their General Committee for the Time being, to raise the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as they shall from Time to Time think fit, by creating new or additional Shares of One hundred Pounds each, or Half Shares of Fifty Pounds each, or Quarter Shares of Twenty-five Pounds tach, or Eighth Parts of Shares of Twelve Pounds and Pen Shillings each, or any or either of them, and disposing of the lame to such Person or Persons, and at such Price or Prices, as to the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time seem meet; and that the respective Proprietors of any Shares, Half Shares, Quarter Shares, or Eighth Parts of Shares, which shall or may

be

87

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

be created by virtue of this Act, shall be entitled to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and be liable to such and the fame Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the fame were Part of the Shares or Half Shares already created, and now vested in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Grand Junction Canal; and the Admission of every Person to any such New Shares, Half Shares, Quarter Shares, or Eighth Parts of Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors, or their General Committee for the Time being, shall be good and effectual Titles to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors and Administrators, on his, her, or their Payment to the said Company of the Purchase Money or Price agreed for the same.

III. And whereas the conflrufting, erecting, and making the said Tun- Additional nel at Blifworlh, and Aqueduct over the River Ouse, and the other Hatea^of Ton-Works as aforesaid, will be attended with a very considerable Expence ("Ithrough" to the said Company of Proprietors; be it therefore enacted, That it the Tumul shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, for and in ju;tAque" Consideration of the fame, to ask, demand, take, recover, and receive, to and for their own proper Use and Behoof (over and above the Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage they are entitled to receive), the additional Rates herein-after mentioned; that is to say.

For all Coal and Coke, Lime, Limestone, Flint and other Stones, and all Bricks, Tiles, Slate, Sand, and Fullers Earth, and all Ironllone,

Pig Iron and Pig Lead, and all Kinds of Manure, which shall be carried or conveyed upon the said Canal into or through the said proposed Tunnel, or the deep Cutting at the Two Mouths or Entrances of the fame, the additional Sum of Eight pence per Ton; and for all other Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, the additional Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence per Ton:

For all Coal and Coke, Lime, Liineflone, Flint and other Stones, and all Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Sand, and Fullers Earth, and all Iron-stone. Pig Iron and Pig Lead, and all Kinds of Manure, which shall be carried or conveyed over or upon any Part of the said Aqueduct, the additional Sum of Four-pence per Ton; and for all other Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, the additional Sum of . Eight-pence per Ton.

Which said additional Rate or Rates shall be paid by the Person having the Care or Conduct of every Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, which shall pass upon the said Canal into or through the said Tunnel or deep Cuttings, or over or upon the said Aqueduct, at such Place or Places as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint for that Purpose, and shall and may be recovered and applied by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage granted by the said recited Acts, or any of them, are to be or may be recovered and applied; and in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton in the Weight of Lading in any Boat or other Vessel so to be navigated into or through the said Tunnel and deep Cuttings, or over or upon the said Aqueduct, or either of them, a Proportion of the said Rates shall be demanded and taken by the said Company of Proprietors for such Fraction, according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton contained therein.

8S—92 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Jc'iMcedU^ b= ^7- And be it CurtheV enacted, Tfiat the Genefal C&Wufiittee Wf the said Cohpany of Proprietors shall have full Power, frotn Time to Time, to lower or redish^ all or any Pa'rt of the Paid Rates upon act or any or either of the Articles which shall be carried upon the said Canal, and to raise the fame again tb ‘ such Sum as they shall think proper, not exceeding the RkteS before mentforiW, as often as they shall deetti it-necessary so to do fdr the iWtcfeft of‘the-ftfra Nfivigation.

1 1 'si .'It to ' ... ' i,i,;

For regulat- V. And whereas ceftiin Rules fife eflkblished by the Paid recked Act -"* of the Thirty-third Year of the Reigfi of His present Majesty, for as-

certaining the Weight df Timber and otffer Articles conveyed in or upon the said Canal, which Rules are liable to great Uncertainty; for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That the Tonnage for Timber, and all other Goods, Merchandize, !and Things whatsoever, shall be ascertained and charged according to the real Weight thereof, and that One hundred and twelve Pounds Wei'gHt AVbirdupofs, shall b'e deemed and taken as and fdr One hundred Weight, with respect to all Timber, 'and other Goods, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Company df Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal, are authorized to make and maintain a Collateral Communication (by such Cuts, Railways, or other Ways and Means, as therein mentioned) to branch from and out of the Grand Junction Canal, in the Parish of Gaytan, to join the Navigation of the River certain Time. pyen at the Town of Northampton: And whereas it is expedient that such Collateral Communication should be made and completed on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five; be it therefore, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required and directed to cause such Collateral Communication as aforesaid to be made and completed on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five.

Requiring the Company to complete the Collateral Communication to Northampton within a

Directing a Sum ot Money to be let apart for making the Collateral Communication to Northampton.

Expences of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That out of the Sum of Money authorized to be raised by this Act, a Sum sufficient to defray the Charge and Expence of making and completing such Collateral Communication from the said Grand Junction Canal, in the Parish of Gayton, to join the Navigation of the River Nen at the Town of Northampton as aforesaid, shall be, and the fame is hereby required and directed to be appropriated and applied solely and exclusively to the making and completing the said Iaft mentioned Collateral Communication.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors; and that this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

,-sib iJc-U ^r. iRO w r.J .-i: > /V 1

ofa la oo bru /I i J \\ 1 ‘

Cap. 9.

An Act for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof; and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, is a very ancient Structure, and the Tower thereof, being in Danger of failing, hath been taken down, together with the Chancel which was connected therewith: And whereas the Expence of rebuilding the said Tower and Chancel upon a reduced Scale, and of the several other Repairs necessary to be done in and about the said Church is estimated at the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, which said Sum cannot be raised in the said Parish without the Aid of Parliament, the Inhabitants being chiefly Tenants at Rack Rent: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enatted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the [Lee. & Per.2 el a Authority

94-

fur appointing new Trull tees in Cases of Death, tie.

Trustees not to act where intvrested.

Under a Penalty for so t doing.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

Authority of the same, That the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, together with Thomas Baker M. D., John Barnett, William Bajfill, Robert Boome, the Reverend William Bowen, John Boys, James Brown, Joseph Bunn, William Cannon, Ambrose Clarke, William Dear man, Join. Emmett, the Reverend James Carpenter Gape, John Gough, William Harris, William Kendall, Thomas Kinder, John Kinder, William Kinder, Thomas Henry Lamb, Thomas Lewis, Samuel Marston, John Alium, William Owen, John Parrott, William Patmore, William Po-totk, James Read, Henry William Richardson, Jo fan a Saunders> Francis Carter Searancke, John Smith, Matthew Towgood, Joseph Pomfret Pander Aleulen, and George Wilson, shall be, and they and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein-afeer mentioned, are hereby appointed Truste*es for putting this Act in Execution and the said Trustees, and all Persons to be by them appointed, are hereby empowered to receive and take the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, which Monies are hereby vested in them the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be by them ordered, paid, and applied, to and for the Uses and Purposes herein-afeer mentioned, and not otherwise.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Trullee or Trustees appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act (except such Persons as are declared to be Trustees by virtue of their Station or Office), shall die, or refuse to act, or shall ceale to be rated to the Church and Poor of the said Parish, it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of the said Parish, rated and paying to the Rate for Church and Poor, present at any Meeting or Vestry called for that Purpose, to chule and elect any other Person or Persons, being a Parishioner or Parishioners, to be a Trustee or Trustees in the room or (lead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or refusing to act, or ceasing to be rated as aforesaid; provided that such Person or Persons lo to be chosen, shall be rated to the Church and Poor of the said Parish at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and not otherwise , and that no Inhabitant shall be permitted to vpte but such as shall be named in the lait Rare for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, made previously to such Election, and who shall have paid or tendered to pay the fame; and eve; y Person so to be chosen, shall be and is hereby inverted with the several Powers by this Act vested in each Trustee hereby appointed: Provided also, that if any Person or Prrons appointed a Trustee or Trustees for tite Execution of this Act, shall have any Sfure or be anyways imerested, directly or indirectly, in any Con'raft or Work to be done in or about the Ex cution of any of the Powers of this Act, or shall have or enjoy any beneficial Employment under or by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall, citi'irg the Existence of such Contraft, or during his Continuance in such Employment, be utterly disabled a^d disqualified from acting as a Trustee or Trustees under this Act-, and if any such Trustee as aforesaid, (h ill presume to act during such Disability or Incapacity a- af rcf.iid, every such Person so presuming to act shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Day in which he shall (o aft as aforesaid, to any Person or I\r-ions who shall sue for the lame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and the Money lo forfeited shall be recovered by ihe Pcison or Persons f < suing, with Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt, B 11, Plaint, or Information, in which noEflbign, Privilege, Protection, Wager ot Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9. 95

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Trustees as are or shall be Trustees m»y Justices of the Peace, may act as Justices notwithstanding their being a(:l as Justices-Trustees, except in Cases where they may be interested; and that in all Cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are authorized by this Act to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to administer such Oath, or to take such Affirmation; provided that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or Powers of the vested in, and all Matters and Things directed to be done or performed by'he by the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised and executed, done and Majority of performed by the major Part of them, who shall attend at any publick Meeting to be held under or according to this Act, the Number of the the Number is Trustees present at any such Meeting not being leis than Five; and all p°‘eJef'th" the Acts, Orders, Resolutions, and Proceedings of such major Part so present, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if done or made by all the Trustees; and that where the Number of Voices shall be equal, the Chairman to be appointed at each Meeting shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, Resolutions, and Piocetdmjs Proceedings of the said Trustees, shall be entered in the Vestry Book aVooK or Books of the said Parish, and signed by them, or the major Part of

them, present at the doing or making such Acts, Orders, Resolutions, or Proceedings; which Book or Books may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may Forappoint-meet together in the said Parish Church, or in such Place as shall be used ing Me,tlnSs-as a Vestry Room of the said Parish for the Time being, within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently

may be; between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, and proceed to put this Act in Execution, and then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet, or may meet, according to such Summons as is herein-after directed to be given, at such Time or Times, Place or Places, within the said Parish, as the said Trustees shall think proper and convenient, and of which Adjournment Notice in Writing, signed by the Treasurer hereinafter mentioned to be appointed, or Vestry Clerk for the Time being,

shall be given to or left for the Trustees residenr within the said Parish, at their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Two Days at lead previous to such intended Meeting; and if there shall not appear at any Meeting to be appointed by the said Trustees, Five or more of such Trustees to act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to another Day, then and in such Case the said Vestry Clerk, shall and is hereby required to summon^ such Trustees, to meet at the Place whrre the last Meeting was appointed to be held, within Fourteen Days next after the Day on which such Meeting was to have been held as aforesaid, such Summons to be signed by the said Churchwardens, Treasurer, or Vestry Clerk, or any One of them, and to be delivered at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Trustees, at lead Two Days before such Meeting; and that the Trustees at all such Meetings shall pay their own Expences.

96

Empowering the Ti uftees to caul'e the Tower of the Church and the Chancel to be rebuilt.

For appointing Officers.

Empowering the Trustees to contract for the several Works;

and to compound for Penalties incurred by Contractors.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause the Tower of the said Church, and the Chancel thereof, to be rebuilt according to the Plan proposed by the Surveyor employed by the said Parishioners, and agreed to at aVeftry holden in the said Parish, on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, and since confirmed and agreed to by the Approprittor the Lord Bishop of Ely, and to make such other Alterations and Repairs to the said Church as may be deemed proper and necessary.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time to appoint a Treasurer, without any Salary or Allowance for his Trouble in such Trust, and a Collector or Collectors of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and also One or more fit and able Person or Persons, if they shall judge it necessary, as a Surveyor or Surveyors to superintend the Buildings and Works to be carried on in pursuance of this Act, and shall and may take such Security as they the said Trustees shall think proper from such Treasurer and Collectors; and shall and may from Time to Time remove such Treasurer, Collectors, or Surveyors, and appoint in like Manner another or others in the Room and Stead of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, or may discontinue or resign his or their Office or Employment; and that such Trustees shall and may, out of the Monies arising out of this Act, pay or cause to be paid to such Vestry Clerk, Collector or Collectors, and Surveyor or Surveyors, such Salaries or other Allowances as they the said Trustees shall judge a reasonable Compensation for his or their respective Trouble and Services, provided that the Salary of any such Collector or Collectors shall not exceed the Sum of Three-pence in the Pound, upon the Monies which he or they shall receive and account for.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may contract with any Person or Persons for building the said Tower and Chancel, and doing such other Work and Repairs as may be deemed necessary by the said Trustees, and may contract with such Person or Persons for providing proper Materials for the Purposes aforesaid, or otherwise; and all Contradls and Agreements made or entered into by or between the said Trustees, at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and any Person or Persons whomsoever, relating to any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done or performed in Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Parties thereto, and shall be good, valid, and binding, as well upon the said Trustees as upon all other Parties thereto, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns; and in case of Breach thereof, Actions and Suits may be brought, maintained, and defended, and Damages and Cods recovered thereon, against the Party or Parties refusing or neglecting to perform the fame; provided, that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom they shall bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money, contained in any Contract or Contradls, which shall or may be made or entered into in pursuance of this Act, for or on Account of any Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contradls,

or

97

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

or any Part or Parts thereof, or in any wise relating thereto, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper; and all and every the Sum and Sums which shall be received in consequence of such Composition, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, in the same Manner as such whole Penalty or Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money, if paid or recovered, would be applicable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in every Contract or Agreement Trust«snot to be made or entered into with the said Trustees, in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, there shall be inserted an express Claul'e or Condition, Contracts, that no Trustee be admitted to any Share of such Contract or Agreement, or to any Interest therein or Benefit therefiom; and in case any Person or Persons who may enter into any such Contraft or Agteement with the said Trustees, shall admit any such Trustee to any Share thereof or Interest therein, or to receive any Benefit therefrom; all and every such Person and Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with Coffs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by any Person or Persons who shall foe for the fame, by ActionofDebt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which r.o Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall sue and be Trustees to sued in the Name of the Treasurer, for the Time being, to be appointed Cue and be under this Act; and that no Action that may be brought by or against Name'of their the said Trustees, or any of them, in relation to this Act, in the Name Treasurerj ,of their Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer, or by the Act of him or them, without the

Consent of the said Trustees, but that the Treasurer, for the Time being, shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action, as the Case may be; nevertheless the said Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be under the Management and Direction of the said Trustees: Pro- who is to b» vided always, that such Treasurer shall be reimbursed out of the Monies polts and1* to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Damages as by the Damages. Event of any such Actions or Proceedings he shall be put unto, or become charged or chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

.1 ¥t. Y. OHt .*> - *.~7/2uL i-'tW It. jiv . . J, .: . J (. , K' C '

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Empowering for the said Trustees to raise, either by Annuities on single Lives or on Jo'affeMone several Lives, with Survivorship, or on Annuities to be granted for a b°rAnnuities, certain Term of Years, or by Way of Loan upon Bond or other Secu: " on lo"> rity, to be entered into or given by or by the Order and Direction of the said Trustees, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and for the several Purposes aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Trustees, or into the Hands of their Treasurer, for the Time being, or of such other Person or Persons as they the said Trustees shall, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, authorize to receive the same for the Uses and Purposes before mentioned (such Treasurer or other Person or Persons, first giving sufficient Security, if required, to the said Trustees as aforesaid), any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in \Loc. 6? Per.'} B b the

98

And directing how the same shall be repaid.

Money borrowed to be charged on the Hates dire died to be raised.

Term* of Security and Bond.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

the Whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of Annuities, or by Way of Loan, as herein-before is mentioned, the said Annuities, if granted on a Life or Lives, to be paid and payable for and during the natural Life or Lives of the Contributor or Contributors, or for and during the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall nominate respectively, from the Time of Payment of their respective Contribu'ion Money, and such Annuities shall and may be granted with or without Benefit of Survivorship, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Trustees shall think proper; and the said Annuities, if granted for a Term of Years, to be granted for such Term of Years, and on such Terms and Conditions, as the said Trustees shall think fit; all which Annuities, and also the Principal and Interest of the Money to be borrowed and taken up as aforesaid, shall be paid and payable by the said Trustees in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, or in such other Place as the said Trustees shall appoint for that Purpose; and the Principal of such Money to be borrowed and taken up by the said Trustees on Interest as aforesaid, on the Credit of this Act, shall be repaid to the Person or Persons lending or advancing the fame, out of the said Rates, as often as the same shall amount to a sufficient Sum to discharge any One Bond, upon giving the Lender Six Months Notice in Writing for that Purpose, at the End of which Time all Interest on the said Bonds shall cease.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every of the Annuities so to be purchased under or by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money to be borrowed and taken up on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest thereof, shall be and the same are and is hereby charged upon and made payable, from Time to Time, out of the Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments by this Act directed to be raised and assessed as herein-after is mentioned; and that all and every the Contributor and Contributors, or Lender or Lenders, of any Money upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money for any such Annuity or Annuities, or otherwise advancing the Money as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, and the Principal and Interest of the other Monies so to be advanced as aforesaid, out of the said Rates or Assessments by this Act appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof; and all and every such Purchaser or Purchasers of such Annuity or Annuities, and other Person or Persons advancing Money as aforesaid, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have a good, sure, absolute, and indefeaftble Estate, Right, and Interest in and to the said Annuities, so to be by them respectively purchased, and in and to the said other Monies so to be advanced as aforesaid, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor for the Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, under and by virtue of this Act, upon the Payment of the Consideration or Purchase Money for the fame, or any Part thereof, or upon Payment of any Money advanced by Way of Loan, shall receive a Receipt or Receipts for so much

Money

i

99

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9«

Money as shall be so paid; and upon Payment of all the Purchase Money

for any such Annuity or Annuities, or of any Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Loan, every such Contributor or Lender, his or her Assigns respectively, shall have a Grant or Security in Writing for Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities, for and during the natural Life or Lives of such Contributor or Contributors as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by him, her, or them, or for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so lent, which Grants or Securities shall be signed by the Treasurer herein directed to be appointed, for the Time being, with the Consent of the said Trustees, to be testified by their Signature thereto, and shall respectively be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

‘ t/NOW all Men by these Presents, That the Trustees appointed by °fu9rant ‘ and acting under an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the 0 1 y‘

Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of this 4 Ad], do, by virtue of the said Act, and in Consideration of the Sum of 4 [infrt here the Consideration], paid to them by [describe here the Purchaser or Purchasers], before the Sealing and Delivery of these Presents 4 (as appears by the Receipt indorsed hereon), grant and secure unto the said [1name the Purchaser or Purchasers, or, his, her, or their Appointee or Appointees, as the Case may be], his, [her, or their], Executors, Ad- ininillrators, and Assigns, an Annuity of [insert the Amount of the An- unity], payable put of the Rates and Assessments made and assessed,

and to be made and assessfed by the Trustees of or acting under the said Act, for the Purposes therein mentioned, which said Annuity shall be paid to the said [name here the Purchaser or Purchasers, his, or her, or their Appointee or Appointees], his, [or, her, or, their], Executors,

4 Administrators, and Assigns, at [here insert such Place as the Trustees shall think ft to appoint], upon the Day of

and the Day of in every Year, by equal

4 Haif-yearly Payments, during the natural Life, and proportionally up to the Day of the Death of [or, during the

natural Lives and Life of and the Survivor of

them, and proportionally up to the Day of the Death of such Survivor;

4 or, during the natural Lives and Life of and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and proportionally up to the Day of the Death of such Survivor; or during the Term of Years now next ensuing, as the Case may be], the first Payment thereof to be made upon the Day of now next ensuing. In Witness whereof, the Treasurer appointed by virtue of the said Act hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal, the Day

4 of in the Year of our Lord

f Signed and sealed by the said

‘ the Treasurer appointed by virtue of the said ]

4 Act, with the Content of us the Majority of V.

the Trustees, present at a Meeting holden the f 4 Day and Year last above mentioned.’ J

And also that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money to be advanced, lent, and paid to or to the Order of the said Trustees, upon the Credit <*f this Act, on Bond, shall be secured by a Bond under the Hand and Seal of the Treasurer hereby directed to be appointed, for the Time being,

with

IOO

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

with the Consent of Three of such Trustees, testified as aforesaid, in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to fav.

Form of Bond. jr^OW all Men by these Presents, That the Trustees appointed by and acting under an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here fit forth the Title of ‘ this AC], and their Successors, are held and firmly bound to

‘ in the Sum of to be paid to him [or,

‘ her, or, them] the said or to his [or, her,

‘ or, their], certain Attorney, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

‘ In Witness whereof the Treasurer

appointed by virtue of the said Act, hath hereunto set his Hand and

1 Seal, this Day of in the Year

‘ of our Lord

! 'T'HE Condition of the above written Obligation is such, That if the 1 above named his [or, her, or, their],

! Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, under and according to: the true Intent and Meaning of the above mentioned Act of Parliament, be well and truly paid the full and just Sum of

this Day advanced and lent by him [or, her, or, them], the 1 said upon the Credit of the said Act, together with

Interest for such Sum of whilst the fame shall

remain unpaid, after the Rate of per Centum per

Annum, by equal Half-yearly Portions or Payments, then this Obligation shall be void.

Signed and sealed by the said

the Treasurer appointed by virtue of the said ‘ Act, with the Consent of us the Majority of ‘ the Trustees, present at a Meeting holden the

Day and Year above mentioned.’

Form of Af-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Transfer1 and to whom any such Annuity or Annuities shall be so granted and secured as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and may, by Indorsement on his, her, or their respective Securities, and executed in the Presence of any One of the said Trustees, or of the Treasurer by this Act directed to be appointed, or the officiating Clergyman of the Parish or Place where the Party making such Assignment shall reside at the Time of making such Assignment, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Annuities thereby respectively secured, in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

TN Consideration of the Sum of , of lawful

Money of Great Britain, this Day paid by

I, [or, we, as the Case may he], do hereby transfer the within written

Security, and the Annuities [or. Annuity], thereby granted or secured,

unto Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

Witness my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals], this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

Witness .*

And the Lender or Lenders of such other Monies as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and may, by Assignment under their respective Hands and Seals, attested as aforesaid,

N

IOI

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

said, and to be indorsed on their respective Bonds, also assign and transfer any of such Bonds, and the Monies thereby respectively secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in the Words or to the Effect follow-ing} that is to say,

JN Consideration of the Sum of of

‘ lawful Money of Great Britain, this Day paid by

I do hereby transfer the within written Bond, with all

my Right and Title to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, nnto

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Witness

‘ my Hand and Seal, this Day of in the

Year of our Lord .*

‘ Witness,

XV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided by the said Trustees, and kept by the Vestry Clerk, a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly written in Words at Length, the Names and Additions of all such Persons as shall be Purchasers of any of the Annuities aforesaid, or as shall lend any Sum or Sums of Money on Bond or other Security, and the Names of the Persons into whose Hands the said Purchasers or Lenders shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, and also the Sum or Sums of Money so paid for the Purchase of Annuities, or lent on Bonds or other Security, and the respective Days of Payment thereof; and all such Assignments or Transfers respectively shall be produced and notified to the Vestry Clerk, within Twenty-one Days after the Date thereof, and shall be by him entered in the said Book or Books, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry shall be made every such Assignment or Transfer shall be deemed to pass the legal Property of and in such Annuity, or Bond, or other Security, as shall be thereby assigned, and such Assignee or Assignees may in like Manner assign and transfer again, and so toties quoties; to which Book or Books the said Purchasers, and Lenders, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and any Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay any Rates, or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, may at all reasonable Times have Recourse, and may inspect the fame without Fee or Reward.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to make an Assessment or Assessments, Rate or Rates, according to the last Poors’ Rate or Rates of the said Parish (the rating of Stock in Trade excepted), on all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit or occupy any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish, and who are liable, in respect thereof, to be rated and pay to the Church Rate of the said Parish, as to the said Trustees shall appear necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and to order and direct the Collector or Collectors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to collect and receive from such Occupiers of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, such Rates and Sums of Money as shall be so assessed or rated as aforesaid; all which Rates and Assessments so to be rated, assessed, and collected are hereby vested in the said Trustees, in Trust, to be applied by them as well in Satisfaction and Discharge of the aforesaid Debt, as for the other Purposes of this Act, the same to take Place

[Lor. fcf Per.2 Cc from

Directing In. tries to be made of Annuities.

Empowering the Trustees to make Assessments and Rates for the , Purposes of this Act.

102

And for that . Pur pole to in-foect the Poor Rate*.

Vestry Clerk to enter Proceedings in a Book.

Rates vested in the Trustees.

Collectors to Account on Oath:

Trustees and Treasurer to account annually to the Parishioneis.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. g.

from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, and to continue for and during such Time as any of the Monies to be borrowed upon Bond, or raised by Way of Annuity or Annuities upon the Credit of this Act, shall remain owing or have Continuance, and no longer: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, at all convenient Times, to inspect the Poors’ Rates of the said Parish, in order to ascertain the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, and to take Copies thereof gratis.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Vestry Clerk for the Time being, shall, and he is hereby required to make proper Entries in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the said Trustees, who shall have made such Rates and Assessments respectively, of all and singular the Rates and Assessments which they shall make in pursuance of this Act; to which Book or Books every Person liable to pay the said Rates or Assessments shall and may have free Access at all convenient Times, and be permitted to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees for the Purposes herein mentioned, and shall be by them ordered, paid, and applied to and for the several Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein also mentioned, all Charges and Expences being the reout first paid, satisfied, and deducted; and the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Rates or Affeftments to be recovered in like Manner as the Poors’ Rates are by Law recoverable; and all Justices of the Peace and other Persons are hereby authorized and directed to proceed and act therein, in like Manner as they may by Law proceed and act for the Recovery of the Poors' Rates.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time when required, give in a particular, true, and perfect Account in Writing under his or their Hand or respective stands, to the said Trustees on Oath, if required, fwhich Oath the said Trustees are hereby authorized to administer), of all Monies which they shall have respectively received, collected, or levied by virtue of this Act, or by Reason or Means of the said Office; and shall also from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, pay all such Monies as shall be in his or their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, authorize and empower to receive the lame; and which said Trustees and Treasurer shall annually account to the Parishioners in Vestry assembled, at their annual Meeting for the Choice of Churchwardens.

or in case of

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector or Collec-euiuTCaie *ors> Trustees or Treasurer, shall n eg led or refuse to render and make

Complaint such Accounts and Payments as are required to be made by them respect

lively, by this Act, then any Two Justices of the Peace of the said Bo-whoaretn- rough or Liberty of Saint Jllban, shall and may, upon Complaint thereof, commTmhe rna^e £n<luiry of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal, as well by the ferion offend- Confession of the Parties themselves, as by the Oath or Oaths of One or

ing.

more

10$

43° GEORGII III. Cap. g.

more credible Witness or Witnesses; and if any such Collector or Col-leffors, Trustees or Trustee, or Treasurer, shall be convicted of such Neglect or Refusal before such Justices of the Peace, then the said Justices shall, upon Conviction, commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol of the said Borough or Liberty, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Inhabitant of the said inhabitants Parish of Saint Peter, shall and may and is hereby declared to be a com- '^lt' petent Witness in any AQion, Suit, Information, Complaint, Profecu-

tion, or Proceeding to be had, made, prosecuted, or carried on under the Authority of this Act, in such and the same Manner as such Person could or might have been in case he had been resident in any other Parish or Place.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer, Collector, or other Person to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall happen to die, or become Bankrupt, before he or they shall fully have paid and satisfied all the Money by him or them received under this Act, then, in such case of Death, the legal personal Representative or Representatives of such Treasurer, Collector, or other Person or Persons, shall in the first Place, out of the Estate and Effects of the deceased, pay unto the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, all such Sums of Money as were in the Hands of such Treasurer, Collector, or Person at the Time of his or their Death, or so much thereof as the Assets of the deceased will extend to pay and satisfy; and in case of Bankruptcy, the Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt shall, after paying to the petitioning Creditor or Creditors his, her, or their Costs of suing and prosecuting the Commission against such Bankrupt, in the next place pay unto the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, all such Sum or Sums of Money as were in the Hands of such Bankrupt at the Time of suing out such Commission of Bankrupt, or so much thereof as the said Estate and Effects will extend to pay, and the Receipt of such Trustees, or of such Person or Persons,

shall be a good Discharge for the said Money; and every such Representative or Assignee may, to any Suit or Action brought against him, plead or give in Evidence the Payment of the fame, and shall be allowed such Payment prior to any Debt or Demand whatsoever; and in case of Nonpayment of the fame by the Space of Four Days after the same shall have been demanded, in Writing, left at the usual Place of Abode of such Representative or Assignee, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to recover the fame by Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against such Representative or Assignee, in Preference to any such other Debt or Demand as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates or Assess- Ratescharged ments hereby directed to be made, collected, levied, and paid, shall be with tbs Hay-charged and chargeable with and for the Payment of all and every such Moneys Annuity and Annuities as aforesaid, and all Arrears thereof respectively; borrowed, and all Sums of Money to be advanced, lent, or paid as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof respectively, from Time to Time, and shall vest in the Annuitant or Annuitants, or other Person or Persons advancing,

lending.

For recovering Money due from Officers in Cases of Death, etc.

104-

Afiter the Deaths of Annuitants, and Payment of Monies borrowed, the Rates shall cease.

Forpaying the Expences of the Act.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

lending, or paying Money as aforesaid, upon Default of Payment of such Annuity or Annuities, or other Monies so to be advanced, lent, or paid, or the Interest thereof, or any Part thereof respectively, for the Space of Six Months after the same shall become due, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with Interest for such Arrears of Annuity from the Time the fame ought to have been paid until Payment and Satisfaction thereof, and of the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment of the fame; and such Annuitant or Annuitants in case there shall be any Arrear of such Annuity or Annuities, and until full Payment thereof re-l'pectively, with such hitereit and Charges as aforesaid, and such other Person or Persons, until Re-payment of their Money advanced, and Interest, according to the Stipulation for Payment thereof, shall, upon giving Twenty Days Notice in Writing, and Dafault of Payment at or before the End of such Twenty Days, have the lame Powers, Rights, and Privileges of affelling, collecting, distraining, and levying the said Rates and Assessments payable by virtue of this Act, as the said Trustees would have had in case the said Annuity or Annuities, or other Money to be advanced as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, had been regularly and fully paid and satisfied; and for that Purpose the Trustees shall deliver or cause to be delivered over to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, the then exilting Rates, and all Monies then in Hand and collected on Accounc thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Deaths of the several Persons on whose Lives, or at the Expiration of such Term of Years for which Annuities shall or may be granted as herein-before is mentioned, and from and after Payment of all Monies to be raised, borrowed, or taken up at Interest, or otherwise by virtue of this Act, on the Credit of the said Rates and Assessments, and also after Payment and Discharge of all Expences and Charges of applying for and parting this Act, and putting the fame into effectual Execution, and all Matters relating thereto, the Rates or Assessments heteby directed to be raised and paid shall absolutely cease and determine.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Expences of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the applying for and obtaining thereof, or incurred in relation thereto, and in putting the fame into Execution, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Money by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Patty or Parties making the same be deemed a Trtfpasser or Trespassers on Account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Tiefpafiers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe; provided that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action or Actions for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other

wrongful

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

io5

wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Ill'ue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Moneyas he or they shall think fit, whereupon futh Proceedings,

Order, and Judgement shall be made, had, and given in and by fu>_h Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pav Money into Covirt; and that no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction Proc«ding« of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or "*Cited C|Ur any other Matter or Thing done or transaded in or relating ro the Lxe- want of cution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or °""-be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per- Persons agson or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved or |j^v*dto,r,ay over-rated by any Rate or Assessment to be made under or in pursuance tie Trustees: of this Act, he, she, or they may appeal and complain thereof to the said Trustees, who may examine the Appellant or Appellants, or any Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, touching or concerning the Matter of such Appeal, and relieve the Person or Persons appealing, or not, and make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person ortothe or Persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Quarter Order, Direction, or Appointment of the said Trustees, or by Means of ei‘on*‘ any Rate or Assessment to be made under or in pursuance of this Act, or

any Order or Conviction of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal to a General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said Liberty or Borough of Saint Alban, before the Justices then and there assembled; and such Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet; which Order shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties, but so as that such Appeal shall be made within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and that the Person or Persons so appealing shall give, or cause to be given,

Eight Days Notice in Writing at the least of his or her Intention of appealing as aforesaid, and of the Matter or Cause thereof, to the said Treasurer or Vestry Clerk, for the Time being, and within Four Days after such Notice enter into a Recognizance, before some Justice of the Peace for the said Liberty or Borough, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, at the then next General Quarter Sessions, and to abide the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof; and such Justices, upon hearing and finally determining the Matter of such Appeal, shall and may, and they are hereby directed and required to award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper; and their Determination in or concerning the Premises, shall be conclusive and binding upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

ILoc. G? Per.}

D d

io6

Limitation of Actions.

Prefcrving the

Rights of the Aupropriator.

[Publick Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of or under Colour of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given thereof in Writing to the said Treasurer or Vestry Clerk, nor after (efficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Four Calendar Months next after the Fad committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of Hertford, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits may plead the General Issue, or give this Act and every Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and if the Matter or Thing shall appear to have been done under or by virtue of this Act, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find a Verdict or Verdicts for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions; or if upon any Demurrer or Dcmuners in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given »ur the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to affect or prejudice the Right or Interest of the Appropriacor and Patron of the said Parish.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON; Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

r

Cap. io.

An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving Kensington Square, and Young Street, and James Street communicating the rewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS the Pavement of the Foot and Carriage Ways in a certain Square called Kensington Square, and in Young Street and James Street communicating the rewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and the Fence of the said Square are very much out of Repair, and are subject to various Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances: And whereas it would be of great Convenience and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Square and Streets, and of the Town of Kensington, as well as of publick Utility, if the fame were to be properly paved, repaired, lighted, watched, and improved, and all Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein removed and prevented in future: But as the fame cannot be effectually done without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of \JLoc. isf Per.J £ e the

I IO

Commissioner?.

Upon Death of any Cotn-niifTioner, how new one to be appointee!.

Also cn Refusal to act, or removing Refulence, or neglecting to attend.

Qualification of Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Richard Payne M. D., Major John Samuel Torriano, "John Walker, the Reverend Robert Hamilton D. D., John Hollingworth, Colonel Robert Ray tie, "John Kendal, Thomas Hardwick, Hemy Grimflone, Jonathan Hamston, and Barton Parkinson Hall, being Occupiers of Houses within the said Square and Streets, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and upon the Death of any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Six or more of them, at a Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, of which Seven Days Notice shall be given, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint One other Person'inhabiting within the said Square and Streets, to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner so deceased, fothat the Person so to be elected and appointed rtfides in the Square or Street wherein the Person so dying redded at the Time of his Decease.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the Persons herein-Sefore appointed or to be appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, shall refuse to act, or shall remove his Reddence out of the said Square or Streets, or shall neglect to attend at Twelve successive Meetings of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the remaining Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to cleft, choose, and appoint, in Manner aforesaid. One other Person inhabiting within the said Square and Streets, in the Room and Stead of the Commissioner so refuhng to act, removing his Reddence, or neglecting to attend as aforesaid, provided the Person so to be elected and chosen reddes in the Square or Street wherein the Person in whose Place or Stead he was appointed did redde.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested, or during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit arising out of the Rates herein-after mentioned; and that no Person (other than the Persons herein-before named), shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be reddent and an Householder in the said Square or Streets, or One of them, and shall be afltffed to and pay his Share of the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, and shall also be podiffed of a Real or Personal Edate, or both, of the clear Value of One thousand Pounds, and be rated to the Rates by virtue of this Act, at or after the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Annum at the lead, or shall be rated to the said Rates at or after the Rate of Forty Pounds j or until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the Effect following; that is to say,

' T do swear, That I am possessed of a Real, [or, Personal Estate, or Real and Personal Eddies], of the clear Value of One thousand Pounds, and am rated or liable to be rated at Twenry ‘ Pounds [or, am rated or liable to be rated at Forty Pounds, as the Case may be\ per Annum at the lead, by virtue of an Act of Parliament of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, inti- ruled, [here set forth the Title of this Atf\P

Which

111

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer; and if any Person not being qualified, or being disqualified as aforesaid, fhaJ 1 aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that lie is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and every such Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the Commissioners hereby consticuted as aforesaid, shall and may, from Time to Time, be extrcifed by the major Part of them who shall attend any Meeting pursuant to the Directions of this Act (the Number of Commissioners at such Meeting not being less than Five), except in such Cases where any other Number of Commissioners are hereby required or authorized to act; and all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meeting, shall have the lame Force and Effect as if done, made, or executed by all the Commissirfners configured by this Act; and in all Cales where the Number of Votes upon any Chief-tion shall be equal (including the Chairman’s Vote), the Chairman shall have the calling Vote.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet at the Ploufe of Master Join fVrtn, in Kenftngtcn Square aforesaid, upon the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, and proceed to the Execution thereof; and they, or any Two or more of them, being the whole or major Part of the Commissioners appearing at such Meeting, may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn to such Time and Place within the said Square or Streets, or either of them, as they shall think proper; and if at any Meeting so appointed there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act or to adjourn, or in case of any Neglect or Omission to adjourn, then the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall appoint a Meeting to be held at the Place where the last Meeting was held, or'such intended Meeting was appointed to have been held, by publick Notice in Writing, to be affixed at lead Seven Days before such Meeting on One of the Doors of the Parish Church of Ken-fengton aforesaid; and in case the said Clerk shall die, or become incapable of acting, before the Appointment of such Meeting, or shall refuse or neglect to make such Appointment when required by any Two or more of the said Commissioners, then any Two or more of the said Commissioners shall and may, by the like publick Notice, appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held, or such intended Meeting was appointed to have been held; and the said Commissioners at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk and a Collector of the Rates to be made as herein-after mentioned, and also a Treasurer, and may employ such other Persons as they shall think proper in the Execution of this Act,

A major Part of Commissioners m their Meetings. -

Meeting*.

Appointing

Officer!.

112

Officers to account.

On Neglect or Rciufal,

to be committed-

Commission-ei s may compound. Limitation of Imprison-

ment.

Officers to deliver up Papers and Writings to Commissioners.

Officers to give Security.

Vetting Lamps, Pavements, etc. in the Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

Acr, and allow such Salaries or Rewards to the said Clerk, Collector, and ether Persons, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and may from Time to Time remove any such Clerk, Collector, Treasurer, and ether Persons, wherever they think proper; ai.d every such Collector and Trea-futer, and also every other Person who shall be concerned in the Receipt or Expenditure of any Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, (when thereto required-by the said Commissionersf, make out and render to them a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under his Hand, upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to adminiilerj, of all Monies which shall at that Time have been received, paid, and uifburled by him, by reason-of his Office, with proper Vouchers for the fame; and in case any Money so received shall remain in his Hands, the same shall be paid according to the Order of the said Commissioners; and in case any such Collector, Treasurer, or other Person, shall not make and render, or shall refule or neglect to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, then any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex shall, and he is hereby empowered, to make Enquiry concerning such Default, in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Party, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer); and upon Conviction such Justice shall commit such Coflcftor, Treasurer, or other Person, to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall render and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded for such Money with the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Composition to their Order; which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make but no such Person shall remain in Gaol for a longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Clerk, Collector, or Treasurer, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Commissioners, within Fourteen Days after being the reunto required, by Wr ting under their Hands, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Pow'er, relating to the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, uj on Complaint thereof made to him, by Warrant under lus Hand and Seal, to commit the said Clerk, Collector, or Treasurer, to ihe Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners, or to their Order, all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or shall have given Satisfaction to the said Commissioners concerning the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to take such Security from every Ccllefter and Treasurer to be by them appointed, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners shall think proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the Lamps, Lamp Irons, and Lamp Ports, to be erected and fixed as herein-after mentioned, and all the Materials of the same to them respectively belonging, and the Property of the present and the future Pavements, as well in the FootWays as in the Carriage Ways in the said Square and Streets, and every of them, and also the present and future Fence or Railing of the Area

43° GEORGII III. Cap. to.

flf the said Square, and the Land or Ground contained within the same, and also all Watch Boxes, Coach Footfteps, and Guard Polls, now fixed or set up in the said Square and Streets, or which may hereafter be fixed or set up therein, and all other Materials, Implements, and Things, which shall be erefled, set up, fixed, purchased, or provided, by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and all the Sewers and Drains for conveying Water through and from the said Square and Streets, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Actions in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, or to prefer and prosecute with Effect Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall deal, injure, or damage the fame, or any of them, or shall dtllurb the said Commissioners in the Possession thereof; and the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority Power to felt to sell and dispose of, or to work up, from Time to Time, all or any old Matenals Part of the old Pavements and other Materials of the said Square |tnd Streets, and the old Fence or Railing of the said Area of the said Square, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the lame, and to apply the Purchase Money to the Purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful f >r the Comnffllon-said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, ^"kPelforra and at all Times, when and so often as they shall think proper, to order and direct all or any of the Pavements in the said Square and Streets, of any Part or Parts of the said Square and Street?, as well those used for Carriages as those used by Foot Passengers, to be taken up, and (except the Part of James Street after mentioned), to be paved, relayed, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, and the Part of James Street, from the North Well Angle thereof, being the publick House in the Occupation of Millrefs Mary Plowman, as far as the Pump near the South End of a House in the Occupation of Joshua Lawrence, to be paved or gravelled, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered; and to make, dig, fink, and build proper Drains,

Gutters, and Sewers, to be made for the conveying of Water under Ground, and to place and put proper Iron Gratings thereon or otherwise, when and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper-, and also to repair and keep in Repair the Fence or Railing of the Area of the said Square; or to take down the fame, and to erect, place, and set up, and keep in Repair, a new Fence or Railing, of the like or of any other Materials, and otherwise to improve the said Area and Railing when and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, without Au- Penalty on thority from the said Commissioners, or (in case of Exigency), from any p^1"® or Two or more of them, although not assembled at a Meeting in pursuance letting up in-of this Act, take up or alter the Pavement of the said Carriage Ways or closure>

Foot Ways, or erect or set up any Inclosure, Scaffold, Pod, Bar, or Rail, or other Matter or Thing, for the Purpose of making Mortar and de-pofiting Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, for building or repairing any Houses, Buildings, or other Works, upon the said Carriage Ways or Foot Ways, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and also the Expences of relaying the said Pavement, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, and a Sum not exceeding ILoc.VPer.] Ff Twenty

ii4

Inhabitants to fcleanfe the Pavement;

Empowering Commissioners to erett Lamps, and appoint Watchmen and Inspector Number of Lamps.

How Watchmen to be armed-

Rate*.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

Twenty Shillings per Day, for every Day such Inclosure, Matter, or Thing as aforesaid, shall remain and continue.

XII. And be it further enactrd, That the Occupier or Tenant of every House or Tenement in the said Square and Streets, shall. Once in every Day (if necessary), before the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon Sundays excepted), fwcep and cleanse the Footway before their respective Houses or Tenements, and in Default thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause to be erected or fixed to any Houses or other Buildings, or otherways, within the said Square and Streets, such Number of Lamp Ports, Lamp Irons, and Lamps, as they shall think proper, so that the Number of Lamps in the said Square shall not be leis than Sixteen, nor in the said Street called Young Street less than Six, nor in the said Street called James Street less than Two, between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day, nor less than Eight in the said Square, nor less than Three in Young Street, nor less than One in James Street, between Lady Day and Michaelmas Day in every Year (making good any Damage that may be done thereto) $ and may appoint and employ a competent Number of fit and able-bodied Watchmen by Night, and an Inspector by Day, in the said Square and Streets, and give such Directions concerning the Duties of the said Watchmen and Inspector, and how they shall be armed and stationed, and what Allowances shall be made to them, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable and proper; and it shall be lawful for the said Watchmen and Inspector, or any of them, during the Time of their being upon Duty, to apprehend and secure all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and other disorderly Persons, who shall be found loitering, wandering, or mifbe-having themselves, or who shall be committing any Disorders or Offences against this Act, or whom the said Watchmen, or any of them, shall have reason tofufpeft of any evil Designs; and the Person or Persons so apprehended, shall be secured by such Watchmen and Inspector, or any of them, as soon as conveniently may be, in the Watch House of the Padfh of Kensington, or delivered into the Custody of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby required to fecute such Person or Persons, and as soon as conveniently may be to convey him, her, or them, before some Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, make such Rate or Rates as they shall think fit, upon all Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Stables, Coach Houses, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements already or hereafter to be built, and also upon all Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Square and Streets, which by the Laws in being are liable to be rated towards the Relief of the Poor, in such respective Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, so as such Rate or Rates, do not in any One Year exceed in the Whole the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound for paving and repairing the said Square and Streets, to be a Charge on the Owners; One Shilling in the Pound for lighting and

, - watching

43° GEORGII III. Cap. ro.

t-tj

watching the fame, to be a Charge on the Occupiers, and Sixpence in the Pound for repairing and keeping in Repair the Fence of the said Square, or new fencing and otherways improving the same, to be a Charge on the Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the Square only in equal Moitties; tf the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Houses, Shops,

Warehouses, Stables, Coach Houses, Sheds, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments respectively, such yearly Rent or yearly Value to be ascertained by such Ways and Means as the said Commissioners shall think proper-, and the said Commissioners shall cause the Rates to be several and respective Sums (o rated, to be charged to the Names of, and ^Occupiers! to be collected Quarterly or otherwise from the Tenant and Tenants, Occupier and Occupiers, of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Stables,

Coach Houses, Sheds, Cellars, Vaults, and other Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments who are hereby requited to pay the fame: Provided Tenants to always, that each and every such Tenant and Tenants, Occupier and Oc- didiiitomof copiers, not being the Owner or Owners, who shall pay such Rates or Assessments, or from whom the same shall be recovered in the Manner here-in-after directed, shall and may dedud the Whole of the Paving Rate, and (being an Inhabitant of the said Square), One equal Moiety of the Square’s Fence Rate, from and out of the Rent due or to become due and payable from him, her, or them, to the respective Landlord or Owner-, and the Receipt for the Payment of such Rates shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Tenant or Tenants, or Occupiers, to his, her, or their said Landlord or Owner, for so much Money as he, she, or they shall so pay, or shall be levied on him, her, or them in the Manner directed by this Act: Provided also, that where any House or other Pre- Houses let to miles liable to be rated by virtue of this Act, is let out to Two or more x*n°,"tr,mo'e Tenants, the said Commissioners shall and may rate the Landlord of every Landlords to such House and other the Premises aforesaid; and such Landlord shall berated, bear the Whole of such Rates, but the same shall be paid by One or more of such Tenants: Provided also, that all such Tenants may, and they Tenants to are hereby empowered, to dedud and retain out of the Rents payable to d^ducT*1 ta the Landlords or Owners of the Lid Houses and Premises, all such Money as they shall respectively pay for or towards the said Rates on Behalf of such Landlords or Owners; and the Landlords or Owners are hereby required to allow such Deductions accordingly, upon Receipt of the Remainder of the Rent.

XV. And whereas the Two Houses at the North East and North West Two Houses, Corners of Toung Street and the High Slrtet of the Town of Kmftnglon, are, by virtue of an Act made and passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the andHrgA Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for keeping in Repair the Str‘st> Footways in the High Street of the Town of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and for lighting and watching the said Street, and also certain Courts and Alleys communicating the rewith; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, rated or aft! ffed to the Rates made by virtue of the said recited Act; be it therefore enacted, to be rated That the Tenants of the said Two Houses, for the Time being, and the byn‘s 1 ’ respective Landlords or Owners thereof, shall, from Time to Time, be rated and assessed to the Rate and Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, and be liable to the Powers and Remedies hereby given for the receiving, levying, and recovering thereof; any Thing in the said recited Act of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding:

Provided

n6

43° GEORGII III. Cap. id.

Provided always, that the said Commissioners do and shall abate arrd ' allow unto the said Tenants of the said Two Houses respectively, out of the respective Rates to be made and levied upon them by virtue of this Act, the Rate and Rates to be from Time to Time made and levied by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty.

eri'nu ^e?"*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for powerPe*'fbn« the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as toinfbect the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose appoint, at all convenient Times, to inspect the Books of Assessments to the Land Tax and Poors’ Rates of the said Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in order to ascertain the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act, and to take Copies of such Assessinenis without paying any Thing for the same.

nfyect Books of Af-lillment.

Money nrifing from Rates,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising by the Rates vetted in the to be made by virtue of this Act, is hereby vested in the said Commis-Commission. sioners for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall *er of Keco" anc* may cau^e ^ates (after Demand thereof made, and Refusal

very. or Neglect to pay the fame), to be levied by virtue of a Warrant under

the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, directed to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay, wheresoever the fame may be found, and to detain and keep the lame until such Rates, with the reasonable Charges of such distraining and keeping, shall be paid; and it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of five Days next after such Distress taken, to fell the Goods and Chattels so distrained, returning the Overplus (if any), after such Rate or Rates, and the reasonable Charge of such distraining and keeping, and felling the Distress, shall be deducted, to the Owner or Owners upon Demand.

Empty Houses, how to be rated.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and for so long Time as any of the said Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall remain unoccupied, only One Half Part of the said Paving Rate and Square Fence Rate and Assessments, shall be payable or collected; and such One Half Part, in Default of Payment thereof by the respective Owners or Proprietors, shall be paid by and recoverable from any Tenants or Occupiers who shall afterwards come into the Possession or Occupation of such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, and such Tenants or Occupiers may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, to deduct and retain, out of their respective Rents, all the Money which they shall have so paid in respect of the said Houses, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, during the Time the same shall have been so unoccupied as aforesaid; and their respective Landlords shall, and are hereby required, to allow such Deduction, upon Receipt of the Residue of their respective Rents-, and such Tenants or Occupiers shall be and are hereby acquitted and discharged respectively, of and from so much of their Rents as the Money they shall so pay will amount unto.

Persons rated

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall bean Oc-ny othe?,0 cuP‘er» charged towards any of the Rates to be raised by virtue of this

43° GEORGII III. Cap. to *17

Act, shall be liable to or charged with any other Rate made or to be Rateforpav-made for or towards the paving, lighting, or watching any Square, Street, inS> e,c-m or Place, ether than the said Square, Young Street, and James Street slave K‘ fmsUn-and except only the Occupiers of the said Two Houses, as rated by the said recited Act only) j any Law or Ul'age to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That true and fair Accounts of all Accounts the Monies which shall be rated, levied, and received, and which shall be laid out and expended by virtue of this Act, and of all Orders, Acts, to be entered, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act,

shall, from Time to Time be regularly entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose; which Books, together with the Books of the Rates and Assessments herein-before directed to be made, may be perused at all fcasonable Times by any Person or Persons chargeable to the said Rates; and such Books, or any of them, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in any Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful fot Power tobor* the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, upon the Credit of the said ,onMcredyit Rates, collectively and separately, as alter mentioned, to borrow and of Rato, take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall rhink needful, so that the whole Principal Money to be due at any One Time upon

the Credit of the said Rates shall not exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds; that is to say, upon the Credit of the said paving, lighting, and watching Rates collectively, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds; and upon the said Square’s Fence Rate separately, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds; and to mortgage or assign over the said Rates, collectively and separately as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or of any of them, to any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years, as a Security far the Money so to be borrowed, and the Interest thereof; and Copies of all such Securities shall be entered at Length in a Book to be kept by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and every Alignment or Transfer of any such Security shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, within Three Months after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made, for which Entry he shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and every such Book shall be perused at all seasonable Times by any Person interested, without Fee or Reward.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That out of the First Money arising Application by the Rates which shall be collected by virtue of this Act, or to be of Money-borrowed upon the Credit thereof, the said Commissioners shall, in the

bird Place, pay and defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, in the following Proportions; that is to say, Three Fourth Parts thereof out of and from the Money so arising from and to be borrowed upon the paving and watching and lighting Rates, and the other One Fourth Part thereof out of and from the Money so arising from and to be borrowed upon the Square's Fence Rate; and after Payment thereof, all the Money which shall arise or reme to the Hands of the said Commissioners or their Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, from or to be borrowed upon the said paving and [Lot. & Per.] Gg watching

Ji8

Penalty on wilfully breaking Lamps.

Or accidentally breaking Lamps.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. to.

watching and lighting Rates, shall, from Time to Time, he applied in paving, gravelling, repairing, lighting, and watching the Lid Square and Streets, and in defraying all other Charges and Expences incident thereto, and attending the Execution of this Act (excepting only the Charges and Expences herein-afeer particularly mentioned to be paid out of the Square’s Fence Rate), and in paying the Imerelt of the Money to be borrowed thereon as aforesaid, and also in paying off such Money; and all the Money which shall arise or come to the Hands of the said Commissioners or their Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, from or to be borrowed upon the said Square’s Fence Rate, after paving the reout as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be applied in repairing the Fence or Railing of the Area of the said Square, and in erecting and setting up, and keeping in Repair, any new Fence or Railing of the like or of any other Materials, and in otherways improving the said Area and Railing, when and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall see fit, and in paying the Interest of the Money to be borrowed thereon, separately as aforesaid, and also in paying off such Money.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, take away, spoil, or otherwise damage any Lamp, Lamp Irons or Lamp Pod, vested in the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend; and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to keep him, her, or them, in safe Custody, and with all reasonable Dispatch to convey him, her, or them, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, and such Justice shall examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confeflton, or upon such Evidence as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Lamp, Lamp Iron, or Lamp Post so broken, thrown down, or damaged; and shall also make full Satisfaction for the Damage which shall have been done thereby, and One Moiety of such Forfeiture shall be paid to the Person or Persons apprehending the Offender, and the other Moiety to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case any such Offender shall not on Conviction pay the said Forfeiture and Satisfaction, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be looner paid; and if any Person shall carelessly or accidentally break or damage any of the said Lamps, Lamp Posts, or Lamp Irons, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction to the said Commissioners for the Damage to be done thereby, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, upon Complaint thereof made to him, to summon the Party complained of, and upon hearing the Parties on both Sides, or Non-appearance of the Party complained of, to examine the Matter of Complaint, and award such Sum of Money by Way of Satisfaction to the said Commissioners for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal forthwith to pay such Money, then the fame, and all Expences attending the Recovery thereof, may be levied and recovered . - as

4'3° GEORG?II lit. Cap. ic*

as any Penalty or Forfeiture is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Occupiers of Encroach-Houses and other Buildings within the said Square and Streets, shall at me,lU-their own Costs and Charges, within such Time and in such Manner as

the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, (by Notice in Writing under the Hands of a Majority of the Commissionei s present at any of their Meetings, to be delivered to such Occupiers or left at their Dwelling Houses), direct, cause all Trees, Sign Irons, Sign Polls, and other Polls, Peothouses, Spouts, Steps encroaching upon the Footways, Shop Windows, and Cellar Windows, and other Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances, which now or hereafter shall belong to the respective Houses or other Buildings, or be within the said Square and Streets, to be cut down, removed, or altered, and the Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, and Penthouses of such Houses or other Buildings, by pruper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks to be affixed to the Sides of t'uch Houses and other Buildings, and from thence by proper’

Drains under the said Foot Pavements, or otherwise into the Common Drains or Sewers; and in case the Occupier of any such House or other Building shall neglect or refuse lo to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be done, and to cause all the Costs and Charges attending the fame, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County, rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and if the Occupier of any such House or other Building, fnnt being the Owner) shall remove or alter any such Encroachment, Obstruction, or Annoyance as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, (except such as shall be ‘ put up or occasioned by such Occupier, being a Tenant), it shall be lawful for every such Occupier, being a Tenant, to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof out of his or her Rent; and the Landlord is hereby requited to allow the fame accordingly.

XXV. And be it farther enacted, That no Person shall carry, run, or penalty on drive any Wheelbarrow, or any Wheel, whether affixed to any Carriage occasioning or not, or shall wilfully ride, dfive, or lead any-Horle,or other Beast or-Nuisance*. Cattle, along any Parc of the Lid Footways, or suffer any Horse or Cattle

to stand upon any Part of the said Footways, or suffer any Swine to wander upon the said Footways or Carriage Ways in the said Square and Street', or any of them; or shall set or place any Goods, Wares, or other Things, upon any Part of the said Footways or CarriageWays, so as to obstruct or incommode the Pailage thereof, or txercifc in the said Square or Stieets any Horse or Horles, whether in or out of any Carriage, for breaking in of Horses; Or shall beat any Carpets, or play at any Games, or commit any Trespass, either upon the Land or Ground within the Fence of the said Square, or in or upon the Foot or Carriage Ways of the said Square and Streets, or throw or place any Dirt, Dull, Ashes, or any Timber, Stone, Log of Wood, or other Thing, within or on the said Square and Streets, or any of them; and that no Person other than the Noperson Person employed by or under the said Commissioners, shall go about to other than

collect the Person

employed by

I 20

the Commissioners, to carry away Dull, tit.

Hour* for col. leering Dull. Kt.

Commiss,oners may contract.

43° GEORGII Ift. Cap. 10.

collect or gather, or shall take or carry away, any Dust, Cinders, or Ashes, out of the said Square or Streets or use or employ any Cart or other Carriage in carrying any Dust, Cinders, or Ashes out of the fame; and if any Person shall offend in any of the Cases aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, to apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in apprehending, the Offender, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him or her before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, and such Justice shall examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending the Offender, or any Witness or Witnessrs who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party arcufed shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his or her own Confession, or upon Information as aforesaid, he or (Ire so convicted (hd! for eve<y such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, and One Half of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender, and One Half to the said Commissioners and in case the Person who shall take or carry away any such Dust, Cinders, or A(his, contrary to the Directions of this Act, cannot be apprehended, the Owner of the Cart in which the same shall be carried, shall be subject to the said Penalty; and in case any such Offender shall noc upon Conviction pay the said Penalty, such Justice is hereby required to commit him or her to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Month, nor less than Seven Days, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Owners of any such Dust, Cinders, or Allies, to carry away the fame for their own Use, but not for Sale.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons contracting with the said Commissioners for the said Dust, Cinders, and Allies, shall Once in every Week at the lead, between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Evening, attend in the said Square and Streets, (of which Attendance he or they shall give Notice by ringing a Bell), and shall, upon Request of any of the Inhabitants, or their Servants or Lodgers, go into all and every the Houses and other Places where any Dust, Cinders, or Ashes shall be depofued, and take and put into Carts and carry away the fame; and if any Person so contracting, or any Person employed by him, shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall forfeit and pay for every Neglect or Refusal, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, and One Half of furh Penalty shall be paid to the Inhabitant complaining, and the ocher Half to the said Commissioners.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may from Time to Time, if they think proper, contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the doing and performing all or any of the Works by this Act authorized or directed to be done; and in case any of the Works to be done and performed by any such Contractor shall not be well and sufficiently done and performed according to such Contract, the said Commissioners may cause an Action to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, against any such Contractor, for any Penalty contained in his Contract; and on Proof of the signing such Contract,

121

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

tract and Non-performance thereof, the said Commissioners shall be enti* titled to, and shall recover the Penalty contained in such Contract: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners (if they shall see fit) to compound and agree with such Contractor for any Penalty incurred by him for the Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract, for such Sum of Money as the said Commissionens shall think proper, not being less than the Injury or Damage fuftairied by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract, and of-all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby. - 1

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionets may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk, and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them,' in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners-, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suie shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act* all such Costs and Charges as by the Evenc of any such Proceedings he shall be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being lo made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein-before directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall be or reside, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to granr, upon the Information of any credible Witness upon Oath -, and the Overplus, (if any) after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered upon Demand to the Party whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, shall (unless otherwise directed to be disposed of by this Act), be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months* unless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all Expences attending the Recovery thereof, shall be fo Oner paid; and in all Actions* Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerns ing the Execution of this Act. any Inhabitant of the said Square and Streets shall be admitted to give Evidence, nofvithltanding his or her being rated or assessed by virtue of this Act j any Law, Custom, or Usagetothe contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any of the said Commissioners, who are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Mid-diejex, may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, not-

[Loc. £sf Err.) Hb withstanding

Commissioners may lue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

Mode of levying and Application of Penalties.

Inhabitants may give Evidence.

Justices being Commissioners may act as such.

1.22

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

-WithlUnding their being Commissioners, except in Cases wherfe they shall be personally interested.

Application of

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed where^xceed- or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, ing ,uo/. or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which IhftlLbelong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Nannf.nnd with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, alfefting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exilling undetermined and capable of taking Efieft: j and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds par Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, raken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Wriiing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the

'Name

Application where the Money doe» not exceed aeo I. nor left than as /.

123

43° GEORGII III. Cap. IO.

Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option), to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and Dividends thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, he, she, or they may apply to the said Commissioners at their First Meeting to be holden after the Expiration of Five Days after the demanding of such Rate-, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Person and Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem reasonable; and if any such Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners therein, or if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by any other Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Middlesex, or any Petty Session of the Peace to be holden within the said Town of Kensington, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving Fourteen Days Notice at the lead in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within Five Days after such Notice, entering into a Recogni-z.nee before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two fuffirient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Session; and the Justices at such Quarter or Petty Session shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as they shall think proper; and their Determination therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be

had

Application where Money is left than tel.

Persons aggrieved by the Rates, may appeal to Commissioneri;

and if difTa-tisfied, may appeal to Quarter or Petty Sessions-'

No Proceedings rem iv. able by Ctrli*. ran.

124

Diltreli n6t Unlawful for Want of FOrm.

LimifstiBn of A£tior,s.

X'1 1

lit, ti

to 10! troiltaS '

[Publick Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

had touching the Conviction of atiy Offender against this Act, shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any subsequent Irregularity in the Proceedings of the Person or Persons making such Distress; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage, in an Action upon the Cafe,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Commenced against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Thirty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed , and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Ifiiie, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before such Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant , and upon such Ver-did, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant shall appear, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath fur Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed apublick Ad, and adjudged and taken to be so, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON:

Printers

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADR AGESIMO TERTLO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* i*

Cap. ii.

An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for forming and keeping in Repair, the Streets, and other publick Passages and "Places, within a certain DiJlriEl in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same.

[24th l&arch 1803.]

I ’▼ WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the

I \/\/ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for forming

T ▼ and keeping in Repair the Streets, and other publick PaJJ'ages and Places, within a certain Disirtcl in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same, certain Powers were given and granted to the Commissioners of the said District, for the several Purposes in the said recited Ail mentioned and contained: And whereas the Commissioners of the said District, acting under the said Act, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, to the great Benefit of the said District, and of the Publick at large: But, that in order more effectually to carry the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be amended, altered, and enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-[Loc. & Per.J 1 i mons,

30 Geo. 3.

I 2 6

Comm'ffioners authorized to cUanfe the Streets.

Contractors to bring proper Carriages into the Streets, and to give Notice of their Approach.

Penalty on Persons collecting Duff, etc. who are not autho-lized to do so.

’ 43° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after che Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said District to nominate and appoint any Pci foil or Persons, and to purchase any Number of Carts and Horses f >r the Purpose of cleansing the Streets, and other publick Passages and Places within the Limits of the said District, and of carrying away the Duff, Dirr, Cinders, or Ashes from any House or Houfts, or other Premises within the same, or to contract with any Person or Persons for so doing.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons employed by or contracting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the said Streets, and other publick Passages and Places as aforesaid, or those employed under such Contractor or Contractors, shall Twice in every Week or oftener, bring or cause to be brought Carts or other proper Carriages into all the Streets, and other publick Passages and Places as aforesaid, where such Carts or Carriages can pals, and at or before their Approach, by found of Bell, or with an audible and distinct Voie'e, give Notice to the Inhabitants of their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court, Alley, or Place into which the said Carts or Carriages cannot pals.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, other than the Person or Persons so employed by or contradhng with the said Commissioners for cleansing the Streets, and other publick P.stages and Places, under their Direction, or those employed under such Contractor or Contradfors, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, go about to collect or gather, or shall ask for, receive, or carry away any Duff, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, from any House or other Premises within the Limits aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, upon Complaint to him made, to grant a Warranc to bring before him such Offender or Offenders, at che Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be specified, or for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed to seize, and also for any orher Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horses, Afies, Catrle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages or Implements made Use of for carrying away the fame, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey him, her, or them before such Justice, and such Justice shall, and he is hereby authorized and required, to examine upon Oath, the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, or any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of going about to collect or gather, asking for, receiving, or carrying away any Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes from any House or other Premises within the Limits aforesaid, net being the Person or Persons so employed by or contradling with the said Commissioners, or acting under his or their Authority, he, she, or they shall respectively, for the First Offence, fotfeic and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and for the Third and every iubfcquent Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings; and One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety to the Purpose* of the said recited Act and this Act; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately on Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, such Justice is hereby required

9 L vl to

127

43° GEORGII III. Cap. i r.

to direct such Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages or Implements which shall have been so seized, to be appraised and told, and after deducing out of the Monies to arise by such Sale the Penalty or Penalties incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned to the Party or Parties whose Horses or other Things shall be appraised and fold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, or if the Horses, Asses, Cattle, or other Things which shall be so appraised and fold, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges, and Expences, then if such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately upon Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, or such Part or Parts of the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Horles, Asses, Cattle, and other Things so seized and fold, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Middlesex, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Thirty Days, nor lets than Ten Days, unless such Penalty or Penalties, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, shall be fopner paid and satisfied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to direct all and every Person and Persons, who are by the said recited Act required to level, form, and cover with Gravel, not less than Six Inches thick, the Carriage-ways of all such Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, within the said District, in the First Place properly and effectually to fill up the fame; and also to direct all and every Person and Persons, who are required to pave the Foot-ways in the whole Front of their respective Houses, Buildings, and Tenements, to set up and erect proper and sufficient Ports, at such Distances and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

V. And whereas there are and maybe several Pieces or Parcels of Ground within the Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, already or hereafter to be set out or made within the said District, unbuilt upon, the Carriage and Foot-ways to and in the Front? whereof are neither filled up, levelled, formed, covered with Gravel, or paved, nor Ports set up and erected, and it would be a Means of forwarding the good Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, if Builders or others, who by Law are liable to fill up, level, form, cover with Gravel, and pave the lame, were to compound with the said Commissioners; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to view and inspect all Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, already or hereafter to be let out or made within the said District , and if upon such View they shall be of Opinion that the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, is or are lit and proper for the Area or F'ence Walls abutting thereon to be built, and the Carriage and Footways to be filled up, levelled, formed, covered with Grave), or paved, or Ports to be set up and erected, the said Conmuffiontrs, or any Three or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act, after such View, shall and may order their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose, to give Notice to the Lclfee or Leffccs of all and every such Lands or Grounds, or leave the lame at his, her, or their Lit or usual Place of Abode, or with his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, or if no

Carriage Ways of the Streets to be covered with Gravel, etc. ‘

Lessees of Ground to compound for forming Carriage Ways, etc.

128

43° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

such Lessee or Lessees can be found, then such Notice shall be stuck against the said Premises, or any Part thereof, which Notice shall require such Ltffee or Lessees to mtet the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at the Time and Place to be therein mentioned (not being less than Six Days from the Date of such Notice), to compound for building such Area or Fence Walls, and for filling up, levelling, forming, and covering the Carriage-ways with Gravel, not less than Six Inches thick, and paving the Foot-ways in the whole Front thereof, and forfeiting up and erecting Ports; and if such Lessee or Lessees shall not attend, or shall not compound and agree with the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Area or Fence Walls to be built, the said Carriage and Footways to be filled up, levelled, formed, covered with Gravel, and paved, and Ports to be fct up and erected forthwith, or as soon as conveniently may be, and all the Charges and Expence.s attending ti e building such Walls, filling up, levelling, forming, covering w th Gravel, and paving and setting up and erecting Ports, shall be paid by the respective Lessee or Lessees, and shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of their Goods and Chattels, in the same Manner as the Rates and Assessments laid by virtue of the said recited Act are therein directed to be levied and recovered.

Publick Build-

VI. And for as much as it is reasonable that all publick Buildings and

Wailslo be3 ah dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground within the said District should rated. be rated and assessed in a due Proportion for the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners at their Discretion, and they are hereby required from Time to Time to rate and assess towards the Purports of the said recited Act and this Act, all Chapels, Meeting Houses, Markets, Warehouses, and all other pubLk Buildings whatsoever, within the said District, which now is, or are, or hereafter may be built, and which are not charged in respect of any Dwelling House by the Pound Rate, or otherwise by virtue of the said recited Act, at a Rate not exceeding Two Shillings in the Pound, according to the Directions of the said recited Act; and where the annua! Value cannot be fully ascertained, then and in either of the said Cases the same shall be charged and assessed at a Rate not exceeding Nine-pence per Square Yard in any One Year of the Pavement and Road paved, gravelled, or repaired, and not exceeding One Shilling per Square Yard of the Foot-way and Carriage-way paved, lighted, and watched, repaired, and gravelled, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and situate, lying, and being in any of the said Streets or other publick Passages and Places, and belonging to or lying before such Chapel, Meeting House, Warehouse, or other publick Building; and the said Commissioners shall also at their Discretion, yearly or oftener, (if needful) assess all Burying Grounds, dead Walls, except such dead Walls as are situate in the Return of Streets; and all Garden Walls bounding or abutting on any Mews or Lanes), and void Spaces of Ground, towards the Purposes aforesaid, and which are not charged in respect of any Dwelling House or other Building by the Pound Rate, or otherwise, by virtue of the said recited Act, so that in the whole such Rate or Assessment shall not in any One Year exceed the Sum of Nine-pence for every Square Yard-of Pavement and Road paved, gravelled, or repaired, nor the Sunt of One Shilling for every Square Yard of Foot-way

129

43° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

and Carriage-way paved, lighted, and watched, repaired, and gravelled* under the Direction of the said Commissioners, firuate as aforesaid, or belonging to or lying before such Burying Grounds, dead Walls, or void Spaces of Ground; and all Rates and Assessments to be made and paid for all such Burying Grounds, Chapels, Meeting Houses, Markets, Ware-houses, or other publick Buildings, dead Walls, or void Spaces of Ground respectively, shall be paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be charged and chargeable on the said Premises, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as other Rates and Assessments are directed to be recovered and applied by the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of every House Occupiers of or Tenement within the said Districr, and in respect to Inniates, every deanfethe House Owner shall, Once in every Day* between the Hours of Eight Footways and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, ferape, sweep, and °nce aDay* cleanse the Footway all along the Front of their respective Houses and Tenements* or cause the same to be feraped, swept, and cleansed, and in

Default thereof shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, upon the Oath of Two or more credible Witnesses; which Oath such Justice is hereby requited and empowered to administer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom- Penalty on soever shall dig any Earth, or leave any Hole in any Street, or other pub- p*nrfog‘*cr lick Passage or Place, before any House or Tenement built or in building j^wng^oies within the said District, for the Purpose of making Vaults, or any other in the Streets* Purposes whatsoever, and shall not inclose the fame in a good and sufficient

Manner, to be approved of by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners; cr if any such Person or Persons shall keep up such Inclosure longer than the said Commissioners shall think absolutely necessary, or shall not well and sufficiently fence or rail before the Area or Areas fronting to any Street, or publick Passage or Place, every Person or Persons guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Week that such Nuisance shall be continued.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on within any Street, or other publick Passage or Place already or hereafeer Pets!"fr.C?ii* to be set out or made within the said Distritl, beat or dull any Carpet or the streets. Carpets, or drive any Carriage or Carriages for the Purpose of breaking

Hotfes, or ride, lead, or drive any Horse for the Purpose of exercising or airing such Horse, (otherwise than by passing through such Street, or Other publick Passage or Place); then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Wit-nels or Witnesses, to issue a Warrant, requiring such Offender or Offenders to appear before him, at such Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified; and every such Offender or Offenders shall for every such Offence, being thereof duly convicted upon the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty [Lot. ds? Per.'] Kk Shillings,

130 43° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

Shillings nor less than Five Shillings; and in case the Person who shall beat or dust such Carpet or Carpets, or drive such Carriage or Carriages for the Purpose of breaking Horses, or ride, lead, or drive any Horse for the Purpose of exercising or airing such Horse, (otherwise than as aforesaid) cannot be apprehended, that then a like Penalty of Forty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings shall be forfeited by the Owner of such Carpet or Carpets, Carriage or Carriages, or Horse or Horses.

Penalty on X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall run, ria«sSor.ar" drive, or draw, or causetobe run, driven, or drawn, on any of the Foot riding'or lead Pavements within any of the Streets, or other publick Passages and Places,

'*s within the said District, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow,

Foot Pave- Truck, or any Carriage whatsoever, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive

mentt. any Horse, Cow, Afs, or other Cattle, Coach, or other Carriage whatso-

ever, upon any Part of the said Foot Pavements; then and in any such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnessfes, to issue a Warrant, requiring such Offender or Offenders to appear before him at such Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and they are hereby required so to do by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant to convey and deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before such Justice of the Peace; and the Party or Parties accused being so brought before such Justice, such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnessts who shall appear or be produced to give Information touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted of any such Offences respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings, over and above the Expences of repairing any Damage thac may be occasioned thereby, the Amount of which shall be ascertained by the said Justice, for the First Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Second Offence, and the Sum of Forty Shillings for the Third and every other subsequent Offence; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not upon such Conviction pay such Forfeitures by him, her, or them incurred as aforesaid, the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Thirty Days nor less than Eive Days.

Penalty on obstructing Officers.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or molest any Surveyor or Surveyoi*, or other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be employed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, every Person or Persons so offending, shall for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Three Pounds.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. n. 131

XII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and commission-for the said Commissioners to caofe to be dug, carted, and carried out of, ersta rePair or brought into the said several Streets and other publick Passages and treet5’ Places already or hereafter to be set out or made, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, such Gravel, Stones, and other Materials as they shall judge necessary, and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channels running in or through the same to be turned or altered, new Grates to the Common Sewers to be added or replaced, and in what Numbers or Places they shall think proper, and the Water Pipes which now lie or hereafter shall be laid under Ground to be taken up and new laid in such Places, Manner, and Form, as they shall judge belt, the Charges and Ifxpences of taking up, altering, and relaying such Pipes to be borne and paid by the said Commissioners, but the said Commissioners shall not remove or cause to be removed any Water Pipes, without giving Notice to and advising with the Inspectoror Supervisor of the Water Company to which such Pipes belong; and that the said Commissioners may likewise cause such Number of Ports to be set up and erected in or upon any of the said Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, at such Distances and in such Manner as they shall think proper, and may cause all or any of the Ports and Rails already erected, set up, and affixed, or hereafter to be erected,fec up, and affixed, to be painted or repaired, and new Polls and Rails to be set up, erected, and affixed, in the Place of such of them as shall be decayed or rendered uleless.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Main Rejecting or Mains, Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water Company, who now Water p>Pes> furniffi, or shall hereafter furnish the Inhabitants of the said District with Water, and which now lie, or shall hereafter be laid under Ground in any of the said Streets, or other publick Passages or Places, shall happen to break, but ft, or decay, so as to require Reparation, the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, shall forthwith give, or cause to be given. Notice thereof, in Writing, to the Paviour or Supervisor of every such Water Company; and the Paviour or Supervisor of such Water Company, to whom the said Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes shall belong, is and are hereby required to take up the Pavement and open the Ground, and cauie or procure the said Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the said Ground, rant down, and make good the fame with Gravel, in all Cases where the same shall not have been paved, within Two Days next after such Notice to be given, and as loon as such Main or Pipe shall have been so repaired, and the Ground so filled up, rammed down, and gravelled, he or they shall give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing. to the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being of the said Commissioners; and if tire Paviour or Paviours, Supervisor or Supervisors, of any such Water Comptny, to or for whotn such Notice shall be given or left at his or their last Place or Places of Abode, shall, by the Space of Two Days next after the giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to take up such Pavement, and open such Ground, and cause or procure such Mam or Mains, Pipe or Pipes to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the Ground so taken up, or to give such immediate Notice of his having so done to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Commifli or.ers for the Time being, then and in every

132

How the Expences of le-laying the Pavement opened for hying down or repairing Water Pipes shall b« paid.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. ti.

Rich Cafe, the Person or Persons so respectively refusing ot- neglecting shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds and if any Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, not belonging to any Water Company, shall happen to break, burst, or decay as aforesaid, in any of the said Streets, or other publick Passages and Places, then and in every such Case, the respective Owner or Owners thereof shall forthwith cause the Ground over the same to be opened, and such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes to be repaired, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Sjrveyor or Surveyors for the Time being of the said Comtfiissioners; or in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and if any Pavement shall be broken or taken up for the Purpose of making, repairing, or altera ing any Main, Pipe, Vault, or Drain, then and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the said Pavement, or causing the same to be so broken or taken up, shall, as soon as the Nature of the Work will permit, cause the Ground to b: filled in or rammed down, and Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Time being, of the said Commissioners; or in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and if such Surveyor or Surveyors, to whom any such Notice as aforesaid shall be so given, shall, by the Space of Two Days next after the giving of such Notice to him or them as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to relay and repair, or cause to be relaid and repaired, the Pavement so broken up, then and in every such Case, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings- for every Day such Pavement shall be neglected to be relaid or repaired after the Expiration of the said Two Days: Provided always, that if it shall fj happen, that at any Time there shall be no regular or fixed Appointment of a Paviour or Surveyor of any such Water Company, then and in such Case such Notice shall be delivered to or left at the Office of the Clerk or Secretary of such Company, and considered as sufficient Notice for the Purposes aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That the Charges and Expences of relaying the Pavement or gravelling the Ground which shall be broken, taken up, or opened for the Purposes of laying down, repairing, or amending any such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, shall be reimbursed and paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the fame, by the Clerk or Treasurer, for the Time being, of any such Water Company to whom such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes shall belong, or if the same shall not belong to any such Water Company, then by the respective Owner or Owners thereof; and if such Clerk or Treasurer to any such Water Company, or the respective Owner or Owners of such Main or Mains, Pipe or Pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such Charges and Expences, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame within Ten Days next after Demand thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and kfc at their respective Dwelling Houses or last Places of Abode, or at the Office of such Company, together with a Bill to be annexed to such Demand, containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, then and in every such Case, the Money so expended shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners of and from the Company, or Person or Persons so liable thereto, by Action or Actions of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information,

i33

43° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

tion in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after such Demand reflectively, in which Action or Actions, Suit or Suits respectively, no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in order to discharge the Principal Money and Interest already advanced and lent, or which may be Money and hereafter advanced and lent upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments ln^r‘(}lo*d* made by virtue of the said recited Act, it shall and may be lawful to and crtdacTthe for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and directed, Rates, yearly and every Year, to decluft, appropriate, and set apart, the Sum of One Penny in the Pound of the Total Amounc of the yearly Rent or Value of the several Houses and other Buildings, Lands, and Grounds within the said District; and the said Sum or Sums of Money so to be set apart and appropriated, shall be, from Time to Time, taken and deduced from and out of the Rate and A/feffment levied and collected for forming and keeping in Repair the Streets, and other publick Passages and Places within the said District, and for otherwise improving the same:

Provided always, that such Sum or Sums of Money so to be deducted, set apart, and appropriated as aforesaid, shall not at any Time exceed the Proportion of One-twentieth Part of such Rates or Assessments as shall have been actually levied and collected, and shall only be lo deducted, set apart, and appropriated at such Titne or Times as the said Rate or Assessment shall not exceed the full Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound in any One Year.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and R^aing for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empower- Surplus of ed, from Time to Time, when and as often as the Surplus of the said llate‘

Rate (if any), shall, together with the Produce of One Penny in the Pound, so to be set apart and appropriated, amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds or upwards, to pay off and discharge the Money borrowed

and to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Rate, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and a separate Account shall be kept of the Sums of Money paid off and discharged by the Surplus of the said Rate, distirict from those which shall be paid off and discharged by the Sum so appropriated as aforesaid by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application of or awarded to be paid for any Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or ultd by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act /. "

and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Peme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid inr6 the Bank of England, in the Name and wuh the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court ot Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Commissioners for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to {Lee. fc? Per.} LI the

134 43° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

the Rents and Profits of the said Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redempfon of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge or any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, 01 Farts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the Line shall be laid out and invetted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Buildings, Lands, cr Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments which shall be lb purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, (bad be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Thietr Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bark Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated cr Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Courr, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in cale such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money

MoiT 'does asreed or awarded to be Pa‘d for any Buildings, Lands, or Hercdi-

noTexceedS taments purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes aforesaid, and be-sool, nor Iefs longing to any Corporation, or any Person or Persons under Disability or than lot. Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified by Writing under their respective Hands], be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option), to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, anti the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, lo far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Coure of Chancery.

Application

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo-

where Money pey, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall ujeftthan jess tjjan Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied

43° GEORGII III. Cap. it. 135

applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit \ or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for |°rP^"gtfhe the said Commissioners to pay and discharge the Expences attending the the ° obtaining and patting this Act, by and out of such Monies as they may think fit to borrow by virtue of the Power and Authority given to them in and by the said recited Act, or by and out of any of the Rates or Af-leffments by the said recited Act granted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Recovery of this Act imposed (the Manner of recovering whereof is not hereby other- Kna*tie5‘ wife directed), shall be levied and recovered in such Manner and Form

in all Respects, as the Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be levied and recovered by the said recited Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting Powers of under or by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be Commissioners for eTt'"n led to carrying into Execution the several Powers and Authorities given by this this Act. Act, and that the said Commissioners shall have as full and ample Powers

of rating, assessing, and levying all such Sums of Money as they shall deem necessary for the Purposes of this Act, as are given to them in and by the said recited Act; and that all other the Provisions of the said recited Act (except such as are hereby varied or altered), shall be extended to this Act, in as full, large, and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prtfinc Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, PublUk Act. adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS,

Cap. 12.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of several A.cts, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Ring George the Second, and in the Nineteenth and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals.

[24th March 1803.]

HEREaS by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing 31 Geo. a. Agreements made between Charles Brandling Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way in orderfor the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of Yoik, with Coals, the said Charles Branding, Lord of the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, was and were empowered to lay down a Waggon Way from his or their Coal Mines or Coal Works in Middleton aforesaid, or elsewhere, to the Coal Yard or Repository fixed by the said recited Act upon a certain Field or open Place called Cajfon Close, near the Great Bridge at Leeds aforesaid, and certain Agreements were established, and certain Rates, Powers, and Authorities were given and granted for supplying the \Lot. (if Per.] M m said

I3« 43° GEORG!] III. Cap. 12.

said Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds with Coals: And whereas by One other. Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present 19 Geo. 3. Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more beneficial an Act made in the ‘Thirty first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, ‘ An ‘ del for establishing Agreements made between Charles Brandling bfquire,

and other Perfns, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Waggon Way ‘ in order for the belter supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in

the County of York, with Coals, by enabling the said Charles Brandling to [apply annually a larger Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood, and for regulating the Price of carrying Coals from the Repoftory at Cation Close, certain other Rates, Powers, and Authorities were given and granted, for the better and more effectually supplying of the said Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds with Coals: And whereas by another Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign

33 Geo. 3. of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood cf Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, certain other Powers and Authorities were given and granted: And whereas the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds are very well satisfied and convinced that, on Account of the advanced Price of Labour, and of the Materials used in and about the said Coal Works, and in the working thereof, and that as Charles John Brandling Esquirr, the present Owner of the said Coal Works, has been at a very great Expence in making fresh Winnings in the said Coal Works, and in making and laying additional Waggon Ways therefrom, the Sum of Thirteen Shillings and One Penny for each and every Waggon of Coals containing Twenty-four Corves, each Corf being in Weight about Two hundred and ten Pounds, and in Measure Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Cubical Inches, allowed to be demanded and taken by the last recited Act, is not an adequate or sufficienr Price to be demanded and taken for the said Coals so brought down and delivered at the said Repository at Caffon Close, and that the said Price is much lower than the Price demanded and taken at all other Coal Works in the Neighbourhood: And whereas if on Account of the present inadequate Price or Rate of the said Coals, the said Charles John Brandling should discontinue and give up the said Waggon Way or Repository, it would materially injure the Manufacturers of the said Town and Parish of Leeds, and be a Cause of great Distress to the Inhabitants in general: And whereas the said Charles John Brandling cannot, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, fell and deliver his said Coals, at the said Repository in the Borough of Leeds, at any higher Price or Rate than Sixpence Halfpenny a Corf: May it therefore

please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s rnofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Rates, Clauses, Powers, Agreements, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Directions, Payments, Provisions. Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained (except such Parts of the same as may relate to any Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and the same are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect from and after

139

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

the passing of this Act, during the Continuance of the Time or Term granted by the said recited Acts, for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Acts and this present Act into Execution, as fully, largely, and amply, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles John Brandling, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Coal Works in Middleton, to sell and dispose of his and their Coals which shall be deposited and laid up in or upon the said Repository at Cajfon Close aforesaid, or at any other Place near thereto, to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, unto the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds, at the Rate and Price of Sixteen Shillings for each and every Waggon of Coals, such Waggon containing Twenty-four Corves, each Corf containing in Weight about Two hundred and ten Pounds, and in Measure Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Cubical Inches, any Thing in the said recited Acts, or in any of the Leases or Agreements granted in pursuance thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Right and Interest of the said Charles John Brandling, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns in the said Leases or Agreements, shall not cease and determine, but that he and they shall continue to have the fame Interest therein although the said Coals are sold at the said Sum or Price of Sixteen Shillings a Waggon Load as aforesaid.

III. And whereas the greatest Part of the Coals brought down to the said Repository, or to some Place near thereto from the said Coal Works of the said Charles John Brandling, may be purchased and taken away by Persons residing at a great Distance from the said Town of Leeds, whereby the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds will be deprived of the Benefit and Advantage intended to result to them by virtue of the said recited Acts and Agreements, to the great Distress of the Inhabitants and Detriment of the Manufactories carried on in the said Town and Parish; be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be lawful to fell, dispose of, or deliver any Waggon or Waggons, Corf or Corves, Tub or Tubs, Quantity or Quantities of Coals, which shall be brought down to or deposited in the said Repository in Cajfon Close aforesaid, or in any other Place near thereto, to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, to any Person or Persons but to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds; and any Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered as in Manner herein directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Charles John Brandling, or other Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being of the said Coal Works within the said Manor of Middleton, shall bring or cause to be brought down for the Use and Consumption of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds, to the said Repository in Cajfon Close, or to some other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, on every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thujday, Friday, and Saturday, {Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fall Days by

Procla-

Empowering Mr. Brandling to raise the Price of Coal*.

For the Dif-pofai of Coals.

Mr. Br Milling shall bring down so many Corves of Coals from MiddleUn.

140 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Proclamation, excepted), in each and every Week, Eighty Waggons of One thousand nine hundred and twenty Corves, whereof any Number of Waggons,*such Number not being less than Ten Waggons, shall be laid down at the said Repofnory or at some Place near thereto, to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, in each and every such Day, to be divided into smaller or less Quantities than a Waggon of Twenty-four Corves, in case Sale shall be had for the fame, unless hindered and prevented by Fire or Water, or the (licking-out or Refusal of the Miners, Pitmen, or Colliers to work, or any other unavoidable Accident.

Or in case of Accident from Beejion and Hunjlttt.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That then and in every such Case, Charles John Brandling, or other Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being of the Coal Works within the said Manor of Middleton may, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby empowered to bring or cause to be brought down to the said Repository in Caffbn Close, or to any other Place near thereto, to be used as a'Repository for Coals instead thereof, any Number of Waggons or Corves of Coals from the Coal Works lying and being within and under the Lands and Grounds in the Townships of Beefion and Hunjlett, or any other Township, upon Requisition for that Purpose being made to the said Charles John Brandling, or other Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors for the Time being of the Coal Works within the said Manor of Middleton, or his or their Agent or Agents, Clerk or Clerks, by the Mayor and Corporation of the Borough of Leeds; any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Penalty on

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Charles John Brandling, Owiie^s^rf’ or other Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Coal Works in the Manor of Middleton, shall refuse or neglect to bring or cause to be brought down to the said Repository in Cajfon Close, or to such other Place near thereto, to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, the aforesaid daily Number of Waggons or Corves of Coals from the said Coal Works in the said Manor of Middleton, unless hindered or prevented by Fire or Water, or the (licking-out or Refusal of the Miners, Pitmen, or Colliers to work, or other unavoidable Accident, or shall refuse to fell or offer to Sale the said Coals when so brought down to the said Repository or to some other Place near thereto, to be used as a Repository for Coals, instead thereof, or shall refuse or neglect to lay down or cause to be laid down at the said Repository, or at such other Place near thereto, to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof Ten Waggons, to be divided into smaller or less Quantities, in case Sale shall be had for the fame, for the Use and Consumption of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds, at the Rate or Price of Sixteen Shillings per Waggon, or shall refuse to permit or suffer any Person or Persons authorized and appointed as herein mentioned, to gauge and measure at the said Repository, or at such other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, any Waggon, Corf, Tub, or other Measure used by the said Charles John Brandling, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Coal Works for the Time bting, for the measuring of Coals for Sale at the said Repository or at such other Place near thereto, to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners or Proprietors of the several.

Lands

43° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 12. <41

Lands and Grounds in, through, or over which any Waggon Way or Ways or Branches is, are, or shall be laid or made for leading of Coals from the said Coal Works, and for each and every of them, to enter into and upon the several Lands and Grounds belonging to them respectively, which shall be used or employed for the Purpose of such Waggon Way or Ways as aforesaid; and then also all the Estate, Right, Interest, and Privilege of him the said Charles John Brandling, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of and in the fame, shall in that Cafe and from thenceforth cease, determine, and be void-, save only that in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles John Brandling, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, within One Year then next ensuing, to remove and take away the Materials of such Waggon Way or Ways and Branches, in such Manner, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as in the said recited Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second are expressly mentioned and declared.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and as often as Provision in any Corf or Corves of Coals shall be and remain under all and every the "Jng bld n°f Spouts or Places for (hooting and delivering the said Coals at the said Repository at Cajfon Close, or at such other Place near thereto, to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Charles John Brandling, or other Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Coal Works at Middleton, to fell and deliver the Coals brought down in the said Waggons, during the Time that any Corf or Corves of Coals shall be and remain under all and every the Spouts or Places for (hooting and delivering the said Coals, at any other Part or Place within the said Parish of Leeds; and the Coals so brought down in the said Waggons, although not delivered at the said Repository, or at such other Place near thereto, to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, shall be and be deemed to be Part of the daily Proportion of Eighty Waggons, or One thousand nine hundred and twenty Corves that are to be delivered at the said Repository, or at some other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof; and in case it shall so happen on any One Day that any of the said Waggons of Coals shall remain at the said Repository, or at such other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, unfold and undelivered, then and in such Case such Waggons shall be and be deemed to be Part of the aforesaid daily Proportion of Waggons of Corves of Coals to be delivered the next succeeding Day at the said Repository, or at such other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof; and that it shall and may coab may be be lawful to and for the said Charles John Brandling, or other Owrfer or left at certain Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Coal Works, to deliver for places'

Sale, (if thereunto required by any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Parish), at any convenient Place or Places near or adjoining to the said Waggon Way within the said Parish of Leeds, between the said Coal Works and the said Repository in Cajfon Close, or such other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, any Number of Dozens of Coals not exceeding Twelve Waggons or Two hundred and eighty-eight Corves of Coals, in each Day, at such Price as is herein-before mentioned, and that then and in every such Case the said Number of Waggons or Corves of Coals so delivered as aforesaid, shall be deemed and accounted as Part of the said daily Quantity of One thousand nine

[Loc. £s? Per.j N n hundred

142 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

hundred and twenty Corves which the said Charles John Brandling, or other Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Coal Works is or are to bring down or cause to be brought down to the said Repository in Cajfon Close, or to such other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals inllead thereof.

Penalty on

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Leader or Leaders, Driven 3nJ ®rlver or Drivers, or any other Person or Persons employed by the said Charles John Brandling, or other Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Coal Works in Middleton aforesaid, in leading or driving away the said Coals, shall (except as herein excepted) lead or drive away or cause to be led or driven away the said Coals, to any other Part or Place, although any Corf or Corves of Coals shall not be and remain under all and every the Spouts or Places for Ihooting and delivering the said Coals at the said Repository at Cajfon Close, or at such other Place near thereto to be made use of as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, then and in every such Case every such Leader or Leaders, Driver or Drivers, or other Person or Persons so employed in leading or driving away, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, such Penalty to be recovered and applied in Manner herein directed; and the said Charles John Brandling, or other Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, in any such Case shall not be deemed or adjudged to have acted contrary to the Provisions and Directions of the said recited Acts or this present Act.

Appointing

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Supenmeml. for just;ces of the peace from Time to Time, at any Quarter Sessions for the said Borough of Leeds, as often as shall be necessary by Death, Removal, or otherwise, to nominate and appoint (or in case they shall disagree upon such Nomination and Appointment, then at a Special Sessions to be called and holden within Fourteen Days next after for that Purpose), One proper Person or Persons to be Superintendant or Super-intendants of the said Coals that shall be delivered at the said Repository at Cajfon Close, or at such other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals in Head thereof, who shall be subject and liable to the several Regulations and Directions in this Act contained.

Superintend- X. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons nominated Bootkeep* an^ aPP°*nte£l as Superintendant or Superintendants, by the said recited Acts or this Act, or any of them, shall keep a Book or Books, in which he, she, or they shall from Time to Time enter or cause to be entered the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons who shall apply to purchase the said Coals, to be led by any publick Leader or Leaders, and also the Names and Places of Abode of any other Person or Persons within the said Parish of Leeds keeping their own Teams, and shall cause such Entries to be made in the Course and in the Order that the same shall be applied for, and shall from Time to Time deliver or cause to be delivered the Coals so ordered in the Course and Order of such Entries, and shall deliver to the Leader or Leaders thereof a Ticket or Tickets, in which shall be ascertained or set down the Quantity of Coals so delivered to such Leader or Leaders, and to whom the same are to be re-delivered; and also that before he, she, or they shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons who shall

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 12. *43

shall lead Coals for Hire to take or lead away from the said Repository, or from any other Place to be used as a Repository for Coals indead thereof, any of the said Coals, the said Superintendant or Superimendants shall mark or cause to be marked with White Paint upon foms conspicuous Part of the Cart, Wain, or Waggon so employed in carrying of Coals, the Quantity such Cart, Wain, or Waggon doth contain within the Body thereof* exclusive of any Sideboard or Sideboards put or placed thereon. ,

XI. And be it further enacted, That such Superintendant or Super- Siiperintehi-intendants shall and maybe entitled to demand and take from any Leader '«; or Leaders of Coals, as a Recompence for his or their Trouble in making

out the said Ticket or Tickets, before such Coals shall be delivered to such Leader or Leaders, the Sum of One Halfpenny when the Quantity of Coals shall exceed Three Corves and not exceed Twelve Corves; and the Sum of One Penny when the Quantity of Coals shall exceed Twelve Corves and not exceed Twenty-three Corves; and the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny whenever a greater Quantity than Twenty-three Corves shall be delivered; and for any Quantity not exceeding Three Corves, such Superintendant or Superintendants shall, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby required to deliver such Ticket or Tickets, without any Fee or Reward for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Superintendant or Super- Superinteml-intendants shall, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby required to deliver Daily to the principal Agent or Agents employed by the said Mr. Brand. Charles ’John Brandling, or other Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, in and about the said Coal Staith at Cajon Clcfe, or d-Uvered. other Place near thereto, to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, an Account (gratis) of the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons for whom such Superintendant or Superintendants hath or have made any Entry or Entries for Coals, and to whom he, (lie, or they hath or have made out and delivered any Ticket or Tickets the preceding Day, and also the Name or Names of the Leader or Leaders to whom such Ticket or Tickets was or were delivered, together with an Account of the Quantity of Coals set down or mentioned in such Ticket or Tickets.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That such Superintendant or Super- Removing intendants shall for any Matter or Thing done contrary to the Provisions antPCf,r'MifI and Directions of this Act, on being convicted thereof before any One behaviour, or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of

Leeds, upon the Oath of any credible Witness, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, and to issue forth his or their Summons or Warrant for the Offender or Offenders to appear before him or them), be discharged and be incapable of holding the said Office; and the said Justice or Justices shall, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to appoint, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, One other proper Person or Persons in the Room or Stead of the Person or Persons so discharged, who shall act as such Superintendant or Superintendants, and be subject to the like Regulations and Restrictions, and have the fame Powers in dividing and measuring the said Coals, until some other Person or Persons, as Superintendant or

Superintendants

144*

Xlaycr may appoint in case of Death,

Regulating the Delivery of Coals by Superintend* ants.

Any Perfors to lead Coals for Hire*

Leaders shall l»e ready with their Carts.

43° GEORGII 111. Cap. 12.

Superintendants for dividing, delivering, and measuring the said Coals, shall have been nominated and appointed by the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said Borough of Leeds, and then and in every such Case all such Nominations and Appointments by the said Justice or Justices of the Peace shall be void and cease.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall so happen that any Superintendant or Superintendants shall die, or be unable or unwilling to discharge the said Office or Offices, in the intermediate Time between the holding of the last Quarter Sessions for the said Borough of Leeds and the next ensuing Quarter Sessions, that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of Leeds for the Time being, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to nominate and appoint One other proper Person or Persons as Superintendant or Superintendants, who shall be subject and liable to the like Regulations and Restrictions, and have the fame Powers and Authorities as the Superintendant or Superintendants had or enjoyed, in whose Room or Stead he, she, or they shall be so nominated or appointed, until some Person or Persons, as Superintendant or Superintendants, shall be nominated and appointed at the next Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said Borough; and then and in every such Case all such Nominations and Appointments by the said Mayor shall be void and cease.

XV. And be it further enacted, That such Superintendant or Superintendants shall and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby directed to deliver or cause to be delivered One Waggon of Coals to any Person or Persons not having had One Waggon of Coals in any One Day, and who shall apply for the fame, in Preference to any other Person or Persons who shall have had One or more Waggon or Waggons in the same Day; and the said Superintendant or Superintendants shall not for so acting be deemed or adjudged to be guilty of any undue Preference whatsoever; any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to lead Coals for Hire from the said Repository in Caff on Clofc, and from any other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, to and for any of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds, such Leader or Leaders having first entered his, her, or their Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode with such Superintendant or Superintendants, and permitting such Superintendant or Superintendants to measure and mark or cause to be marked on some conspicuous Part of his, her, or their Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, Waggon or Waggons, the Quantity of Corves such Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, Waggon or Waggons may contain or hold within the Body thereof, without any Sideboard or Sideboards.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall so

happen that any publick Leader or Leaders shall not be ready to take and carry away the said Coals, with his, her, or their Cart or Carts, Waiii or Wains, Waggon or Waggons, in the Turn or Turns of the Person or Persons by whom they may be employed to take and carry awJy the said Coals, or if any Purchaser or Purchasers leading their own Coals shall e. . not

I

43° GEORGII III. Cap. ii, 14.5

not be ready with his, her, or their Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains,

Waggon or Waggons with the full Team or Teams of Horses, or other Cattle used to draw the fame, when it shall be his, her, or their Turn or Turns to take and carry away the said Coals, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons next entitled in regular Course and Order, according to such Entry made as aforesaid, being so ready with his, her, or their said Carriage or Carriages in the said Repofttory, or in any other Place to be used as a Repofttory for Coals instead thereof, may take the Turn or Turns of the Person or Persons so neglecting to be ready, and the Turn or Turns of the Person or Persons so neglecting to be ready Stall be poltponed, until he, she, or they shall be ready; any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, so Leaden guilty entering his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of be punibcdT Abode with such Superintendant or Superintendants as aforesaid, as a

Leader or Leaders of Coals from the said Repofttory, or from any other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, for Hire, shall take, lead, or carry away any Coals from the said Repository, or from any other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, without demanding, receiving, and paying for such Ticket or Tickets, herein-before directed to be delivered by the said Superintendant or Superintendants, or shall after receiving the fame in any Manner alter or change the fame, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver the same to the Person or Persons for whom such Coals are thereby directed to be delivered, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver the said Coals mentioned and ascertained in such Ticket or Tickets to such Person or Persons, or shall fraudulently diminish, fell, or otherwise dispose of for his, her, or their own Benefit or otherwise, any Part or Parts of the said Coals so mentioned or ascertained in such Ticket or Tickets, or shall demand and take any larger or greater Sum or Sums of Money for Leading the fame than such.as shall from Time to Time be fixed and ascertained in Manner directed by this Act; or shall alter or cause or procure to be altered or defaced the Mark fixed by the said Superintendant or Superintendants, expressing the Quantity which such his, her, or their Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, Waggon or Waggons may contain in the Body thereof, or shall put or place any Sideboard or Sideboards to, in, or upon such Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, Waggon or Waggons, or shall lead or deliver any Coals received at the said Repository, or at any other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, to any Person or Persons not residing or dwelling, or being an Inhabitant within the said Town and Parish of Leeds, he, she, and they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to to fi* and for His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Leeds, at Lading* or any General Quarter Sessions to be holden next after the passing of this Act, when and as often as they shall think proper, to fix and ascertain the Rates attd Prices to be demanded and taken for leading and carrying away the said Coals from the said Repository, or from any other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof, to all and [Lee. fc? Per.'} 0 e every

M 43° GEORGII HL Cap. is<

every Part or Parts of the Paid Town and Parish of Leeds, whetlief Twenty-four Corves of Coals shall be led or carried away in One Cart* Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, in One Draught, or in more than One Cart, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, at more than One Draught; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, from Time to Time and at all Times during the Continuance of the said tecited Acts and this Act, at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Borough, to advance, lower, alter, or change such Rates or Prices for leading or carrying Coals, and a Copy or Copies of all such Rates or Prices when and as often as the same shall be so ascertained, fixed, advanced, lowered, altered, or changed, shall from Time to Time be wrote or painted upon a Table or Board, to be fixed or placed in or upon some conspicuous Place in the said Repository in CaJJbn Close aforesaid, or in such other Place near thereto to be used as a Repository for Coals instead thereof; and such Table or Board of such Rates and Prices for leading or carrying of Coals shall be and be deemed to be full and conclusive Notice to all the Leaders for Hire of such Rates or Prices,

Recovery and

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by peMUiesl°n°f virtue of the said recited Acts, or of this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid. One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the House of Correction at Wakefield, or to the Common Gaol of the said Borough of Leeds, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month nor iefs than Seven Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against the said recited Acts or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form; (videlicet),

‘ r>E it remembered. That on the Day of

« in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Borough of

Form of Gonviition.

147

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Leeds, \_specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where

‘ committed, as the Case may be], contrary to an Act made in the ‘ Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

[Jiere set forth the Title of the API], Given under my Hand and Seal

\or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Yeas first above mentioned.’

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Per-Appeal.

Tons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First. General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Borough of Leeds, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Site Days Notice at least of hisj her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal and of the Matter thereof, to the Person or Persons appealed again!!, and within Two Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some JusticO of the Peace for the said Borough, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Decision of the said Court therein; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance being given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Cods to either of the Parties, or otherwise as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distress not made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor of Form, the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction,

Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assess- Proceeding*

ment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any *or

of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of Want of any Offender or Offenders again!! the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or re- Certiorari. ‘ moveable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall Plaintiff's not recover in any Action to be commenced again!! any Person or Persons for a°terTcnder any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, unless of Amends. Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Aftu n shall be commenced of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying

the

148 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover ill any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or theni, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation,

XXVI. Provided always, ind be it enacted, That no Action or Suit

ci AJions. ^a|j commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuanct of the said recited Acts or of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of York, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, dr shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, dr discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant of Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Cdfts of Suit in other Cafds by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

LO ND ON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

<aP- '3-:

An Act for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from tht Maidstone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to "The King's Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to the King's Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent, is much out of Repair, and in many Places narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages: And whereas it would be of great publick U tility, and of much Benefit to the Inhabitants of Maidstone and the adjacent Country, if the said Road was repaired, altered, widened, and improved; but such Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Charles Trust«e$< Marsham, commonly called Lord Viscount Marsham, Sir Beversham Filmer,

Sir Charles Style, Sir John Papillon Jiuifden, Sir (Villiam Twifden, Sir Charles Middleton, Sir Horace Mann, the Reverend Sir John Head, Sir {Loc. Per.'] P p IVdham

150 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

William Geary, Baronets, the Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent, the Members of Parliament for the Town of Maidstone, the Mayor and Recorder of Maidstone for the Time being, the Honourable and Reverend Jacob Marsham Doctor in Divir.itv, the Honourable Charles Finch, Sir William Bishop Knight, Thomas Be ft, George Bejl, William Baldwin, Baldwin Duppa Duppa, John Coker, Thomas Turner, hil-mer Honywood, William Horne C lerk, William Horne the y ou nge r, C1 erk, James Edward Gambier Clerk, Samuel Proffer Clerk, Edward Cctge Clerk, Charles Cage Clerk, Lewis Cage, Robert Foote Clerk, Maurice Lloyd Clerk, Robert Parker, Edward Penfold, George Talbot Hatley Foote, James Mann, James Whatman, John Larking, Ingram Rider, John Ifmay, Samuel Godding, John Crispe, Richard Barnard, William A Ron, Thomas Shirley, John Shirley, James Waterman, John Richard Buckhurst, Stephen Wilkin , William Willes, William Coleman, William Green, William Gteen the younger, Clement Taylor of New Barnes, William Elgar, James Alexander, Edward Homewood, Timewell Bent ham, Samuel Chambers, Philip 'Cor rail. Finch Hollingworth, Thomas Robert Hollingworth, William Bal one, Edward Angles, Thomas Argles, John King, John Stone, Robert Stone, Stephen Page Seager, John Brenchley, John V/ife, Liberty Taylor, James Smyth, Thomas Atkins, George Bishop, Argles Bishop, Thomas Watts, William Pettit,- Thomas Boucher, William Mercer, Biddingfield Wife, Thomas Boole, John Bowles, Humphrey John Payne, Thomas Cherry Clerk, Thomas Charlton, Thomas Blijfett Pope, Thomas Day, William Charles, Robert Harris, Thomas Alehin, William Alehin, John Blackburn, George C>,tt, Robert Rugg, Thomas Fisher, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein directed, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, Trustees for repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to The King’s Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent, and for making such new Cuts or Lines of Road as may be necessary or adviseable for the better Improvement of the said Road, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

No Att valid unless at a Meeting.

Chairman to be appointed, and to have the calling Vote.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised, from Time to Time, by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, (the Number of such Trustees present at such Meeting not being less than Five) i and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Trustees present, at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Eft'edt as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or casting Vote.

n^Tn HI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or

lUl CC3' Disability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors,

43° GEORGIIj. III. Cap. 13. itjj

ccflfors, to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, to ad in the Execution of this Act, thfen and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time, to elect and appoinc One other Person to be a Trustee in the room of each Trustee so dying, or refusing or being incapable of acting; and Notice of the lime and Place of the Meeting for every such Elediofi shall, by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, be infer ted in I'ome Newspaper or Newspapers published in the said Town of Maidstone-, and if no Newspaper shall be published in the said Town, then such Notice shall be inserted in One or more of the publick Newspapers printed and circulated in the said County of Kent, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be standing on the said Road, at least Ten Days before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid shall be and he is hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whole room or Head he shall have been so elected.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be ca- Qualification pable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall 01 r‘u!tce>* be, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-mentsot the c'earyearlyValueof Forty Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person, not being so quali-lified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no F.ffoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided nevertheless, That all Acts and Proceedings of any AtiAflsof Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of Trustee not this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had valld‘ been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons victuallers, who shall keep any Victualling House or other House of publick Enter- *' i«c*pat>i* tainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous 01 actl"s' or other (trong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entei tainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Prong Liquors

*52

Trustees mHy at: as Justices.

First Meeting of the Truf-toes.

Trustees to defray their own Expences.

Meetings on Emergencies.

No Order to be revoked unless a Majority of ThrceFourths of the Trustees present concur.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

quors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they employ a Person or Persons to col-left such Tolls, who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at

the Sign of the Queen's Head, in the Parish of Sutton Valance, in the said County of Kent, on the Second Friday after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and One in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there, or at such other Place near to any Part or Parts of the said Road, and at such Time, as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day within Thirty Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall causepublick Notice thereof to be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and to be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be Handing on the said Road, at lead Ten Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned, and that the said Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences; and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if, after any Ajournment of any Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that a Meeting of the Trustees ILould be appointed on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time being not less than Ten Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding, made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Metting, unless at a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Nonce in Writing, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made,

be

*53

4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers aforesaid, and be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be landing on the said Road, at lea(t Twenty-one Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three Fourths of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees (ha 1 cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein, of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as the said Trustees shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove such Officers and Persons respectively as they shall see Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay fu. h Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Olivers respectively received by virtue and for die Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Ptirpole, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treastmr shall on the First Monday in the Month of March yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that che fame may be audited, palfed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and ail che laid Officers so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Truf-\_Loc. & Per.J tees

Trustees so appoint Officers,

and remove

them, and may allow them ia-laritB,

Trndees to take 5 curity from the 1 reasurer. Officers to account.

Treasurer, etc. to acc^un on Oath.

154

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

tees is hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees (or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same) within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees (by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer) all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame; and if Complaint shall be made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusa! or Neglect as aforesaid to any J uitiee of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place wherein such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matttr in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Dittrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficienc to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of didraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thtreto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refuftd or neglected to deliver, or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and in every such Case, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Town, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, or until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or have compounded with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Tiuftecs are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it Hull and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Trustees upon Lhe Death, Neglect, Rc-fufal, or Incapability to act, of any Colltftor of the Tolls hereby granted, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person in his or her Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said Road, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person in whose room or stead he or she shall be so appointed; and that if any Collector of the said Toils, who shall be discharged from his or her

Office

On the Death of a Gate, keeper, Trustees may nominate a no. ther until the next Meeting.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 155

Office by the said Trustees, ffiallrefufe to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he or the enjoyed in Right of his or her Appointment to that Office, within Two Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll House, in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other PeTon who shall be in Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Four Days after such new Appointment dial 1 be made as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where such Toll House shall (land or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such roll House and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector of the said Tolls in Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be 1 iwful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees,

Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Adkions and Piolecutions, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may Trustees em-cause to be erected such and lb many Turnpikes to secure the Tolls here- cre-t^um by granted, upon or across the said Road, and on or near the bides pikes and thereof, in, near, unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that TuJ1 Ho"le5’

r r 1 1 r t r 1 i *> , and receive

may hereafter lead out or the lame, as they shall think proper, and such rolls, and so many Toll Houses as they shall think proper, and shall and may, in Manner herein directed, purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll House or Toll Floufes, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and shall and may cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes and Toll Houses the Tolls following, before any Horse or other Bead or Cattle shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (chat is to say).

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Chaise, Chaise Marine, T°!Is-Calalh, Chair, or Hearie, drawn by Six Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or

Beads

Lessees of Tolls may poinr P r-f >ns to receive the same.

156 4 3* GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Caravan, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, drawn by Four or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Florfes or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any lesser Number; and

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in Proportion for any lesser Number:

And in taking of which said Tolls or Duties One Pair or Yoke of Oxen drawing in any Carriage, shall be deemed and taken to be but as equivalent to One Horse or Bead drawing in such Carriage.

Tolls vetted

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they lets.6 rrU<" are hereby veded in the said Trustees; and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Road; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appo.nted Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refute to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to fcize and distrain, or cause to be seized and distrained, any Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next nexc after such Seizure and Diflrels made, the Collector so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Beads or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements so seized and distrained, and any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

Additional

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to rolls on car- and for the said Trullees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded with'Vimber. ar>d taken, for every Horse or Beast except an Afs) drawing any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, laden with Timber, One Half the TollorSutn in Addition to the Toll or Sum which could otherwise be demanded and taken by virtue of this Act, for such Horse or other Bealt drawing any such Carriage, and not so laden as aforesaid.

7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 157

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall r" cafeofDif-happen about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping f^Ton^'and and felling any Distress it shall and may-be lawful to and for the Col- Charges, the lector or Person distraining to retain the Distress, or the Money arising

from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls or Charges of Justice. distraining and felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, wherein such Dispute shall happen to arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Turn,’tk"’n the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings with the Ground, Trustee" Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and of all

Mile Stones and Pods erected by virtue of this Act, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements, which shall be provided for making and repairing the said Road by virtue of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees; and they are hereby empowered to cause any Actions to be brought, and any Bills of Indictment to be preferred, against any Person or Persons who shall (teal, break down, take away, injure, or spoil any such Turnpike, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile Stones, Pods, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements as aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Tolls to be tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in nCe* *y* any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse or other Bead or Cattle passing and repassing through the fame Gate or Turnpike, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket denoting that the said Toll has been paid in that Day, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Toll.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Coileaorsof Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or ls tu be any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or Witness! any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXII. And, for the preventing the evading of the Payment of the said Penalty on

Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, the

offer, or dispose of, to or receive from any other Person or Persons, any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket, in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or oc-[_Loc. £sf Per.] R r cupying

15

General Ex. eruptions.

(j

4.3* GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

cupying any Lands adjoining to the said Road, near unto any Turnpike to be erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands with any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided, or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse or other Bead or Cattle through or over any Way or Passage (not being a publick Way or Passage,', or through or over any Lands adjoining any Part of the said Road, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall takeoff or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Bead from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey., or returning from carrying or conveying, and having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, Stone, Brick, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or undried Hops, Green Clover for foiling Cattle, Hay, Straw, or C >rn in the Straw only, or Wool, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Com-pod or Manures (except Lime and Chalk) employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Padure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law on any Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other His Parochial or Miniderial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmader General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriages attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Cattle or Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fentby legal Passes or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Cala(h, or Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Kent, or of a Citizen or Citizens, Burgess or Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the

»59

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

the Borough of Maidstone, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded: And if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Road from Time to Time, to lefien and reduce all or any of the said Tolls granted by this Act, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act, or nowmadepayable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force and effect with respect to Overweights: Provided nevertheless, that until the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of this Act shall have been paid and discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of this Act.

Trustees may reduce Tolls at any publlck Meeting,

and afterwards advance them again.

Provided that such Alterations of Tolls be made with Consent of the Creditor*.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Tolls may be and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meet- leting, upon Ten Days Notice being given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Road, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame; provided that the Leases, Contracts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Toils, and also by the said Trustees; but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any One Time; and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be made payable and shall be paid to the freasurer to the said Trustees, so as that One Quarterly Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof, every such Lease, Contraft, or Agreement shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trustees may and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to compound with any oonlpound-Person or Persons for any Time not exceeding One Year for any Horses,

Beads, or Cattle passing on the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses,

Beads, or other Cattle; and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance One Quarter, or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall appoint, and inDefault thereof every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVII. And,

16o

Trustees may borrow Mo-

Form of Mortgage.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

XXVII. And, for the more speedy raising Money for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest i'uch Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof (the Charges of such Alignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest: for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be according to the Form following:

4 DY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-thud Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of the Act] We whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed ‘ (being Trullees acting in Execution of the said Act) in Consideration

of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Road in Hand paid by A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

such Proportion of the Tolls anfingby virtue of the said Act, as the said

4 Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole

4 Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of in the Year of our Lord for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest

after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Copies of the Mortgages to be entered.

Transfer of Mortgages.

Form of Af« signment of Mortgage.

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected, without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and InterJl Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, according to the Form following:

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured

4 1 to Executors, Administrators, and Assignees, by

vinue of a Mortgage or Alignment bearing Date the Day

4 of under the Hands and Seals of of the

4 Trustees acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \_f t

forth

43° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 13,

‘ forth the Title of the /.£f\ upon the Credit of the said Act, do hereby ‘ transfer all tny Right and Title in and to the fame, and all the Princi-‘ pal and Incerelt Money now due and owing thereon, unto C. D.

' Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid One Shilling and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon \ and after such Entry or Memorial thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof} and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments.

XXVIII. Provided nevertheless, That before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed. Twenty-one Days Notice at the least shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, signifying the Intention of borrowing such Money.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered, from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, {horcen, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Road comprized in this Act, and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments; and tire said Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall by such Person or Persons as

[Ltc. & Per.] S f they

l6l

Notice of Transfers to be given to the Clerk in Three Calendar Month*.-

Notice to be given pie-viously to borrowing any Money#

Trustees may tura or alter the Course of any Part of the Road, and contrail for the Purchase of Lands, */#«

162

Corporation-, etc empowered to treat.

1o

In c.ife of Persons not treating for the Sale of such Lands, a Jury to settle the Recommence.

43° GEORG 11 Ilk Cap. 13.

they shall order and appoint be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fatne shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a Publick and Common Highway, and to be Part of the Road to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Road as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in l eu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the heft Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or with the Town Clerk of the said Town of Alaidjione, according to the Jurisdictions in which such Lands or Grounds shall lie, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cejhiique Trulls, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of adfing for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purpose aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees^ Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified lor what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Coliegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the-Clerk or head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, shall by the Space of Twenty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refute to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 163

and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Kent, or of the Town of Maidstone, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Premises in Question shall happen to lie (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or mo-e of them, are hereby empowered to administer), what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested for or upon Account of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act: and in order thereto the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to summon and call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as aWitness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer), and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in Question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict: of Verdifloftbe Inquisition, and Judgement, Order or Determination so had and made* to be shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Poflfeflion, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons anywise interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or (in case of Refusal to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or upon leaving the fame in case the fame should be less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Hands of the Treasurer to tht said Trustees for the Use of such Persons, and to be paid to them upon Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and forsummoning and returning any such Jury, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Five or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Kent, or Mayor of the said Town of Maidstone, in their respective Juris-ffi&ion, thereby commanding and requiring such respective Sheriff or Mayor to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to be and appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and such Sheriff or 2 ' Mayor,

164

Jury may be challenged.

Sheriff may be fined for Neglect of Duty.

Owner of the Land used in altering the Road, to have the first Offer of the old Road,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Mayor, or their respective Deputies, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear, according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear, or cause to be sworn. Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff" or Mayor, or their respective Deputies, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers- by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XXXII. Provided always, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or Mayor, or their respective Deputies, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury, and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in Question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse to be sworn, or to be examined, or give Evidence touching the lame; but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course of any Part of the Road shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining Lands which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall (till be desirous of becoming the Purchaser, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act; and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or Shall refuse to purchase any fudt old Road, it shall and may be lawful to

and for any Person or Persons not interested in the Premises to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where such old Road shall lie, dating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that

4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 165

such Owner has not agreed, or has refused to purchase such old Road as the Case may be, and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to or refused by such Owner.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall By whom th* give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trullees have been offered before the sum- p»id. ° moning and returning such Jury as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for lei's Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustcts as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; and if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdicf or Assessment for no more or for leis Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame, or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and main-taming the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said CofU and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in Question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons as the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies, shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in ca'.e the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk of the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery ot Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, Per(-on9 af)_ that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence sent, Trustees have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and *ences Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, in Manner aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con. House», etc. tained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said "n"tur'°dbe Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk,

or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- fttionwhtn inents, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the l owers of this Act equal to for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator,

Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of [Lee. It? Per.'] T t any

i66

Application where the Com pen Cat ion shall be It f* than 200J. and exceed

30 /.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disabilicy or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parts the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses,'Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Frofits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in ordtr to be applied in Manner herein before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees,

to

167

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

(o be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and ap proved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing unaer their Hands, of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River, or Brook, in anyPa-rish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in which any Part of the Road hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, DiflrRl, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons adding by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at feme Meeting of the said Trullees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to th"e said Trustees), search for, cut,' dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as aNurferv for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame, or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Road, shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Perious employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them,

concerning

Application where the Money is less than 101.

For getting Materials to repair the Road.

i68

Notice to be given to the Occupiers of Lands before Materials are to ne tak^n for rt pairing ihe Road.

Penalty on taking away Materials, etc. got by Order of the Surveyor.

Surveyor to make Dia ns,

die.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Town, or Place, w here such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XL. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing such Road out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises fromw'hich such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees or Two or more Justices of the Peace ac,ing for the County, Town, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall take away any Gravel or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Wastes or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds,

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Road, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Road, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining

i6g

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

joining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the Paid Road, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any Huse)to be made use of as a publick Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are widening or repairing, and until the lame shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages; making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made,-for-.the Damages which such Owness or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby fullain, as shall be adjudged reasonable byi the said . Trustees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners onQccupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to,be bolden for the County of Kent, or Town of Maidstone, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Lands shall lie, next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and are hereby authorized and required to hear, lettle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees), from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Ann >yances orr any Part or Parts of the said Road by Rails, Steps, Sign Polls, or other Polls, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running int,o, along, or out of any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Parc of the said Road, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing in any Part of the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame, pr to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cue down, lop, or top such Trees or Bullies, shall refuse or neglect so to do, for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by. their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall nor, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor* or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recover, d by Dilhefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty in-flifted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon aWheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which [Lee. Es? Per.] U u shall

making reasonable Satisfaction.

In case of . Differen^, the Justices in SdTions to determine the same.

Surveyors may remove Annoyances.

Penalty on dr luring Ti n ron the Road.

170

Read to he mea(iire«l, and Mil* Sto e«, etc. erected.

Penalty on damaging Mile Stones, Vd

Penalty ©n riding on the Footpaths, 57*.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Road to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

' ~ .: i ,1 1 , WOTtfiR

XI.V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Road to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each others and P >fts to be erected to denote the Distance of every such Pod from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Ports upon such Parts of the said Road where the fame is eroded or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate or deface any of the Stones or Ports erected or to be erected on any Parts of the said Road, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any of the Stones or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges or Arches, or on any Parts of the said Road, every such Person shall forfeit s and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone, Port, or Parapet Wall broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks shall be so obliterated or defaced, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Atf.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on, or drive or lead any Iiorfe, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road, or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Ports or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpath or causeway, or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or otft r Beast, drawing any Plough, upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall lav any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road to be made into Manure, or shall ferapeoff any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall, without some reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice belore whom such Person or Persons shall be f’ummoned or conveyed, in order to his, her, or their Conviction, leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Beast harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, in any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall, for tvery such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied so the Purposes of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 17L

XLVII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may poxers to be transienr Persons to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under to this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and known Per-for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to <:,ns ruilty of seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Of- c,u- r-fence against this Act, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where any such Off nee or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Persons Law are liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and Statute6 amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, work to or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as to,'u,iueto. heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or Town of Maidstone, oifferenc«s in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empoto- touching Severed, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, yearly to ad- tu"' 01 judge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by ^he Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition, for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trullees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lids before such Justices, at feme Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work so to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made i:t Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be dirtded by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who fir J1 appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hav Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trullees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of airy Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in default of Paymettf thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is

*72 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts Horse or Horses, Bead: or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if. any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Drauuht to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negj ligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or, negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person (halt be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly of wilfully give in false or imperfift Lids, every such Surveyor so off’ending, shall for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Trustees may

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to

Statute'wo/kr an<^ for l^e Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treaftirer of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the Tenth l)ay of May in every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

<V>l?i<ivJ!on 7 L. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Ex-

ottie Monty. pences jnc; ,ent to and attending the obtaining and pading of this Act, shall in the fird Place be paid and defrayed out of any Sum or Sums of Money substribed for the PurpTes of this Act, or out of the Tolls col-leied by vinue of this Act, or out of the fird Money borrowed on the Credit thereof or out of any other Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder of the Money so raised shall from Time to lime be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of this Act, and the Intered thereof, and in carrying this Act into Execution: Provided

nevertheless.

173

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

hev£rtheless, That the Interest of the Monies borrowed upon the Credit of this Act shall in the first Place, from Time to Time, be duly and regularly paid as the same shall become due and payable out of the Tolls collected by virtue of this Act, before such Tolls shall be applicable to any other Purpose whatsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Recovery and virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering where- Application of is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Wanant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or for the Town of Maidstone, where the Offence shall happen (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath); and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Town where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have subscribed to pay any Money towards making and repairing the said Road, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay their Subscription Money to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, at such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the said Trustees; and if any such Subscriber shall neglect or refuse to pay such Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

Power so compel Payment of Subscriptions.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That whenevef any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against any Person or Persons by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

Actions to be

brought in the Names of the Treasurer or Clerk, or One of the Trustees.

Treasurers, Cle ks, or Trustees, not liable to the Payment of Culls.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons Appeal, shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Juf-[Lw. & Per.'I X x ticcs

1?4

Di ft refs not to be un awful for want of Form.

Proceedings

not to Te qinshed for wantot Form, or removeable by Certiorari.

PWntiff not

to recc ver after Ten *er of Amends.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

tlces of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Western Division of the said County of Kent,or for the said Town of Maidstone within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at lead of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees; and the Justices in such Sessions ate hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceeding made, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be Commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty-one Days be fore such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor (half the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

L.VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next alter the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere j and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction' made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be bfought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the Second Friday after the passing thereof, and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

575

Limitation of Ait ions.

Pullick Act-

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* t

Cap. 14-

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the West Side of Lord Clifford'% Park Gate to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the Line of certain Parts of the said Roads, and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from the Termination of one of the said Roads, at or near the Bottom of TVatcr Lane, in the Parish of Lotnes, to a Place called Lufcotnbe Cross, in the Parish of Harberton, in the said County of Devon.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike, on the West Side of Lord Clifford’s Park Gate to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown Pomeroy, and from Teing-(hoc. & Per.] Ty bridge,

io Geo. 3.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

bridge, in the County a/" Devon; and for repealing Two Acts of the Thirty second of His late Majesty, and the Second of His present Majesty, made for repairing the said Roads, several Tolls and Powers were granted to Trustees for repairing and improving the Highways or Roads, leading from the Head of the Hollow Way on the Western Side of Lord Clifford.'s Park Gate where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, in the Parish of Ideford, in the County of Devon, to a Place called Biddaford, in the Parish of Ugborough, and from the Head of the Borough of Bridgetown Pomeroy, in the Parish of Berry Pomeroy, in the said County of Devon, to a Place called Waton Gate, in the Parish of Stoke Gabriel, and from thence to Gampton Cross, in the Parish of Churfton Ferrers, and from the said Borough of Bridgetown Pomeroy, to the Town of Paington, and from thence to a Place called The Sands; and from the said Borough of Bridgetown Pomeroy, to a Place called Five Lanes, in the Parish of Marledon; and from a Bridge called Teingbridge, in the Parish of Teingrafe, to a Place called Bovey Mills, in the Parish of Bovey Tracey, in the said County of Devon, which said Tolls and Powers were to continue from the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Twenty-ninth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees authorized to put the said recited Act into Execution, have, in pursuance thereof, borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which said Sums are Hill remaining due, and cannot be paid, nor can the said Roads be kept in good Repair, unless the said recited Act be continued for a further Term; and it is expedient that several of the Tolls and Powers thereby granted should be altered and enlarged . And whereas it would be of great publick Utility, if Part of the Roads herein-before described and comprized in the said recited Act, leading from the Head of the Hollow Way, on the Weltern Side of Lord Clifford’s Park Gate, in the Parish of Ideford aforesaid, to the Bottom of a certain Hill called Fire Stone or Sandy Gate Hill, in the Parish of Kingjleington, was discontinued, and in lieu thereof a convenient Carriage Road was made from the Bottom of the fame Hill, in and through a certain Piece of Waite Land called The Sands, to or near to the Village of Gappah, in the Parish of Chudleigh, and from thence to communicate with the present Highway at the Back of Lord Clifford’s Park, and in and through the fame Highway to a certain Place called Beggars Buff, in the Parish of Chudleigh aforesaid; and it would also be of great publick Utility, by avoiding several Iteep and inconvenient Hills, if Powers were also given to divert and alter the Course of the present Turnpike Road at the End of the said Town of Totnes, so as to go out of the said Town, at the West End thereof, by some proper Way in and through Broomborough Lane otherwise Bramber Lane, instead of by a Place called The Half Moon, by making and maintaining a Road from such new Outlet in and through Broomborough Lane aforesaid, to or near a certain Place (Part of the present Turnpike Road) called Fork Green, in the Parish of Harberton, where One of the present Turnpike Gates now Hands; and to extend and continue the said Turnpike Road from the Bottom of Water Lane, in the said Parish of Totnes, to a Place called Lufcombe Cross, in the Parish' of Harberton, extending in Length Half a Mile or thereabouts: But such beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it cnaited by the King’s

i79

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act Act further passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all coat"Hied' and every the Powers, Authorities, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such of them or such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, or as are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act, and also such of them as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duty), shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned; and that all the Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Directions,

Provisions, Matters, and Things, therein and in this Act contained, shall immediately on the passing hereof, extend to and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as well for the Intents and Purposes of the said recited Act, as for making, amending, widening, turning, altering, diverting, improying, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said new or additional Roads herein-before mentioned and described, and other the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Roads had been originally included in and made Part of the Roads included in the said recited Act, and as if the fame Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things (except as aforesaid) were repeated, expressed, and contained and re-enacted in this present Act; which said additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing from the said Trustees under or by virtue of the said Act, or which shall or may be borrowed by them for the Purposes of this Act, with the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That after the said intended new Roads old Roads or Diversions shall be made safe and commodious for the Passage of Car- to be difeon-riages, the said old Roads, in lieu of which such new ones are intended n"wodn^hen to be made, shall cease and be discontinued, and the said Trustees shall made ^affable, be exonerated and discharged from the Repair thereof, as fully and effectually as if the said Roads had not been comprized in or directed to be repaired by the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That William Dacres Adams, George Additional Pownall Adams, Samuel Adams, Sir Francis Butler Tarde Buller Baronet, Trustees. John Berkeley Burland Esquire, Edmund Bastard, Edmund Bastard junior, John Moyfey Bartlett, John Adams Bartlett, Thomas Babb, Robert Bradford Clerk, William Baker, William Searle Bentall, Charles Barter Clerk, Richard Clarke, James Cornish junior, William Cornish, Edward

Cary junior, George Cary, George Drake junior, Richard Dacres, Sir William Elford Baronet, Farmery Predam Epworth, John Digby Ftnvell,

Christopher Farwell, Arthur Farwell Clerk, George Farwell, Baldwin Fulford, Peter Gaye, James Harrison, Lawrence Harvey, John Hugo,

Thomas Bickerton Ashton Hicks, James Hicks, William Cholwich Lear,

Thomas Lane, Richard Marshall M. D., Sir Lawrence Palk Baronet,

Walter Prideaux, Sir John Rogers Baronet, Richard Rofdew,

John Taylor Clerk, Charles Taylor, John Toms, Thomas White

Windeatt,

i8o 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

tVindeatt, Thomas Welsh, and Ayjhford Wife, being duly qualified, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act, and shall have the fame Power and Authority to act in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in the said former Act.

Trustees of

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things, ru eu authorized or required by the said recited Act or by this present Act, to be done and executed by the said Trustees in carrying the fame into Execution, shall and may be done and executed by any Five or more of them present at any Meeting; and the same shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect, as if such Acts, Matters, and Things, had been done and executed by any greater Number than Five Trustees, lave and except as is herein-after otherwise directed and provided.

Meetings of V. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That, the Trustees. from ancj after passing this Act, the Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for putting the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, shall be at the Guildhall of the Borough of Totnes, or at some other convenient Place within the said Borough; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may there meet at any Time or Times for that Purpose, as often as it shall be thought necessary, and required by any Five or more of the said Trustees, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on some publick Place within the said Borough of Totnes, at lead Seven Days before any such Meeting; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Toils repeal-

VI. And whereas the several Tolls in and by the said recited Act grant-granud °ther8 e<I> are not suffic'ent for the Purpose of maintaining and supporting the said Roads, and the other Expences attendant thereon; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing this Act, the said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken at every Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected, or continued by virtue of the said Act or of this Act, before any Carriage or Cattle whatsoever, upon which any Toll is imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, such Tolls as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the several and respective Sums of Money herein-after mentioned; (that is to say),

Tolls. For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Cur-

ricle, Car, Cala(h, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Horse, Afs, Mule, Mare, or Gelding, or other Bead drawing the fame, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every such Carriagedrawnby FourHorfes or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Horse, Afs, Mule, Mare, or Gelding, or other Beast of Draught drawing the fame, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every such Carriage drawn by Two Ilorfes or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For

43° GEORGII in; 'Cap. 14.

' For-fevery Horse, Afs, Mule, Mare, or Gelding, or other Bead drawing the fame, the Sum of 1 hree-pence:

For every Chaise or Chair drawn by One Horse, Afs, Mare, Mule, Gelding, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Waggon, Cart, Tumbrill, or Dray, using Wheels with Fellies Nine Inches broad at the lead, drawn by Eight Hoffes or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbrill, or Dray, drawn by Seven Hories or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings and Sixpence:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbrill, or Dray, drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbrill, or Dray, drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbrill, or Dray, drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbrill, or Dray, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings: For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbrill, or Dray, drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbrill, or Dray, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Wheel Carriage laden with Timber, drawn by Five or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings:

For every such Wheel Carriage laden with Timber, drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings':

For every such Wheel Carriage laden with Timber, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Horse, Gelding, Mare, Mule, Afs, or other Bead, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which Paid respective Tolls herein-before mentioned, shall be and are hereby declared to be veded in the said Trustees for putting the said recited Act, and this Act, into Execution, and they or any Seven or more of them shall have such and the fame Poweis, Authorities, and Remedies for apportioning, mortgaging, transferring, leafing, reducing, advancing, and compounding for the Tolls hereby granted or made payable, and the same shall and may be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied, in the same Manner and Form as in and by the said recited Act is expressed with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable; but subject nevertheless to this Act, and the Powers and Regulations herein contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbrill, or Dray, using Wheels with Fellies less than Nine Inches broad, shall pay for every such Waggon, Wain, Cair, Tumbrill, or Dray, [Lee. isr Per.~\ Z z and

181

Carnages with Wheels l-.fs than 9 inches to pay Double.

i8_2

Double Tolls on Sundays.

Collectors of Tolls competent Wit-ncHes.

Power to let Tolls.

On Non-payment of Arrears of Tolls, Power to diSrain.

43° GEORGII III. 'XTafc 14.

and fafc thf JJctrfep or other Beads drawing <he fame, Double the Tolls herein-before charged or intended to be charged for the fame respectively. ' "’d «v[. Id ' A n-.7i.:b ti-iD j . v. v u

VIII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of Notice in Writing to be given on all the Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads Ten Days at lead before such Meeting, to authorize the Toll Gatherers or Collectors on all the said Roads, on each and every Sunday daring the Continuance of this Act (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night), at each and every Gate, dor and during so long Time as the said Trustees shall order and direct at-such Meeting, but no longer, to demand and take at each. Toll Hoafe or Turnpike Gate Double the Tolls which: shall far the Time being’ be ordefed-dnd authorized by the said Trustees to be coiltfted at the fame Toll House or Turnpike Gate on any other Day, Under and by virtue of this Act; but so as such Double Toll shall not be demanded or taken from any Pen-Ton going to or returning from his, her, or- their owri/Parish Church.*

» - - tu re:! Jo to II swift T

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or

Litigation shall arise, touching orrn anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to eollefit the fame, or any other1 Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the kid 1 Tuftees, shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

vrJi yJ ii . r ,1701 i i' r ogsmsD IsadW nan. /revs r-i't

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, at any Time or Times (on Ten Days Notice in Writing signed by their Clerk, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates therrerested,on the said Roads), lease or let to Farm, by the Year or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, all of any Part of the said Tolls, and the Turnpike and Toll Houses erected or to be erected on the said Roads, to any Person or Pfersons whomsoever, for the belt Price that can or may be gotten for the fame, taking such Se* curity as to them shall seem sufficient'for the Payment thereof, such Leases or Contracts to be in Writing, and to be signed by the said Trustees, or their Clerk and Treasurer for the Time being, on their Behalf; and the Leffeq or Leflfees, in Default of Payment of the Rent or Money therein referred; or agreed to be paid, shall or may be proceeded against for the Recovery thereof, in Manner by the said recited Act directed for proceeding against Collectors and Receivers of Tolls receiving Money, and not paying the same as is thereby required; and in case any Default shall be made, that then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to declare such Lease or Agreement void, and it is hereby declared.that the same shall be void accordingly, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, lave and except only with regard to the Recovery of the Arrears then remaining due on such Lease or Contraft; and that for that Purpose only the same shall remain and continue in force until Payment and Discharge thereof, and all Costs and Charges relating to the Recovery thereof.

XI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any or either of the present Lessees or Toil Gatherers, or any Lessee,

I Toll

43" GEORGrll III. Cap. t4.

Toll Gatherer-, or Collector of Tolls herein-after to be appointed, shall negdeft Or fail, by the Space of Seven Days, t'o pay up all the Arrears and Money due for such Tolls, or for the Rent or other Prpfit'lof such Turnpike or Toll House or Gate, or shall tieMeft or defeVr the fame, that then and in every such Case it shall betauTul for any Justice or Jul-tices of the Peace foT the said County of Dcvffn, or for the said lrustees, orany Seven or more ofthein, upon Oath or Affidavit rpacie thereof before him or them respectively, by the Clerk and Tyeafurer of, the'fat'd Turnpike for the Time being, or some other coth{3et'ent Perton, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and S^al or Hands and Seals respectively, to authorize and direfb the Constablds or Tyth'ingmen of the Parish where such Turnpike or Toll House shall be fllbafe, to enter therein and take Possession of the fame Turnpike or Toll House, or Turnpikes or Toll.Houses, with the Goods and Chattels therein; and also in case any such Goods and Chattels, or any Part rhier&tif, shall be removed from Fuch Turnpike or Toll House, dr orhir Plice, for The Purpose' 6f. avoiding Payment of such Tolls or Profits, or any Part th’dftof, chat then It mail

I ___ l i. n.i 1 r, x.

and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person autfioj-ized bjy them, or by their Clerk atld Trdhfurer Tor the Time being, to pursue, seize, and take such Goods and Chattels where the fame Tkali'ot; may be

found, and in both Cases, whether such Goods and Chattels are taken in the said Turnpike or Toll House, Turnpikes,of Toll Houses, or after Removal from thence as aforesaid, to fell aild dispose of the lame in'thg same Manner as in Cases of Distress for Rent, and to'apply the Produce thereof for and towards Payment of the TollS^' Rents, or Profits then due and in Arrear, and the Costs and Charges attending the Pretnifes, and to deliver over the fame Turnpike or Toll House to the said Trustees or anjf Person they shall appoint; and that from Thenceforth the said Trustees shall be at Liberty to let the fame or appoint any other Collector of such Toll thereat, in the same Manner as if the former Term had been regularly and duly expired; but that, notwithstanding such Possession being, taken of the said Turnpikes or Toll Houses, or any or either of them, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or their Clerk and Treasurer, to sue for and recover the Arrears which shall then remain due, with the Costs and Charges attending the fame, as fully as if no Possession had been taken.

XII. And whereas it is expedient that the Exemptions in the said Exemption recited Act, of the Occupiers of the Three several Farms called Broom- oi certain borough, Follaton, and Dor/ely, from the Payment of Toll, ftioukl be pealed.1'" discontinued; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all such Exemptions shall be and the same are hereby repealed and made void.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and Trustees to be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, and that no Action to fueJ ?n the be brought or commenced by or again!! the said Trustees, by virtue Na,.ne of or on accounc of the said recited Act or of this Act!, in the Name of their Cluk-their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, but the Clerk and Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such

Action,

1^4 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. Action, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that such Trustees, and every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, sued, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Money to arise by virtue of the said Act and this Act, all such Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event of any such Proceedings they or he shall respectively be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of their or his being so made Plaintiffs or Defendants, Plaintiff or Defendant therein.:

Penalty on caufin& Ob-(tractions ro Foot Pailtn-gers. %

XIV. And whereas the Path or Pavement in the said Town of Totnes, made under the Directions and Powers of the said recited Act, for the Convenience of Foot Passengers, is frequently (topped up or obstructed by Horses (landing thereupon; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, in or upon any Path or Pavement within the said Town of Totnes, made for the Convenience of Foot Passengers as aforesaid, or shall permit or suffer to (land, tied or untied, any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, in or upon the said Path or Pavement within the said Town of Totnes, so made for Foot Passengers as aforesaid , or if any Person or Persons shall permit or suffer any Stage Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, of any E)escription whatsoever, with or without Horses, to be placed, (land, or remain, in any Part of the publick Streets or Roads belonging to the said Turnpike (except only during such reasonable Time as such Carriages shall be loading or unloading); or if any Person or Persons shall lay, lodge, place, put, or drop any Timber, Wood, Stone, or other Thing, in or upon any of the Roads or Streets within the said Towns of Totnes, Newton Abbot, and Newton Bushell, or any or either of them, so as to obstructithe free Passage along the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall lay, lodge, put, or drop any Timber, or any Tree or Trees, in or upon a certain open Space or Piece of Ground in the Town of Totnes aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of The Plains, or Totnes Plains, or if any Person or Persons shall use the Foot Path of the said Town of Totnes otherwise than for walking thereon, then and in every such Case every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, or for the Borough of Totnes aforesaid, if the Offence shall be committed within the Limits of the said Borough (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for the First Offence, and not exceeding Forty Shillings for the Second and every subsequent Offence, as such Justice or Justices shall in his or their Discretion think right; which Sum, in case the fame be not forthwith paid, shall be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act for recovering Penalties and Forfe tures thereby incurred; and when recovered shall go and be paid to the Treasurer or Treal'urers to the said Trustees, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That for the Purpose of widening, altering, turning, and diverting the said Road at the West End of the said Town of Totnes, so as to go out of the said Town in and by the said Lane, called Broomborough otherwise Bramber Lane, to Fork Green aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to take or use the several Messuages, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and Orchards, situate at or near the West End of the said Town of Totnes, and lying between the fame and Fork Green aforesaid, herein-after described; that is to say, a certain Messuage or Dwelling House with the Yard, Garden, and Orchard thereto belonging, situate and lying at or near the West End of the Town of Totnes, on the North West Side of the Street there belonging to John Tope, now in the Possession of James Gilberd, also certain Gardens or Orchards lying near or adjoining to the said Dwelling House, now in the several Occupations of Ann Heath Widow, and Isaac Stewart, and also a certain Barn situate and lying at or near the Village of Blackmore in the Parish of Harberton, now in the Possession of Edmund Brown, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, without the previous Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively, but full and adequate Compensation and Satisfaction shall be made by the said Trustees to the several respective Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested in the fame Messuages, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and Orchards, or such of them as shall be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be ascertained and paid in such Manner as in the said recited Act is provided in that Behalf; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Eeme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid, under the Directionandwich the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall he so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing un-

[Loe. & Per.~\ 3 A determined

185

Power to Trustees to purchase and pull down any Bu'lding at the Welt End of 7«/-Atiy io make a convenient Outlet.

Application ot Compensation when amounting to aoo/.

186 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

determined and capable of taking Efleft; and in the mean Time and Until such Purchase shall be made, the said-Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Applicationthereto.be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Conl'olidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be otdeted by the said Coure to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Ueduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Applicant: rt when the Connpen la-tion is less :!ian 200 /. and exceeds ibl

XVII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assess'ed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed or otherwise the same shall be paid, (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Lerson of Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon* may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

(ST

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Monty it Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall

left than be je£-s t}]an Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Power to

M-ec?side°

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, Gatsj. or any Seven or more of them, shall and lawfully may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered (on or after Ten Days Notice in Writing signed by their Clerk, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erect-6 ed

t87

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

ed on the said Roads, to ered or cause to be erected on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Turnpike Road, or in or across any Way or Lane leading into the fame, One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes,

Bar or Bars; and that no Carriage, Horse, or Beast, shall be permitted to pass such Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, so to be erected, without first paying the Toll or Tolls to which Carriages and Cattle of the fame De-icription are made liable for passing any Gate or Toll House by the said Act or this Act, erected or to be erected, provided that such Side Gate or Side Gates shall not subject or charge any Person to the Payment of Double Toll; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Tiuftessdif-contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the further repairing the Re_ and keeping in Repair, so much or such Part of the said Road as in and by pairs of the the said recited Act is described to lie between Teingbridge, in the Parish

of Teingraze, and a Place called Bovey Mills, in the Parish of Bovey TemgbriJg* Tracsy, but that the said Trustees shall be exonerated and discharged from the Repair thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Road had not been comprized in or directed to be repaired by the said recited Act; any Thing herein or in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas by the said Act of the Twentieth Year of the pre- Trustees to sent Reign, the said Trustees of the said Roads were empowered to lower, repair the raise, level, and improve the Roads, and also the Pavements, as well the 00 Carriage Ways as Footpaths within the several Towns through which the said Roads pass, but after such Alterations and Improvements were made, the fame Pavements and Footpaths were by the said Act directed to be kept in Repair, by such of the Inhabitants or other Persons within the said Towns as before the passing of the said Act were liable to repair the fame; and the said Trustees are desirous that they should be authorized to repair such Pavements and Footpaths; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to repair and maintain all or any of the Pavements and Streets (as well the Carriage Ways as Footways) and other Ways in the several Towns and Streets through which the said Roads or any of them lead, and such Pavements and other Ways shall henceforth be deemed Part of the Roads to be repaired by the said Act and this Act; any Thing in the said Act to ths contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, widening, and repairing the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for doing any Work by this Act or by the said recited Act authorized to be done, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Trustees shall think proper; and all Contracts in Writing for any of the Purposes aforesaid, which shall be entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting of the said Trustees, shall be binding to all Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

Enabling the Trustees to make Contracts for repaying the Roads.

x 88

f.vpences of the AS.

Term of Ihis Act.

Piihlick Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

XXIII. And belt farther enacted, That the Charges and ExpenceS incurred in and about the applying for, preparing, obtaining, and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons without the fame being l'pecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS

Cap. 15.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors for em banking Part of ‘The Lairy near Plymouth, to make and maintain a Road from a certain Place called Efford ^'uay, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS the present Approach to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, is rendered extremely difficult and inconvenient by a certain Hill, called Upfon Hill, over which the present Road to the said Borough leads: And whereas it would be of considerable Utility and Advantage not only to the Neighbourhood, but to the Publck at large, if a new Road were made from a certain Place’called Efford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, in the said County of Devon, through certain Marsh Lands called Lipfon Bay and Tothiil Bay, to the said Borough of Plymouth; by Means whereof the said Hill called Lipfon Hill, (over which great Quantities of Limber and Naval Stores for the Use of His Majesty's Doci; Yard at Plymouth, are at present from Necessity conveyed), will be avoided, and an easy, safe, and commodious Road obtained for the Use of the Publick, in case the Pufclick shall be willing to use the fame in Preference to the present Road: And whereas the [Loc. (if Per.] ,38' Company

igo 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of The Lairy near Plymouth, are willing to undertake the fame; but as the lame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore pleal'e your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wi'.h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of The Lairy near Plymouth, incorporated by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels cf Land, fituait between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tothill Bay and Liplon Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Per fans therein named, for the Purfoje of embanking and preserving the fame from the Sea, and their Successors, to make and maintain a D f Ton of ^oat^ or Way from a certain Place called Efford Quay, in the Parish of the Road?"0 &£& Buckland, in the said County of Devon, so as to communicate with the present Turnpike Road or Highway called TAr1 Plymouth EasternTum-pike Road at Efford Quay aforesaid, and from thence over and through certain Marsh Lands lately embanked from the Sea, called Lipfon Bay, and from thence along and across the Highway leading from Plymouth to Saltram Point, and from thence over and through certain other Marsh Lands called Tothill Bay, and from thence over and through certain Lands situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Charles, within the said Borough, and now in the Occupation of John Culme Esquire, into and through a certain Road or Highway adjoining to the said Lands, to a certain Place called Coxftde Cross, in the P^ ilh of Charles aforesaid, and from thence into and through a certain Field belonging to John Bayly, and from thence into a certain Road or Highway, situate near to certain Aims Houses, called Colonel Jory’s Alms Houses, and from thence over and through a certain Place called The Green, in the said Parish of Charles within the said Borough, and from thence into and: through a certain Street or Way within the said Borough called Higher Stteet, to the Wtftern End thereof; and fron> Time to Time to repair, alter, and widen the fame, and to carry the several Powers of this Act into Execution , and such Road when Publick Road, made, shall be and be deemed to be a Turnpike Road, and the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall in their corporate Capacity be and be deemed to be the Trustees thereof.

Fowertor»ift

II. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors were by virtue of M*ncy* the said recited Act limited to raise, by Contribution among themselves or by Mortgage of the Lands thereby granted, or of the Tolls thereby granted, Two several Sums of Eight thousand Pounds and Six thousand Pounds, for defraying the Expences of the said Undertaking: And whereas It is necessary that the said Company of Proprietors should be enabled to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of making, maintaining, and supporting the said Road and the several Works thereunto belonging* be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered toraile, either by Subscription amongst themselves, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, or otherwise, in Manner herein-after mentioned, any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of 1, Twelve

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. r9l

Twelve thousand Pounds; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

iuov ;’' !/ / , I/5, I) f

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Twelve Monty raised thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof shall be raised hv Suhfrription.; tySuufcrip-then and in such Case such Sum, or such Parts thereof as shall be raised divided into by Subscripcion, shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and Sh-‘«s*

all such Shares shall be and shall be deemed to be Personal Estate, and transmissible as such; and not of the Nature of Real Property; and all Persons who shall subscribe for or otherwise become entitled thereto, and their several and respective Executors, Ad m initiators, and Affigr.i, shall be and they are hereby declared to be the Owners and Proprietors of the said Shares, and shall be and they are hereby united to and incorporated with the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Road so to be made* and the Works thereunto belonging, shall be and be deemed Part of the Undertaking mentioned and described in the said recited Act, as fully, largely, and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Road had been mentioned in the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Powers, Directions, Relations a» Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Provisions contained in the (^'nc1n,c!qul’ said recited Act, (subject rvcvertheless to the Provisions, Directions, and Transfer of Regulations in this Act contained), shall extend to the calling for, raisirtg, Shares, suing for, and recovering the several Sums to be subscribed for the said

Shares, and for compelling and obliging the several Subscribers for or Proprietors of the said Shares to pay the respective Sums to be subscrib"d for as aforesaid, and for transferring and entering the fame in like Manner as if the fame were Payt of the Money authorized to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act, or as if the said several Powers, Directions, Regu-Jations, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Provisions in the said recited Act, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and fhac all and every the Persons, and their several and respective Executors, Adminifiracors, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe and pay for each and every of the said Shares, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of such proportionable Part of the Profits and Advantages, that shall and may arise and accrue to the said Company ot Proprietors by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, as the Share or Shares belonging to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall bear to the whole Amount of the Shares subscribed for by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act; and all and every the Persons rel'peftivtly holding, or entitled to any Shares by virtue of this Act, shall be subject and liable to the like Regulations and Provisions, and shall have the like Right of voting, and of appointing a Proxy to vote, at any General or Special Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, in respect of such Shares as the several Persons respectively holding or entitled to any Shares by virtue of the said recited Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Company Money may of Proprietors shall deem it right or expedient to raise the said Sum or be raised by Twelve thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the uJc'toIu' of Lands vested in the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of the said recited Act, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or of the Tolls granted by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, instead of raising the said Sum

or

192 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

or Part thereof by Subscription amongst themselves, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interest, by any such Moitgage as aforesaid, the said Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, from any Person or Persons who shall be willing to lend the fame; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and empowered to assign and make over their interest and Property in such Lands so vested in them, or any Part thereof, and in the Tolls to arise by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest to the Person or Persons who shall advance the fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, by Deed of Mortgage, in like Manner and Form, and subject to the like Powers and Directions for transferring every such Mortgage and regillering the fame, and to the like Remedies, Regulations, and Provisions touching and concerning the same* and the interest to be thereby secured, as are mentioned and contained in the said recited Act, respecting the Money borrowed and the Securities to be made for the same.

fhf Number*

VI. And whereas the Lid Company of Proprietors arefcnabled by thfc of the Com- said recited Act to nominate and appoint by Ballot Seven Persons to be "ohnted*P the a ^"ornrrlltree for the Management of the Concerns of the said Company: 55s",) ' And whereas such Number has been found insufficient for the Management of such Concerns; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to nominate and appoint, at the Time or Times, and in Manner directed by the said recited Act, Thirteen Persons of and out of the Proprietors of the said Company to be a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the said Company; and such Thirteen Persons so nominated and appointed a Committee, shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the said Seven Persons are subject and liable to, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act into Execution, as are thereby given to the said Seven Persons.

Committee to

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee nominated and execute this appointed, from Time to Time, by the said Company of Proprietors, in Manner directed by the said, recited Act and this Act for managing the Concerns of the said Company, shall (subject to the Dirtdlions and Regulations in the said recited Act contained), have as full Power and Authority to carry the Provisions of this Act into Execution, as the said Committee have to carry the several Provisions of the said recited Act into Execution.

Appointment

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to of Officers and for the said Company of Proprietors, and to and for their said Committee, to nominate and appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors, and a Col-ledtor or Collectors of the Tolls hereby granted, and any other Officer or Officers for the due Execution of this A cl, as to titem respectively shall seem proper; and from Time to Time to remove him or them from his or their Office or Offices, and to nominate and appoint any other Person or Persons in his or their Stead, and to take Security from every such Per-

lon

193

43° GEORGII III. Cap. it,

son so nominated and appointed for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices in such and the same Manner as the said Company, and their said Committee respectively are enabled to nominate and appoint any Clerk or Clerks by virtue of the said recited Act, and to remove him or them, and to take Security from him or them for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices; and every such Surveyor and Collector so nominated and appointed shall account and deliver up all Books, Papers, and Writings relative to the Concerns of the said Company, in like Manner, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and to the same Penalties and Forfeitures for not accounting or not delivering up such Books, Papers, and Wricings, or any of them, or for Neglect or undue Performance of their respective Offices, as if they respectively had been appointed by virtue of the said recited Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby fully empowered to make such Road as aforesaid, and from Time to Time as they shall think proper to divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts thereof; and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Common or Wade Ground without making any Satisfaction for the fame; and through any private or inclosed Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or for their Committee, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall or may, by Order and Direction of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee, be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall think convenient; and shall by such Person or Persons as thay shall order and appoint be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a publick Road and common Highway, and to be Part of the Road to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means and in such Manner as is directed by this Act; and after any such Lancfs shall be made Part of the said Road as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Company of Proprietors to such Person or Persons as shall be willing 10 become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bed Price that can reasonably be gotten for the same.

[Loc. & Per.~\ 3 C

Company may contrail for the Purchase of J.am!s to make the Hoad.

194

Corporations, fifr. empowered to treat-

Provision in cale of Persons refuting to treat.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Eaecutois, Administrators, Guardians, Committers of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trulls, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Person under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who is or are or shall be feil'ed, pofieired of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or their said Committee, for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding j and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, is and are and shall be indemnified for what he, she, or they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Propri-for, Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee shall judge necessary or proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Offietr of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee, shall for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, r.egled or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Committee in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and (or the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, to cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Devon, or of the Borough or Plymouth, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Premises in Question shall happen to lie (which Oath the said Committee, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer), what Damages will be lullained by and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested fur or upon account of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenemencs, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act, and in order thereto, the said Committee are hereby empowered and lequired by a Summons or Notice in Writing, to be signed by any Four or more of the said Committee, trom Time to Time to i’urnmon and call before them all and every Pcil'on or Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premiies, and shall

examine

43° GEORGII III. Cap. is-

examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Committee, or any Two or mare of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer), and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in Question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises, and after the said Jury shall have so ascertair.cd and lectled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Committee shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, cr Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or other Persons interested therein according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition and Judgement, Order, or Determination so had and made shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise j and for summoning and returning any such Jury, the said Committee are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Four or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Devon, cr Mayor or Recorder of the said Borough of Plymouth, within their respective Jtirifdidlions, commanding and requiring such Sheriff, Mayor, or Recorder to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Committee at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed-, and such Sheriff or his Depucy, Mayor, or Recorder, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and ouc of the Persons so impanntlled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Committee shall swear or cause to bt sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of a i'ufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy, Mayor, or Recorder shall return Other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be fpce-dily procured or summoned to attend chat Service to the Number of T welve.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act,- in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Committee are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Pints on such Sheriff, or his Deputy, Mayor, or Recorder, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall rrfufe to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been (worn shall refuse to give his or their Verdict on- the Matter in Question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein; and on any Person or Pofons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall refuse or neglect: to appear at the Time and Place in such Summons as aforesaid appointed, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or to be examined, or give Evidence touching the Matter in Quefbon, but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon, any One Person for One Offence.

196

Owner of the Land used in altering the Road, to have the first Offer of the old Road.

Expences of the Jury, how to be paid.

43° GEORGII |II. Cap. 15.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That jyherever the Court of any Part of the said Road shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of the Land which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road , and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case, the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof} and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Clerk to the said Committee, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record j and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Borough where such old Road shall be fuuated, dating that such Offer had been made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Owner had not agreed, or had refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be, and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be diffident Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Company of Proprietors out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but in case such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Afieffmenc for no more or for less Money than shall, by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace not interested in the Matter in Question, and within whose Jurisdiction such

Controversy

*97

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Controversy or Dispute shall arise, (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to ali Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors by such Ways and Means as any Penalties and Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by Reason of Absence have been prevented from treating with the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Company of Proprietors in Manner aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Company of Proprietors to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building which was erected and built on or before the First Day of January last past, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House that shall have been made or planted on or before the said First Day of January last past, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, save and except the several Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, and Yards herein-after mentioned, situate, lying, and being on the Green, or in Higher Street, White Cross Street, and Lower Street, some or One of them in the said Borough of Plymouth; (that is to say), a certain Shed, or Shipwright’s Work Shop, in the Occupation of Thomas and William Kerf will} a Dwelling House, Outhouse, and Curtilage, in the Occupation of John Blanfom and others; a Dwelling House in the Occupation of Samuel Spnngfeld; a Dwelling House, in the Occupation of Mary Ann Thomas and others; a Dwelling House, Curtilage, and Stables, in the Occupation of William Dunn and others; a Dwelling House, Outhouse, and Curtilage, in the Occupation of Henry Westcott; a Dwelling House, Outhouses, and Curtilage, in the Occupation of John Turner and others; a Dwelling House, Cellar, and Curtilage, in the Occupation of Charles Bennett; a Dwelling House and Curtilage, in the Occupation of Ma y Clark and others; a Dwelling House, in the Occupation of Thomas Sheldrick; a Dwelling House, in the Occupation of John Sexton and others; the Remains of a Dwelling House, in the Possession of Saville William Shepherd Esquire , a Garden or Piece of Ground, in the Occupation of Samuel Bennett , a Garden, in the Occupation of John Wiblin-, a Curtilage, Stable, and Outhouses, in the Occupation of Richard Bennett and others; a Tenement, in the Occupation of Thomafm Anson-, a Dwelling House and Curtilage, called Teat's Court, in the Occupation of Robert Shepherd, and other Tenants; a Dwelling House in Teat's Court, in the Occupation of Ann Dcrlingftone and others; a Tenement in Teat's Court, in the Occupation of Mary Tratan and others; a Dwelling House and Curtilage, in the Occupation of Thomafm Lintott. and others; a Dwelling House and Curtilage, in the Occupation of Ann Herring and others; a Dwelling House, Outhouse, and Curtilage, in the Occupation of John Hundrey and others; a [Loc. C35 Per. J 3 D Dwelling

Houses and Garden# not to be injured, except those mentioned in the Att*

198

Form of Conveyance of Lands.

On Payment of Money, Lands to velt in the Company,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Dwelling House and Curtilage, in the Occupation of Agness Came and others a Garden, in the Occupation of Hezekiab Pretty, a Garden and Stable, in the Occupation of John Willton-, a Garden, in the Occupation of Jdmes H- alla Garden, in the Occupation of Rebecca Wallis and others; a Garden, in the Occcpation of Richard Jarvis-, a Garden, in the Occupation t f Elizabeth Broad; a Dwelling House, Curtilage, and Outhouses, in the Occupation of Mary IViddicombe and others; a Curtilage and Out-house, in the Occupation of Phillip Watkins; a Dwelling House and Garden, in the Occupation of Benjamin Chimmo-, a Dwelling House, Bake-house. Curtilage, and Outhoulcs, in the Occupation cf Samuel Bulky \ a Dwelling House and Cuitilage, in the Occupation of Richard Jones.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to the said Company of Proprietors, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors in the Form following; (that is to say),

I A.B. r in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ to me paid by the Company of Proprietors

‘ for embanking Part of the Lairy near Plymouth, do hereby grant and

release unto the said Company, all [here describe the Premisesj and all my

Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame and every Part thereof, to c hold to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors for ever;

by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, made

in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in ituled,

‘ [here insert the Title of the Act]. In Witness whereof I have hereunto ‘ let my Hand and Seal, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance shall be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall, when and as often as thereunto required, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, and shall have and receive Sixpence for every One hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words; and every such Sale, Conveyance, or Assurance to be made by virtue of this Act in Form and Manner as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money lo agreed for, awarded, or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Party or Persons respectively entitled to receive the same, or their respective Agents, or (in case of Refusal to accept such Monies), upon Payment of the fame into the Bank of England, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or upon leaving the lame in case the same shall be less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors for the Use of such Party or Persons respectively, and to be paid to them respectively on Demand, or otherwise disposing thereof in Manner directed by this Act, for the Use of such Party or Persons respectively, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity of the Party or Persons respectively, for whose Use such Monies were so paid, or so disposed of, in, to, or out of such Lands, Tenements, and

Here-

*99

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company of Proprietors for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually as if such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments had been conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and furh Monies being lo paid or so disposed of, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Party or Parties, Person or Persons, for whole Use the fame were so paid or so disposed of, but shall also extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower or Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Persons respectively, and all Ertates Tail in Reversion or Remainder, and thelffue of such Persons respectively, and every Person claiming under them, as fully and effectually as a Fine or Recovery would bar such Right, Title, Interest, Claim, or Demand, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased by the said Company of Proprietors, shall be in Mortgage to any Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors, Administratrrs, or Assigns, upon Application in Writing made to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Committee, or to their respective Clerks, signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been so agreed for, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and such Sum or Sums of Money, when so paid, shall be and be deemed to be in Discharge of Part of the Principal Money due on such Mortgage or Mortgages; and Acknowledgement of the Receipt thereof shall be made by Indorsement on the Mortgage Deed or Deeds, signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and such Indorsement shall be and be deemed to be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Company of Proprietors, from the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and also a full and sufficient Discharge to the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, from the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for as much Money as shall be expressed in such Indorsement.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year only, in Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof which shall be purchased by the said Company of Proprietors in Manner aforesaid, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises immediately to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person as the said Company or their Committee shall appoint to receive the same, in case the said Company, or their Committee, or such Person so appointed by them respectively, shall pay or tender to him, her, or them. Six Calendar Months Rent of the said Premises, or in case the said Company or their said Committee shall cause to be given to him, her, or them. Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing to quit such Possession, then such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of

Provision for paying off Mortgages of Lands used by the Company.

Tenants to give up Pof-l'efiion upon Notice.

200

Aoplication of Money when equal to zoo/.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

the said S>x Calendar Months, or as soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises totne-said Company of Proprietors, or to their laid Committee, or to any Person authorized by them respectively to take Possession thereof in the Name of the said Company of Proprietors; and in cale any such Person or Persons in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give up such Possession as aforesaid, then and in such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, or for their Committee, to issue a Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Devon, or to the Mayor or Recorder of the said Borough, within their respective Jurisdictions, commanding the said Sheriff, or Mayor, or Recorder, by virtue of this Act, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons who shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same in the Name of the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Sheriff, or Mayor, or Recorder, is and are hereby required to deliver such Possession of the said Premises accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uled by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband. Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or of such other Incumbrance, or of Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affeSing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his

Name,

201

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold, for the Pur poles aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Product of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Courr, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed Application of

or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heteditaments, pur- *t'oo/.

chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases,

the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Gu ardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signtfied in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Four or more of the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obrain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery,

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money, so Application of agreed or awarded tO be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less Money when than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied cllt'an 10 to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being,

have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign Plymouth par. of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, and watch- d*re* ing the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the c"e ‘

Carmen and Porters within the said Town; and by One other Act, made

in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present- Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His present [Lee. (A Per.] 3 E Majesty s

202

Company to r-paii the Streets.

Inhabitants continue to pay Rates.

Company pave the Streets as paved.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Majesty's Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town: Ar.d whereas by One other Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend Iwo Alls, made in the Tenth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for paving, lighting, and watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town, certain Commissioners were appointed for carrying the le.eral Purposes of the said Acts into Execution; be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall give Thirty Days Notice in Writing, from Time to Time, ligned by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or cause to be left the lame at his last or usual Place of Abode, of the Intention of the said Company of Proprietors to pave, repair, and maintain the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said Town, as arc included in and made Part of the Road to be amended, widened, and repaired, by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, Eastward of the said Street called Whiticross Street, then and in such case, from and after the Expiration of tfye Time mentioned in such Notice or Notices, all such Streets, Lanes, and Passages, or such Part or Parts thereof, as shall be mentioned in such Notice or Notices, (half be paved and repaired by the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, and shall be from Time to Time altered, amended, repaired, and maintained, by and at the Charges and Expences of the said Company of Proprietors; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwiih-standing.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to exempt, exonerate, or discharge the said Commissioners from continuing to light the fame Streets, Lanes, and Passages, or to diminish, lessen, or take away any other of the Powers or Authorities granted by the said recited Acts, or any of them, to the said Commissioners within or in respect ro such Streets, Lanes, or Passages, or to exempt, exonerate, or discharge any of the Owners or Proprietors of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the fame Street or Streets, Lane or Lanes, Passage or Passages, or the Tenants or Occupiers of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and other the Inhabitants thereof, from the Payment of such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, as is or are by the said recited Acts, or some of them, directed to be raised, levied, and collected by the said Commissioners for the several Purposes of such Acts.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to pave, repair, and maintain the several Hone or Carriage Roads, and Foot Paths or Ways within such several Streets, Lanes, and Passages hereby made Part of the Road to be maintained by the said Company of Proprietors, in such and the like Manner as any other principal or main Streets and Foot Paths or Ways within the said Town shall be paved, repaired, and maintained, by the said Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 203

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of PrOprie- For maintain-tors shall and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be Y^mWai'er* after the puffing of this Act, at the foie Charges and Expences of the said Lane to Higher Company of Proprietors, to cause that Part of the Road intended to be Slrtel-maintained by virtue of this Act, which Part leads and extends from the

West End of lVat(r Lane within the said Town, to the West End of Higher Street aforesaid , as also the Foot Paths or Ways thereof, to be wholly new laid and paved in a good, substantial, and workmanlike Manner, in Consideration whereof the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Clerk, within Three Calendar Months next after such Part of the said Road extending from the said West End of Water Lane to the said West End of Higher Street, shall have been so wholly new laid, paved, and completed as aforesaid, the Sum of One hundred and ninety-four Pounds and Seventeen Shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Time such Directingthat

Part of the said Road extending from the West End of Water Lane within nenersfor'" the said Town to the West End of Higher Street aforesaid, shall be used paving ftj. as a Turnpike Road, and be under the Management and Jurisdiction of make’an an-the said Company of Proprietors, under and by virtue of this Act, the nuai Allow, said Commissioners shall from thenceforth, and they are hereby required, tr

to pay or cause to be paid to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Road from Clerk, the Sum of Seven Pounds in each and every Year, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, the first Half-yearly Payment to be made at the street-Michaelmas Day or the Lady Day which shall first happen next after the said Street so extending as last before mentioned shall have been uled as a Turnpike Road, and be under the Management and Jurisdiction of the said Company of Proprietors, under and by virtue of this Act, in Consideration whereof the said Commissioners shall be from thenceforth relieved from the Burthen of repairing the Pavement of the said Street called Higher Street so extending as aforesaid; and the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required, at their own Charges and Expences, to cause the fame Part of the said Road so extending as aforesaid, as also the Foot Paths or Ways thereof, to be at all Times thereafter and in every respect paved, repaired, maintained, and kept in good and proper Repair.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any new Street, Directingthat Lane, or Passage to the Eastward of the said Street, called Whitecross withhfu'eBo-Streel, within the said Borough, shall at any Time hereafter be made anti rough of py. formed by the said Company of Proprietors under and by virtue of this p,40Jft*fee Act, such new Street, Lane, or Passage, together with the Foot Paths or Roads, to Ways thereof, shall be wholly laid, paved, and completed in Manner aforesaid, at the lole Charge and Expences of the said Company of Pro- be paved’in prietors; and from and after the Time such new Street, Lane, or Passage ^sCth^"i-"e7s shall be so made and formed, and wholly laid, paved, and completed, within the with the Foot Paths or Ways thereof, the said Company of Proprietors Borough, shall, and they are hereby required thenceforth, from Time to Time, at

their own Charges and Expences, to cause such new Street, Lane, or Passage, and also the said Foot Paths or Ways thereof, to be at all Times thereafter and in every Respect paved, repaired, maintained, and kept in

204-

Enabling the Commissioners for paving ftymoulh, to repair the Road within the Borough, should the Company neglect to doit.

In case Payments shall not be made by the Commissioners.

Regulations as to obtaining Pofltfljon of

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

good and proper Repair , and in Consideration that the said Cornniiffiohers lhatl not iri anywise be burthened with the repairing of the Pavtement of such new Street, Lane, or Passage, the said Commissioners fhalb and thty are hereby required, to pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Company cif Proprietors, or to their Clerk, the Amount of such Sum or Sums of Money in each and every Year, as shall or may for the Time being be rated or assessed, as and fur the Proprietors or Paving Rate upon the Owners and Proprietors of the several Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, arid Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in such new Street, Lane, or Passage, or so much of such Sum or Sums as the said Commissioners shall actually raise, collect, or recover, for or on Account of such Proprietors or Paving Rate so to be rated or afiefled upon such Owners and Proprietors as aforesaid, the fame Slim or Sums of Money to be paid by Half-yearly Payments on Michaelmas Day and Lady Day in each and every Year, the First Half-yearly Payment to be made at the First of the said Days which shall happen next after such new Street, Lane, or Passage, with the said Foot Paths of Ways thereof, shall be properly paved and completed as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Street called Higher Street, or any of the Streets, Lanes, or Passages, which are or shall be made Part of the Road to be maintained by the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, or any of the Foot Paths or Ways thereof, shall at any Time or Times, after such Part of the said Road extending from the West End of Water Lane, within the said Town, to the 'West End of Higher Street aforesaid, shall be used as a Turnpike Road, and be under the Jurisdiction and Management of "the laid Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, be out of Rfplair, and the said Company of Proprietors shall not well and properly Repair the fame within One Calendar Month after Notice in Writing shall have been given by the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, ro the said Company of Proprietors, or their Clerk, or left at his last or uiual Place of Abode, of the fame being out of Repair, it shall and may be lawful for the Conuttissioners to cause the same to be repaired at their Expence, and to recover all such Sum and Sums of Money as rhey shall from Time to Time expend in such Repairs from the said Company of Proprietors, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Payment or Payments to be made by the said Commissioners to the said Company of Proprietors, shall remain due and unpaid for the Space of Fourteen Days next after the same shall respectively become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to recover the fame, with full Costs of Suit, from the said Commissioners, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collidtor of the Tolls granted by this Act, who shall be discharged from his Office by the said

Company

43° GEORGII nr; Cap.

Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, shall refuse to deliver up the ToliGates, the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, or Appurtenances which he if the fame i* or (he enjoyed in Right of his or her Appointment to such Office, within 'Tlthheld Two Days after being the reunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by any Two or more of the said Committee, given to him or her, or left at such Toll House, or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die, or any other Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of the Premises, by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House,

Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Four Days after being the reunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by any Two or more of the said Committee, given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll House, then and in either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Toll House shall (land or be, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the several Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put any Person or Persons appointed by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for that Purpose, in Possession thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said Company of Proprietors to erect or cause to be erected, ttc_ c such and so many Turnpikes to receive the Tolls hereby granted upon or across the said Road, and on or near the Sides thereof, or in, near, upon, or across any Lanes or Ways leading, or that may hereafter lead out of the fahhe, as they shall think proper, and such and so many Toll Houses as they shall think proper, and shall and may, in Manner herein cliredled, purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with neceflhry Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time to alter, remove, or discontinue such Turnpike or Toll Houses, or any of them, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think meet and expedient.

XXXIII. And, in Consideration of the great Charges and Expences that Power to cob the said Company of Proprietors mud incur by making, maintaining, lect Tolls* and supporting the said Road; be it further enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes, the Tolls hertin-after mentioned any Thing contained in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws mw in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called Lngland, and for other Purposes, or any Thing contained in One other Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to exempt Carriages carrying the Mail from paying Tolls at any Turnpike Gate in Great Britain, save and except such Part or Parts of the said recited Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants or grant any Exemption or Exemptions from any Toll or Tolls on any Turnpike Road or Roads, for or ,\JLoc. fcf Per.] 3 F in

206

Sunday Toll.

No Gate erected on the Road leading trom Plymouth to Saltram.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Dimensions therein mentioned, before any Ilorfe or other Bead or Cattle shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say).

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaile, Chaile Marine, Car, Calalh, Chair, Caravan, Hcarl'e, or Litter, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Carriage of the fame Description, drawn by Four Horses or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Carriage of the fame Description, drawn by Two Horses or other Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Chaise, Car, or Chair, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Tumbril, or Dray, drawn by Six Horses or other Beads, the Sum of Four Shillings:

For every Carriage of the fame Description, drawn by Five Horses or other Beads, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Carriage of the fame Description, drawn by Four Horses or other Beads, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Carriage of the fame Description, drawn by Three Horses or other Beads, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Carriage of the fame Description, drawn by Two Horses or other Beads, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Carriage of the fame Description, drawn by One Horse or other Bead, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, or other Bead of Burden, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny: And, for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lets Number:

And, for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lcfs Number:

And, for every Foot Passenger, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Toll Gatherers or Collectors of the said Tolls on the said Road, and they are hereby authorized and required, on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night, to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night), in each and every Year, to demand and take for and in respect of every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calath, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, and for and in respect of every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing. Double the Toll or Sum which the fame respectively are hereby rendered liable to pay on any other Day.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Company of Proprietors to erect, or cause to be erected, any Gate or Gates

207

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Gates on the present Road leading from Plymouth under Tothill to Sa/tratn Point.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons to paf» Persons shall have paid on any Day the Tolls granted by this Act for or once'onf3 for in respect of any Horse or Horses, Beast or Brails, or Cattle, at any the Toll paid. Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to

and for futh Person or Persons to pass through all the Gates erected on the said Road with such Horse or Horses, Beall or Bealls, or Cattle, Toll free s and also to return and repass through the lame Once on the same Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock of One Night, to Twelve of the Clock the succeeding Night), such Person or Persons producing a Ticket denoting that such Toll has been paid on that Day, which Ticket every Collector of the Tolls on the said Road is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Tolls: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend so as to enable any Person or Persons having so paid the Tolls to pass and repass more than Once on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid), through any Gate or Gates erected by this Act, without paying a fresh or additional Toll or Tolls for or in respect of such Horse or Horses, Beall or Bealls, or other Cattle.

XXXVII. And, for preventing the Evasion of the Payment of the Pen?hro'? said Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, Toni"8' offer, or dispose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make Use of any counterfeited Tickets, in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Road, near unto any Turnpike to be erected-thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands with any Horse or other Beall, or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided, or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, through or over any Way or Passage, (not being a publick Way or Passage), or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or near to any Part of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beall from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person or Persons offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not excetding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Table of the several Provision for Tolls hereby granted shall be put up and continued at each and every xon°Vtry of Turnpike Gate erected on the said Road, and it shall and may be lawful

to and for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Toll«, to demand and take the Tolls' hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of the said Tolls, or any of them, shall after Demand made thereof by any Collector appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Parc thereof,

it

208

Disputes to be lettled by a Justice.

Toll Housei, &c. vested in the Company.

Tolls may be reduced.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and distrain, or cause to be ieized or distrained any Horse or Horses, or other Bead or-Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, and the Saddles, Bridles, Harness, or Accoutrements belonging to them, or any of them; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, and of detaining and keeping the same shall not be paid within Five Days after such Seizure and Distress made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector so seizing and distraining to fell the Horse or Horses, Bead: or Beads, or Cattle, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements so seized and distrained, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted and paid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute of Difference shall arise about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping and lelling any Didrefs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person didraining to retain the Didrefs, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Amount of the Tolls or Charges of didraining and felling the Didrefs, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by fotne Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Dispute or Difference shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and shall also afiefs the Charges of such Didrefs and Sale, and all other reasonable Cods, all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Didrefs, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll Houses and other Buildings, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and of all Mile Stones and Pods erected by virtue of this Act, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements which shall be provided by the said Company of Proprietors for making and repairing the said Road, shall be veded in the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered to cause any Actions to be brought, and any Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person or Persons who shall deal, break down, take away, injure or spoil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile Stones, Pods, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Company of Proprietors at any General or Special Assembly, from Time to Time, to lower or reduce all or any of the Tolls granted by this Act, and again to raise the same to such Sum or Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding the respective Sums before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed by the said Company for the Intered of the said Undertaking.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or Special Assembly, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any One Time.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, or in Farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lefite or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands; authorize or appoint to demand and take the said Tolls so leased or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Company of Proprietors is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lellees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Collector of the Fid Tolls appointed by the said Company of Proprietors is subject or liable to.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, from Time to Time, to compound with any Person or Persons for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year, for or in respect of the Tolls to be paid by virtue of this Act for any Carriages, Wains, Carts, Horses, Beads, or other Cattle, passing on the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, and all such Composition Money shall be paid in advance Quarterly or otherwise, as the said Company shall appoint; and in Default of such Payment every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, out of or from any Common or Waite Ground, River, or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place in which any Part of the Road hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee (a Copy of such Order being given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the [.loc. ft? Per.-] 3 G laid

209

Toll* may be farmed.

Farmers of the Tolls may appoint Persons to collect them.

Company may compound lor Tolls.

Power to get

Materials to repair the Road.

210

3d

fidaT/

Notice to be given to the Occupiers of Lands before Materials are taken for the Repair of the Hoad.

Penalty on taking away Materials raised for the Use of the Road.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

said Company of Proprietors, or to their Committee), search for, cut, d'g’ get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Road, shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interest in such Ground, as the said Committee shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Committee, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this AdV, to dig, gather, get, take, or ca ry away any Materials for repairing such Road, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the Committee of the said Company of Proproprietors or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Caule why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in caie such Occujier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient cause ro the contrary, then the said Committee or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Committee or such Justices shall leem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or rcfule to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Committee or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposts, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall take away any Gravel or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyor?, in any Lands or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or get or take away any

Gravel

211

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to t0* and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint, by Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Road, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Road, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House), to be made Use of as a publick Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Road are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby fuftuin, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, and in case any Diiference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers, and the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, touching any Damage, then the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Devon, or (or the Borough of Plymouth, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Land shall lie, next after the Expiration of Thirty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall, and are hereby authorized and required, to hear, settle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Surveyor may and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he ['oyance*"' or they shall appoint (by Direction of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Committee), from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Rails, Steps, Sign Ports, or other Ports, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Road, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing in any Part of the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch 9 or

212 .43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Gr Watertourse, or to'cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of Five Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refuting or neglecting as aforesaid, and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if, after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every Person shall, for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

l’enalty for L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, beron the""* or cause to-be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree Road. or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel

Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, tod'agupon any Part of such Road to the Prejudice (hereof, every such Pr-ifon shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall, and they are hereby required to measure, or cause the said Road to be measured, and Mile Stones to be let up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Dillance of One Mile from each other, and Ports to be erected to denote the Distance of every such Port from any Town or Place, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think fit; and also to eied, or cause to be erected. Guide Ports upon such Parts of the said Road where the fame is eroded or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any of the Stones or Ports erected, or to be erected, on any Parts of the said Road, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Maiks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any of the Stones or Parapet Wall on the Sides of any of the Bridges or Arches, or on any Parts of the said Road, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone, Port, or Parapet Wall so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks shall be so obliterated or defaced. One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

Road to be niealiiied, and Mile Siones placed.

penalty for

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Footihuht wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on, or drive or lead any Florle, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage over or upon any Foot Path or Cauieway, made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Road; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Pulls or Scones, which may be erected for the Security

of

213

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

of the said Foot Paths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over, or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Il6ad, or in ploughing ffar.ll turn any Horse or other Bead drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing, upon any Part of the said Road, to be made into Manure, or shall scrape off any Mud, Soi', or other Matter or Thing, which shall be or fie >upon any Part of the said Road, with any Instrument so as to damage thq said Road or any Part thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Beall harnessed or yoked thereto, without reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice before whom such Person or Persons shall be brought or summoned, in order to his, her, or their Conviction, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick,

Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbith, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever in any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings, nor more than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LIII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act, may Unknown be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other hede-Officers under this Act-, be it therefore enacted, That ic shall and may tamed, be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any such Offence against this Act, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Persons liable Law are liable to do Statute Work, or are chargeable towards repairing worktcTcon and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and re- tinue so. paired, or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, or Borough of Plymouth, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Company of Proprietors, or by their Committee, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be, by him, her, or them, paid to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Trealhrer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Just tices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of [Lw. Cf Per.] 3 H the

214

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after serving such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be i'o paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Numbep of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall refuse or neglect to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Company of Proprietors, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons is, are, or may be subject and liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Efted for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Company of Proprietors, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe, every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neg-leded or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse, or wilfully give in false Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings. ,

i itilfeft'io'i vi n /i jStti; ~ 1 ahXori ,*«1* ' shrmfeO

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or on any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or other wise, as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other (Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors in Advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors out of any Monies subscribed or received by virtue of the said recited Act, or to be subscribed or received by virtue of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, (the levying or Recovery whereof is or are not herein-before particularly directed), shall, in case of Nonpayment thereof, on the Conviction of the Offenders respectively, on his, her, or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Coumy of Devon, or where the Offender shall be or reside, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices; and every such Justice is hereby authorised and required to examine Witnesses on Oath, and hear and determine the lame; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed), shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deduding the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit every

*15

Company may compound for StatuteWork.

Expences of the A&.

Fines and Penalties how to be recovered.

*i6

tot bnr/.iqn:.

,^lioV/ 33 /;.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

Form of Con-vision.

Appeal granted.

4 GEORGII Jill. Caf 15.

fuchjOfiender to the Common Gaol, or House of Cor rest ion, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all rea-ConhWff Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

to jlotoHi lJ ?*iboK royboH ,2-161x5*1 ton i ' vn# dftw9-"^.:'r. -~cr j LVID. And be it further enacted, That where afiy Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassfers on Account of any Oefeft or Want of Form in the Summons, Convtftton, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser ot Trespasser ab initio, on Ac* eiunt of any Irregularity which shall be committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

xitniu tuitirt .!' Ji. '»o r ary* 1-:' s; Visits-. V*

*'-\LIX. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before- whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form;

Qvidelicet J,

Day of

A.B. is One of His Majesty’s

‘ \_specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where tom-

mitted, as the Case may be~\, contrary to an Act made in the Forty-‘ third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \here

Jet forth the Title of this A£t\. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, ‘ our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above mentioned.'

dE it remembered. That on the ‘ in the Year of our Lord

convicted before

Justices of the Peace for the County of

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herfeif, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Justice of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then and in every such Case, he, she, or they may, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County or Place in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, as the Case may be, and of the Nature thereof, and within Two Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter Sessions, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof

to

43° GEORGII III. Gap. ijj.

Id the next General Quarter Sefikms to ’be holden for such County or Place; and the said Justices niay, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to "be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Order, Judgement, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable; but no Proceedings to tie had and taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall of

recover in any Action to be commenced against any Body or Bodies Cor- Utiomc porate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left with the Clerk or Clerks to such Body or Bodies Corporate, as the Case maybe, Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, nor recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the . Defendant or Defendants in such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXn. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Aa‘ons* Corporate, or Collegiate, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or in Cafe there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the Court where the Matter in Dispute or Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for other Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

[Lot. £sf Per.] 3 /

2 I 8 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

[Publick Act.]

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

I

r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4*

Cap. 16.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts made in the Seventh, Thirty-first, and Thirty-fifth, Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter s Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford, and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the Road to Colnbrook, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as relates to the Old Biftrift of Road described in the First of the said Acts.

[24th March 1803.]

3K

[.Lee. 0 Per.]

222 A« 7G.3.

Acts 31 and 35 Geo. 3.

New Toll;.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

WHER FAS by an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter’s Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kt-nfington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the said County, in the Road /aColnbrook, and for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway leading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of Teddington Field: And also, the Highway leading out of the said great Road, near Smallberry Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign of the George, in the Town of Isleworth aforesaid, and for lighting and watering Part of the J'aid Highways, several Tolls, Duties and Powers were granted for the Purposes aforesaid; and the Highways, intended by the said Act to be repaired, were divided into Two Districts, the One denominated the Old District, and the other denominated the New District: And whereas by Two Acts made in the Thirty-first, and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, the Term and Powers of the said first-mentioned Act were continued and enlarged: And whereas considerable Sums of Money are now due and owing upon the Credit of the several Tolls granted by the said Acts on the Old District of the said Roads: And whereas, the Produce of the Toils collected on the said Old District, have been found insufficient to keep the Roads in the said Old District in Repair, and pay the Interest of the Money borrowed: May ic therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, the several Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, on the Roads within the said Old District, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that the following Tolls shall and may be demanded and taken in lieu thereof, that is to say:

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calaih, Hearse, Curricle, Chaise or Chair, drawn by Six Horses, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Three or Four Horses, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or not laden, drawing or not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, drawn by One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or other Cattle, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or other Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or other Cattle, the

Sum

22J

43° GEORGII III. Cap. ib.

Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence j and drawn by Five Horses,

Mares, Geldings, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Nine-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number:

And between the Twenty-fifth Day of March inclusive, and the Twenty-ninth Dav of September inclusive, in every Year, for every Horse drawing or not drawing, an additional Toll of One Halfpenny,

(except Horses drawing Waggons, Wains, Carts and Drays, and Pack Horses laden with Burthens and not rode on) which additional Toll shall be payable at any Gate or Gates, Toll Bar or 'loll Bars, erected or to be erected between Counter's Bridge aforesaid, and Brentford Bridge only:

For every Stage Coach, or other Carriage or Machine, drawn by Two or more Horses or other Cattle, and usually carrying, or so conltrudted as to carry, more than Six inside Passengers, One-Half Part more of the said Tolls, in Addition to the Tolls hereby granted: And double the said respective Tolls for all Horses, Cattle,

Beads and Carriages, passing upon every Sunday in the Year, (to be reckoned from Twelve of the Clock on every Saturday Night, to Twelve of the Clock on the next succeeding Sunday Night); which said respective Tolls shall be demanded and taken, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, as the Trustees for the said Old District, or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time, under their Hands and Seals, appoint to be Collectors of the said Tolls; and the lame shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall and may be levied, recovered, applied and disposed of, in the same Manner, and to and for the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are contained or expressed, with respect to the Tolls thereby granted.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Apportion-Two Thirds of the said respective Tolls (except the before-mentioned ment of additional Toll of One Halfpenny per Horse, between the Twenty-fifth Toll»-Dav of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year) shall be demanded, levied, and taken at any Toll-Gate or Bar erected or to be erected between Counter % Bridge and Brentford Bridge, nor more than One Third thereof between Brentford Bridge and the Powder Mills on Bounflow Heath or Cranford Bridge, any Thing herein, or in 'he said recited Acts, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

224-

Waggoni laden w'th Bricks, Sec. to pay Toll every Time.

Application of Compen-fation when amounting to 200 1.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts and other Carriages, laden with Bricks, Tiles, Stone, Malt, Flour, Timber, Breefe, and Soil for making or burning of Bricks or Tiles, shall be charged with, and are hereby made liable to the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted, for every Time or Times such Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, so laden, shall pass in the same Day through any Turnpike Gate or Bar where Tolls are, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act, directed to be received; any Thing herein, or in the said recited Acts, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank off England, in the Name and ivjth the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the Lid recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be ( aid, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, tenements, or Hereditaments) in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled to the lame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of raking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons

225

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or alfelfed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here-"htrn th' ditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and tionT'less" belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dif-than 200I. ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two and exceeds Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then 20,‘

and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money Application so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned, shall be less when the than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be ap- Money is left plied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time 1 *" 20 being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments

so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences, Expences of incident to and attending the procuring and passing of this Act, shall 'he Act.

be paid and defrayed out of the Money arising from the Tolls and Duties by the said herein-before recited Acts, and from the additional Tolls by this present Act authorized to be collected and levied within the said Old District, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of such Tolls and Duties respectively.

[Lee. 13 Per.] 3 L

226

[Public Act.]

tL

flA 3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this A<Et shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 18oj.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

a*

Cap. 17.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road from Saint George’j Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent; and for making further and better Provihon for the several Purposes of the said Act.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new 3 Road from Saint George’* Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County of Kent, several Tolls and Powers were given to certain Trustees therein mentioned, which were to continue for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money so borrowed, together with the said Tolls, has been duly applied in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act; but the Powers of the said Act are insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and unless the Term and Powers thereof are enlarged, altered, and amended, and the Tolls payable thereby are increased, the said Roads cannot be kept in [Lee. Per.3 ' 3 M Repair,

1 Geo. J.

250 4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Repair, nor the Money so borrowed, or the Interest thereof, be paid off and discharged j and it would greatly facilitate the Execution of the several Purposes intended by the said Act, if the fame were repealed, and further and better Provisions made for such Purposes: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-Former Aa liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said re-cltec^ Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Ueign of His present Road, etc. Majesty, shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void repealed. to ajj intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Trusteescf if, And be further enacted, That the Knights of the Shire for the Act'appoint- County of Kent, the Members of Parliament for the City of Canterbury, *<* the Honourable George Watson, Sir Edward Henry Joseph Ha.es, Sir

Edward Knatchbull, Sir John Honywood, Sir John Fagg, Sir Henry Ox-enden. Sir Narbcrough D’ Aeth, Sir Brook William Bridges, Sir Horace Mann, Sir William Geary, Sir Philip Stephens, Baronets, Sir John Brewer Davis Knight, John Abbott of Saint Dunstan’s, John Abbott the younger, of the fame, William Abbott of Canterbury, John Baker of Saint Stephen's, Thomas Barrett, Edward Tymewell Brydges Clerk, Samuel Egerton Brydges, John William Head Brydges, John Charles Beckingham Clerk, Thomas Biggs, James Drake Brockman, Brook Henry Bridges Clerk, Brook Edward Bridges, Brook George Bridges, Brook John Bridges, Robert Toumay Bargrave, John Boys of Nonington, William Boteler, Cyprian Rondeau Bunce, William Brijiow, William Baldock, John Baker of Canterbury, William Bates, Samuel Balderston, John Buckley, James Sladden Brown, Edward Morecock Brown, William Carter Doctor of Medicine, George Carter, John Cumming, Edward Crayford, John Cooper of Canterbury, John Callaway, John Callaway the younger, William Chander, Henry Croajdiil, William Crofoer, Henry Crofoer, Henry Collard, Charles Deering, Cholmeley Dering, George Dering, Richard Blackett De Chair Clerk, John Dilnott of Patrixborne, Thomas De LaJaux, Charles Delmar, James Delmar, John Dering, William Denne of Saint George's Place, Richard Elwyn, James Elwyn, John Elgar of Canterbury, Peter Fedor, John Minet Fedor, James Peter Fedor, Henry Godfrey Fanffett, Allen Fielding Clerk, John Fowell Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Freeman Clerk, Thomas Foord, William Foord, Richard Frend, John Farley Francis, Hopkins Francis, James Finch of Bishopjborne, James Finch of Canterbury, Daniel Fox, John Fisher, Thomas Godfrey, Thomas Garrett, John Garrett, John Gregory Clerk, Richard Gibbs, Henry Gipps, Richard Herve Giraud, Richard Garner, James Goreley, Filmer Honywood, William Honywood, William Hammond of Saint Alban's Court, William Hougham, Williant Hougham the younger, John Springett Harvey, James Hal/ett, John Harrison of Denne Hill, Thomas Hedges of Elham, Charles Hughes Clerk, William Hugeffen Hugejfen, Richard Halford, Richard Halford the younger, John. Hodges, Thomas Hammond, William Hammond of Stonehouse, James Hammond, John Halbct, James Hacker, William Harnett, Thomas Hudfcr., Benjamin Hobday, William Jones, Gilbert Knowler, Henry Kemp, George Keen, William Keen, Henry Kirkby, John Lade, Johii Hobday Lade, Widiam Lade Clerk, William Loftie, George Le Grand, Samuel Lepine, Richard Milles, John Monins, Robert Matson, Richard Mount, Thomas Manclark, William Miles, John Haim Clerk, Henry Nickoll, John Nutt, William Nutt, Henry Oxenden, William Osborn, John Plumptrc, Thomas

Watiinfou

43° GEORGII III. Cap. ,7. 231

Watkinson Pay’cr, Thomas Payler, William Payler Clerk, Thomas Papillon,

Philip Papillon Clerk, Robert Thomas Pyott, Ralph Prite Clerk, John Palmer Clerk, Herbert Pache Doctor of Medicine, William Post, Richard Perk ham,

John Pierce, Dean John Parker, Thomas Parker, Thomas P. in, Stephen Partridge, John Parnell, Robert Potter, Charles Poute, John Parnell the younger, Charles Robirfon, Robert Ru/hbrooke, Robert Rujhbrooke the younger, Thomas Randolph Clerk, Joseph Royle, William Radley, William Rigden, Thomas Powell Symonds, Nicholas Simons Clerk, James Minet Sayer Clerk, Jacob Sharp, James Simmons, Edwin Humphrey Sandys, George St inger of Canterbury, George Stringer of Dover, John Hollingbery Stringer, Matthew William Sankey, William Websler Sankey, John Sankey,

Thomas Starr, Robert Staines, Thomas Simmonds, Thomas Southee of Breaks-borne, Edward Taylor of Bifrons, Henry Thomson Clerk, William Tournay Clerk, John Toke, John Take Clerk, Henry Tritton, Mark Thomas, William Wilcox, James White, John Wigzell, James Warren, and John Walker, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the said new Road, from the Ealt Front of the Scite or Piece of Ground whereon Saint George'i Gate lately Rood, in the said City of Canterbury, to or near to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, in the Parish of Patrixbarne, and the Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road in the said Parish of Barham, at or near a certain Lane there called Wick Lane, and for otherwise carrying this present- Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees hereby aA valid appointed shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the uniefe at a fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act Meet"lg' (except as may be herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities Majority by this Act granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from present may Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting

to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Trustees being left present at every such Meeting not being less than Five; and all the Orders thim Five* and Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect, as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Truf- chairman to tees, a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as be appointed, it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meet- ^<j°ft|'nave ing upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), then and Vote, in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Eieftion cf Disability, of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Succef- newTruffors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, to act in the Exe- tees' cution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful

to and for die surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time to cleft and appoint One other Person to be a Trtiftee in the room of each Trustee so dying, or refilling, or being incapable of aiding, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall, by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, be infected in some Newspaper or Newspapers published in the said City of Canterbury, and if no Newspaper shall be published in the said City, then such Notice shall be inserted in One or more of the publick Newspapers printed

332

Qualification of Xruftets.

Act of TruC-tees not qua. lifted, if done before Conviction, valid.

Victuallers, *tc. incapable of acting, rtc.

Trustfe. may act at Justices, except where personally interesttd.

F;r(l Meeting of the Trustees.

4.3" GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

and circulated in the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, and shall be affixed to all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trust.ee as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whose room or (lead he shall have been so elected.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Lands of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House ofpublick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, (lie, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they, do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls, who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Star Inn, in the said City of Canterbury, on the Second Monday after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon

and

233

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

and Two in the Afternoon, and proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall then adjourn such Meeting to the White Horse in the Parish of Bridge, and afterwards meet alternately at some publick Inn or Tavern at Canterbury and Bridge, or alternately at Canterbury, and at any other Place near to any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and as often as to them shall seem proper; but the said Trustees may nevertheless adjourn themselves, and meet Twice or oftener at the same Place, if they think it ne-celfary; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day, within Thirty Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause publick Notice thereof to be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and to be affixed to all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at least Seven Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the said Trustees shall, at their several Meetings, Trustees to defray their ownExpences; and that no Person shall be capable of acting <tel>ay their as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meetings on Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or Times be thought necessary Emerseilcies-that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than

the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing, figr.ed by Two or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to him or left at his Iaft or usual Place of Abode), shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeing, shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Pro- No Order to ceeding, made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of

this Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Mating ttr at a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, the specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be inserted Majority of in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and be affixed to all and the Trustees every the Turnpikes that shall be Handing on the said Roads, at least P^sent con' Fourteen Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three Fourths of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be proceedings provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular to be entered. Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings,

relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allow-\Loc. Per. J 3 N ed

234

Entries of Proceedings under runner Act, good Evidence.

Trustees to appoint Officers j

and remove them;

and allow them Salaries.

Trustees to take Security from the Treasurer.

Treasurer to account Yearly, on Oath.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

ed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not execeeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or lei's Number of Words.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Book or Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings of any of the Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to the Direction of, and made Evidence by the said recited Act), shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to Time remove such Officers and Persons respectively, as they the said Trustees shall fee Occasion, and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances, to the said Officers and other Persons, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall uireft, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasuret shall, on the First Monday in the Month of March yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees), lay his Accounts before the said Trullees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trullees is hereby empowered to administer) verify their laid Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall

refuse

235

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

refute or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Officer so refusing or wilfully neglecting, shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a fuinmary Way 5 and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chanels of such Officer can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels; or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refuted or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refuted or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition, in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treasurer and Treasurers, Clerk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and Persons appointed by virtue of, or acting, or who have acted in Execution of the said recited Act, who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power, any Monies collected by virtue of, or any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Act, shall, when thereunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Time

Officers act. ing under the Act repealed, to account to the Trustees under tins Act.

236 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said Act, and all the Books, Papers, and Writings, relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or disbursed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto; and every such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Person so accounting, shall, upon Oath (which Oath any of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer', verify all their said Accounts; and if any such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforesaid all Books, Papers, and Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees in respect of the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Treasurer, Clerk, or other PeT’on, so re-refusing or neglecting, shall beorrefide, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he is hereby authorized and required to iflbe a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person fir refusing or neglecting to appear before him; and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Con-session of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer', it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be due from such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be raised by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person as aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to veiify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and in every such Case such Justice shall commit such OSender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where such Offencer shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof, to the said Trustees.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 237

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and the Death for any Two or more of the said Trustees, hereby appointed, upon the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, of any Collector of the Trutteee may Tolls hereby granted, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and ap- "nothwciitU point some other fit Person in his or her Place, until the next Meeting of the next the Trustees of the said Road, which Person so to be nominated and ap- McetlnS-pointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person in whose room or (lead he or she shall be so appointed; and that if any Collector of the said Tolls, if <iif<harged who shall be discharged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall "e-

refuse to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and Ap- i>cr up Toil purtenances, which he or she enjoyed in Right of his or her Appointment Houft> ®v-to that Office, within Two Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll House, in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Four Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid, shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll House, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Cases, "y it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the him tube County, City, or Place, where such Toll Floufe shall Hand or be, by put out. Warrant under his Hand and Seal, t» order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Affidance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the newappointed Collector in Possession thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may continue the present Turnpike, and (in case they shall think proper) cause erect Turn, to be erected such and so many other Turnpikes to secure the Tolls hereby xoiutoufes granted, upon or across the said Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, and receive ’ in, near unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may here- ToUs> after lead out of the fame, and shall and may continue the present Toll Floufe, and erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Houses as they shall think proper, and shall and may, in Manner herein directed, for the purchasing or taking Land for the turning or widening of the said Roads, purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accomodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient, and shall and may cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes the Tolls following, before any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Carriage, Tolls, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing singly, and not in Pairs or abrealt, any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of 1 hree-pence:

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing in Pairs or abread, any Carriage, of whatever Description, the Sum of Two-pence:

[lec.tf/Vr.J 30 For

238

Double Tolls on Sundayj.

Carriages with broad Wheels to pay only Half Tolls.

Tolls veiled in ihc Trustees.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

For every Afs drawing any Carriage of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Toll Gatherers or Collectors of the Tolls on the said Roads, and they are hereby authorized and required, on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night7, in each and every Year, to demand and take for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Steer, Gale, and Bull, drawing or not drawing, and for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, and Lambs, Double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded or taken for the fame respectively on any other Day, by virtue of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches or more, and drawn by not more than Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, or if any Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, and drawn by not more than Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, or if any Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches or more, drawn by more than Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught (provided that such Fellies respectively, and the Tires thereon, be so flat as not to deviate more than One Inch from a flat Surface) shall pass on the said Roads, no more than One Half of the Tolls herein made payable, for each and every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing such like Carriages respectively, not having Wheels of the respective Breadths aforesaid, shall be demanded or taken for each and every such Horse or other Bead of Draught, at any Gate or Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees hereby appointed, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Roads, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the 1 oils hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and didrain, or cause to be seized and didrained, any Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, or their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any Part or Parts thereof} and if such Tolls, and

239

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing and distraining shall and may fell or cause to be sold the Horse or Horses, Beads or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements so seized and distrained, or any Part thereof, at or near the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the same shall be deducted and paid.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person distraining, to detain the Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, or the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Dispute shall happen to arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of Tolls due, and shall also alfefs the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return thesaidDiftrefs, or the OverplusafterSalethereof, or ofany Part thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Turnpike and Toll House erected by virtue of the said recited Act, and of all the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively, and of all Milestones and Posts erected, and to be erected, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements, which are or shall be provided for making and repairing the said Roads, by virtue of the said recited Act so repealed, or of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees hereby appointed, and they are hereby empowered to cause any Action to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, break down, take away, injure, or lpoil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Milestones, Posts, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements, as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Col-ledtor of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to I welve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Hoffe, or other Bead or Cattle, par-ling and repassing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll hath been paid in that Day on the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver, gratis, on the Payment of such Toll.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said lolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said

In case of Dispute concerning lolls and Charges, the Muter to he settled by a Justice.

Turnpikes.

vested In the Trustees.

Tolls to he taken but Once a Day,

Collectors of Tolls to be competent Witnesses.

240

Penalty on evading the Tolls.

General Exemptions.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

said Trustees, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXIV. And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, offer, or dil’pose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Roads near unto any Turnpike erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, through or over any Way or Passage (not being a publick Way or Passage;, or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Lolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads, in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or undried Hops, Green Clover for foiling Cattle, Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw-only, or Wool not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Compost, or Manures employed in Iiufbandry, for manuring or improving Lands; or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on any Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die, and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which DivineService is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either

when

241

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

tvhen employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Bead, or Cattle, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Bealt, or Cattle, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Fades, or in the Conveyance of Patients to the General Kent and Canterbury Hospital, near to the said City of Canterbury, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horse-back, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Kent, or of any Citizen or Citizens, Burgefsor Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, or for the Town and Port of Dover, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded: and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Maimer whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum r.ot exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Farmer, Occupier of Land, or Farmer’s Servant, residing in the Parishes of Patrixborne, Bridge, Bishopsborne, King ft on, and Barham, or either of them, through which the said Roads do lead, shall, during the first Nine Years of the Term hereby granted, be charged with the Payment of the Whole of the Tolls hereby granted, but only of such Proportion thereof as shall exceed the Amount of the Tolls granted by the said Act so repealed, from the Payment whereof such F'armer, Occupier of Land, and Farmer’s Servant respectively, were exempted by the said Act so repealed, for the passing through any of the said Turnpikes, for or in respect of any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, usually employed in Husbandry or Agriculture only, and not used or intended to be used by any Person or Persons for riding in or upon, or for or in respect of any Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, being the Property of any such Farmer or Occupier of Land; but every such Farmer, Occupier of Land, and Farmer’s Servant, shall, after the End of such Nine Years, be charged with the Payment of the Whole of the Tolls hereby granted in the Cases aforesaid, during the then Continuance of this Act.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and shall be affixed to all and every the Turnpikes that shall be Handing on the said Roads, from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls granted by this Act, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the

[Lee. & Per.] 3 P several

Special Fx-eir.ptions for a limited Time.

Trustees may reduce the rolls, &V. with the Consent of the Creditors i

and afterwards advance them again.

242

Toils may be let.

I.elTees, or Persons appointed by them, may collect the Tolls.

Trustees may compound for Tolls.

Old Securi. ties to be i?ood.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

several Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force and Efteft with respect to Overweights: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of this Act, shall not have been paid and discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-Sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, upon Ten Days Notice being given in such Nexvfpaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and affixed to all and every the Turnpikes that shall be Handing on the said Roads, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame; provided that the Leases, Contrafts, or Agreements, of or foT the fame, be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by any Five or more of the said Trustees; but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any One Time, and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so es that One Quarterly Payment of such Kent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in Default thereof, every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such ether Person or Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XXX. And be it further enacted, Tha^it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time to compound with any Person or Persons for any Period of Time, not exceeding One Year, for any Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, passing on the said Roads, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle, and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance Quarterly, or otherwise as the said Trustees shall appoint; and in Default thereof, every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever-

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Bonds, Mortgages, Assignments, Grants, Conveyances, Leases, and other Securities,

*' made

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

made of granted to or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any others whorrisoever, acting by or under the Authority of the said recited Act, shall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, for and during the Continuance of this Act, as if the said recited Act had not been repealed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXII. And, for the more speedy raising such further Money as may rrurst'’"jV:'y be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it n°y <x"’ shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby creding empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest such 7°°'jL Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding together, with the Sums already borrowed by virtue of the said recited Act, and now due and owing, in the Whole, the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Toll Houses ereftedor to be erect-ted on the said Roads (the Charges of such Assignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls), for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling l louse of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ 15 Y virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty^third Year of Form of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [_Set forth the Title Mortgage. ‘ of this Act~\ We whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed

(being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act) in Consideration

« of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Roads, in

« Hand paid by A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise, un-‘ to the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and

‘ also of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the ‘ said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole

‘ Sum charged and advanced, or to be charged or advanced, on the ‘ Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this

‘ Day of . in the Year of our Lord

‘ for and during the Continuance of the said Act,

‘ unless the said Sum of with Interest after the Rate

‘ of per Centum f^r Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satis-

fied. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in copies of a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks Mortgages to the said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may at all season- obt: cmered' able Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, and the Mortgages or Assignments which were made in the Manner and Form prescribed by the said recited Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever-, and all Persons Transfer of

to Mortgages.

2 44

Foim of the Transfer.

Notice of Transfers to be given to the Cleric in Three Calendar Months.

Trusteees to give a i Days Notice, previously to borrowing Money.

Trustee* may turn or alter the Com le of any Part of the Roads j

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments respectively, have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest, to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

» r A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue

of a Mortgage or Alignment, bearing Date the Day of

< under the Hands and Seals of of the Truf-

« tees acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-« third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [Set forth the Title of this Ad~] or made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of ‘ King George the Third, intituled forth the Title of the said recited Act 1 so repealed, as the Case may be~\ upon the Credit of the said Act: Do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto C.D. ‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers, shall be made as aforesaid (as well such Mortgages or Assignments made by virtue of the said recited Act, as of this present Act) shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided nevertheless, that before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed, Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, signifying the Intention of borrowing such Money.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Roads

comprized

245

43° GEORGII lit. Cap. 17.

comprized in this Act, and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Common or Waite Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may fuitain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other pu,chas» ut Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, Lands, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said TruC-tees, be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall, by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint, be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become, and be and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constitucing the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the best Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or with the Town Clerk of the said City of Canterbury, according to the Jurisdiction in which such Lands or Grounds shall lie, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, Corporate and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, to treat. Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves; and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purpose aforesaid j and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executofs, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Truf-[Loc. Cf Per. J 3 tees.

tn case of Persons re* fusing to treat, or not agreeing, a Jury to (etrte the Recoin-pence.

Verdict of the Jury to be final.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

tees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or proper to be purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Commitees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them-given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Kent or of the City of Canterbury, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Premises in Question shall be fituale (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer), what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Accounc of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, to summon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered ana required to administer), and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in Question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said-Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict, or Inquisition and Judgement, Order or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and condusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons, anywise interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents or (in case of Re-fulal to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of

England,

247

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

England, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or upon leaving the fame, in case the fame should be less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Persons, and to be paid to them upon Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trul"-tees to cause the Premises, in respect whereof such Money shall beaffeifed, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Pre-miles were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Three or more of them, to the respective Sheriffs of the said County of Kent and City of Canterbury, in their respective Jurisdictions, thereby commanding and requiring such respective Sheriffs to impannel, summon, and return an ir> different Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriffs or their respective Deputies is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said respective Sheriffs or their respective Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve: Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such respective Sheriffs or their respective Deputies who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter inQueflion, or shall in any other Manner wilfully-neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury, touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn or be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course of any Part of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining Land which shall be cut and used for the Purposg of making such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then

Jury mny be challenged.

Sheriffs, etc. may be fined for \eglect of Duty.

Owners of Land used in making a new Road, to have the first Offer of the old Road.

43° GEORGII lit. Cap. 17.

and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertairied by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act, is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit to be f’.vorn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such old Road shall lie, stating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be, and such Affidavit shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively, shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required ro assure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of fuminoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Monty than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not interested in the Matter

4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 249

in Question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute ihal larife, (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle ti e fame), and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Cells and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Pro- Trusteeito vided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by rea- |^ce*'where son of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, Persons, from such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid. from treat-

ing.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Houses, etc. contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said beiD* Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk,

or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or Application agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or °a\jo,m.£hen Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this amounting Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, to l0o/-Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Admini-

strator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited, in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or act'eftingotherLands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses*

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, ancj Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be [Iff. Ss’iV.J 3R existing

250 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby dirt&ed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed tion if lets or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, exceedin'tot Pure^a^et^> taken, or-used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any exceeding jo . corp0rat;onj or to any person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Iefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments' so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiocy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, v in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the

High Court of Chancery, and beplaced to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominat ng and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Coure of Chancery.

XLI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiocy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

For gett:n;

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and repair'thV° ^or ^urveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and to and for all such RoaJs. Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to learch for, cut, uig,

get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones, Gravel,

Sand,

Application where the M' ney is lets ilun tcj.

25*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Sand, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Roads, out of or from any Common or Wade Ground, River or Brook, in any Parish,

Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Plate, in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees), search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, oflf, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or ether Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away or over, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be Notice to be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under the Au- ^cc!!pi°rs'o( thority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials in doled for repaiiing such Roads, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, M^riahare until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to to be taken, the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at fu<;h Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justices shall seem

proper j

I

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

-Penal'y on taking a*ay Jvt3t-ii,ls got b) ritei of the Surveyor.

F

make Drains

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and ttc. ' for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Person*

whom he or they shall appoint by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Roads, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads (not being aGarden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House), to be made use of as a publick Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Roads are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient Making rea- and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reason-thfatiion* able Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be in case of adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference shall Difference, happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, touching

Seniors to such Damage, then and in every such Case the Justices of the Peace, at

determine the the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the lamc‘ Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, or for the City of Canterbury, accord.

ing to the Jurisdiction in which the Land shall lie, next after the Expiration of Twenty Days front the Time of doing such Damage, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame; and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

surveyor

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

Annoyances an<^ *or l^e Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he

or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees), from Time to Time to remove and prevent all

Annoyances

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away any Gravel or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Waste, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

232

I

253

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the Paid Roads, by Rails, Steps, Sign Polls, or other Polls, and also by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing in any Part of the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bullies, shall refuse or neglect to do so for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, ligned by any Five or more of the said Trullees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Foity Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Roads to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trullees shall and may cause the said Roads to be measured, and Milellones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Diltance of One Mile from each other, and Polls to be erected to denote the Diltance of every such Poll from any Town or Place, as the said Trullees shall think fit, and also cause to be trested Guide Polls upon such Parts of the said Roads where the same are crossed or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, deltrov, obliterate, or deface any of the Stones or Polls erected or to be erected on any Parts of the said Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any of the Stones or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges or Arches on any Parts of the said Roads, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone, Poll, or Parapet Wall, so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks shall be so obliterated or defaced, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

[Lee. & Per.] 3 S

Penalty on cl rawing Timber or Stone on the Roads, other-wile than noon a Wheel Carriage.

Roads to be measured, and Milt-Hones to be let up.

Penalty on damaging Mileltcnes.

2.H

For preventing Anno) -

aiiceij tic.

Power to

Collectors,

etc. to detain

unknown

Persons

guilty of

Offences.

Persons chargeable to Statute Woik to continue so.

Ju ftices to

determine

Differences

touching

Statute

Woik.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That, for better preventing Annoyances on the said Roads, all Gates upon Inclosures next to any Parts of the said Roads shall open inwards to the Field; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on, or drive, or lead any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Parts of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Pods or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Bead, drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing, which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, with any Indrument, so as to damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry (without some reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed, in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and danding as near the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be) in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Timber, Wood, Bushes, or Hop Poles, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings or more than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

L. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act, may be trandent Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent or City of Canterbury, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall

every

255

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of therespec-tive Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Eff"dt for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of DaysStatute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered j and each and every Person, who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or re-fiifed to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer

2 56

Certain Pr-riflies exempt from Statute Work on a certain Part of the Roads.

Trustees may compound for btatute Work.

A p location of Money.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Pari (lies or Places, shall refuse or wilfully n eg left to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge the Parishes of Saint George the Martyr and Saint Paul, in the City of Canterbury, or either of them, or the Borough of L ongport, or the Inhabitants of the said respective Parishes and Borough, with, or to make them liable to do any Statute or other Work on the said new Road, from the Scite of Saint George’s Gate aforesaid, to Gutteridge Bottom aforesaid, or to exempt or discharge them from the Maintenance and Repair of the old Road from the Scite of Saint George’s Gate to Gutteridge Bottom aforesaid.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be fttuate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or try the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the First Day of May in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall in the first Place be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Monies borrowed, received, or collected, by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, and the Interest thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution: Provided nevertheless, that the Interest of the Monies borrowed upon the Credit of the said recited Act and of this Act, shall in the first place, from Time to Time, be duly and regularly paid, as the same shall become due and payable, out of the Tolls collected by virtue of this Act, before such Tolls shall be applicable to any other Purpose or Purposes whatsoever, save and except in paying and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of, or incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act as aforesaid.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by virtue of this Act impol'ed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by 8 Distrel's

257

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent or for the said City of Canterbury, where the Offence shall happen (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath); and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress, and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied), shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasureror Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trulfees, on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Eastern Division of the said County of Kent or for the said City of Canterbury (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise), next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance, before some Justice of the Peace for such County or City, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and such Determination [.Loc.&Per.] 2T shall

Actions to be brought in the Names of the Treasurer or Clerk, or One of the Trustees;

but neither of them to be liable to the Payment of Colts.

Appeal.

238

Distress not to be unlawful lor Want ut Form.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, or removeable by Certiorat i.

Plaintiffs not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amend*.

Limitation of Actions.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceedings, made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six.Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action

or

*59

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants, shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the Second Monday after the passing thereof, and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Publick Act

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i8.

An Act for amending, widening, repairing, and improving the Road from or from near to the Village of Glojfcp, in the County of Derby, to or near to Marple Bridge, in the said County; and for making several Branches of Roads to and from the same.

[24th March 1803.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Village of Glossop, in the County of Derby, through the several Hamlets of GloJJop, Whitfield, Dinting, Simondley, Charlesworth, Chisworth, and Luduuorth, to or near to Marple Bridge, in the said County of Derby, is in a very ruinous Condition, in some Parts thereof narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And whereas it will be of great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if a new Branch of Road were made from and out of the said Road from or from near a Place called The Lower Fold, in the Hamlet of Ludworth aforesaid, to Compjioiv Bridge, in the said County of Derby, and another new Branch of Road from and out of the present Road, at or near a certain Place called Gamejley, in the said Hamlet of Charlesworth, to or near to a Place called Runal Intake, in the Hamlet of Padfield, in the [Lee & Per.] 3 U said

262

Trustees.

For appointing new Trustees.

- 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

said County, to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Chapelende-Frith to Enterclough Bridge, in the said County of Derby; and another new Branch of Road from or near a Place called Turnlee, in the Hamlet of Simondley, by Dinting Mill, to a Place called Woolley Bridge, in the Hamlet of Hadfield, in the Parish of Glossop, in the said County, to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Glossop aforesaid to Claylund’s Gate, in the Township of Longdendale, in the County Palatine of Chester: And whereas the amending, w idening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and the making and maintaining the said several new Branches of Road, will greatly tend to the Improvement of the Trade and Commerce carried on in the Neighbourhood thereof, and be a great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons travelling thereon j but the several Purposes before mentioned cannot be effedeft without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That iThomas Andrew, George Andrew, John Bennett, Thomas Bennett, Ralph Bridge, Arthur Bcjlock, Robert Bennett, George Burgess, Thomas Beard, John Brocklehurjt, Thomas Barker, William Chambers Bagshaw, Samuel Bagshaw, John Cooper, William Chatterton, William Carleill, Thomas Dew-hurst, Thomas Dalton, Jofebh Denman, Francis Eyre, Vincent Eyre, Matthew Ellison, Samuel Frith, Joseph Gould, Bernard Howard, Henry Howard, Edward Howard, John Heaton, Moses lladjidd, Joseph Hadfield, Christopher Howe Clerk, Entwifile Hague, Thomas Hadfield, Jonathan Jowett, John Ijherwood, John Kerjhaw, Henry Kelfall, Henry Kirk, Samuel Kinder, Joseph Lyne, John Loton, Joshua Marriott, James Mander, Charles M‘Niven, James Nield, Robert Newton, James Newton, Isaac Newton, Samuel Oldknow, James Platt, Parkinson, William Rad-

cliffe, Samuel Ratcliffe, John Ratcliffe, John Reddish, John Robinson, George Roberts, Robert Robinson, James Robinson, Thomas Rhodes, William Starkie, Robert Shepley, Samuel Shepley, Ashton Ashton Shuttleworth, Robert Thornley, John Thornley, Joseph Thornley, Robert Thornley, John Turner, James Turner Clerk, Janies Taylor, Bache Thornhill, Harry Bache Thornhill, Nathaniel Wright, John Whitehead Clerk, James Wagfiaff, Ralph Wood, William Ward low, Thomas Wood, Thomas Winter-bottom, Robert Wright, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road and Branches of Road, and for other-wile putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Trustee shall become, by Bankruptcy or Insolvency, dispofleffed of the Qualification herein-after mentioned, or shall cease to reside for the Space of Two Years together in any of the Counties of Derby, Chester, or Lan-casier, or shall die or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to elect One other Person living in any of the said Counties, to be a Trustee in the Room of such Trustee so diqualified to act, or ceasing to reside as aforesaid in any of the said Counties of Derby, Chester, or Lancaster, or deceased, or refusing to ad; but Notice of the 'lime and

8 Place

263

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected or to be erected in or upon the said Roads, and also by inferring the fame in some Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pass, at lead Ten Days before every such Meeting; and all Persons that shall be so elected are hereby vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution as the Persons in whose Places they shall be respectively chosen were vested with; and that no Trustee or Trustees shall have Power to act in the Execution of this Act but during such Time only as he or they shall live or reftde within the said Counties of Derby, Chester, or Lancaster, or One of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate to the Amount of Eight hundred Pounds, nor (except in 'administering the Oath following) before he (not being such Heir Apparent) shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Five or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear that I truly and bond Jide am seised of, in my own Oath.

‘ Right, (or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case maybe), and in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits ‘ of a Real Estate in Law or Equity, of the clear yearly Value of Forty ‘ Pounds, (or, possessed of a Personal Estate of the Amount of Eight ‘ hundred Pounds).

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee Penalty on in the Execution of this Act, except in administering such Oath as afore- ^nc^quS-2 said, or being so qualified shall act as such Trustee before he hath taken fied. and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person so offending in all or any of the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; and that no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act; nor shall any Victualler, or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, or any menial Servant of any Trustee, be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act; but all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution

264

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, (except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested).

Trusteesmry

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and fuetTin t'li* he sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance Name ot their of this Act, either in the Names of Trustees as may be Parties to any clerk, oc. j)eecj or Instrument in Writing, upon which any Action shall or may be brought, or in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in their Names or in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be,discontinued by the Death, Incapacity, or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, or Cletk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, in case such Action shall be brought against or defended in the Name of such Clerk, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action: Provided always, that such Trustees, or Clerk in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, they or he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of their or his being so made Plaintiffs or Defendants, Plaintiff or Defendant, as aforesaid.

Fi'-ft V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or

tees, aft. more of them, shall meet on Thursday the Fourteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at the House of Edward Pickford, in Glossop aforesaid, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet yearly, some Time in the Month of August, at the Place aforesaid, or any other Place near the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper or convenient for putting this Act in Execution; which Meeting shall be deemed a General Meeting, and at which yearly Meeting all Accounts relating to the said Trull shall be examined, settled, and adjusted; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, at any such Meeting, adjourn themselves to some convenient Place or Places at or near the said Roads respectively, and may make such further Adjournments from Time to Time, for putting this Act in Execution, as they shall think proper; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, then and in such Case the Clerk to such Trustees, by Notice in Writing to be affixed at or on all the Turnpikes then erected on the said Roads, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, shall appoint such Trustees to meet at the House where the lait Meeting of such Trustees was appointed to be held, on that Day Three Weeks on which such last Meeting of such Trustees was appointed to have been held; and that the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Charges and Expences i and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise, (except as herein particularly mentioned); and no Order or

Determination

265

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Determination of the said Trustees shall be made, unless a Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein, such Meeting not consisting of less than the respective Number herein mentioned, (as the Case may be); nor shall any such Order or Determination be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Nine Trustees shall be present, nor unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke or alter any such Order, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk to the said Trustees, and for Want of such Clerk to the Person or Persons acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inserted in Manner herein-before mentioned, at least Ten Days previous to any such Meeting.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the Em^g«icie» said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier

Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, then and in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the acting Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, (such Time being not less than Twenty Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Trustees may more of them, may appoint such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Trea-

furers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls hereby granted, and other Officers respectively, as they shall think proper; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon the rcipedive Turnpikes which shall be then erected on the said Roads, by any Writing or Writings under their respective Hands, from Time to Time, to remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new Ones in Cases of Death or such Removal; and the said Tolls shall be paid after the Ra es herein mentioned, to such Persons as shall be so appointed to receive the same; and the said Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, and all other Persons who shall be employed in the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act shall, at the said annual Meeting to be held in the Month of August in every Year, give unto such Trustees true and perftd Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all the Monies which shall have been by them respectively collected or received, and how, to whom, aim to what Uses the fame have been paid and applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their Hands to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons, or to such Uses and Purposes as they, or any Five or more of them, shall direct and appoint; and that all such Officers and other Persons shall verify such Accounts upon Oaih,

(which Oath any Two of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to ad-[Lec Per.J 3 X minister);

266

Trustees to appoint temporary Collector*.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. iZ.

minister); and if any of the said Officer.*, or other Persons, shall not give such Account, or shall refuse to verify the fame in Manner as aforesaid, that then and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Officer or other Person shall reside, and such Justices are hereby authorized and required to make Enquiry concerning such Default in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Parties themselves, as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer without Ft-e or Reward); and if any such Person {halt be thereof convicted, such Justices shall commit the Party to the Common Goal of the County or Place where such Person shall reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and verify such Account in Manner as aforesaid; and in case any of the said Officers, or other Persons, shall refuse or neglect to pay any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hand', it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall live or reside, to make Enquiry touching such Neglect or Refusal in a summary Way, in Manner as aforesaid, and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Sums of Money as shall appear to them to be due and unpaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party or Parties, after the Money remaining due, and the Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found, then the said Justices, or any Two other Justices for the respective County or Place, shall commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person shall live or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have paid over such Money in Manner as aforesaid, or compounded for the fame, and paid such Composition Money to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them at any Meeting, are hereby empowered to make: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress, for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, absconding, misbehaving, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver who shall abscond, misbehave, or become incapable, or absent himself as aforesaid, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver so dying or being discharged, and to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Re-spefts as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said 1 oils, who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Reprefer.ta-

tives

267

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

tives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, ibfcond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given or left on the Premises for that Purpose, by or under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Toll House or Building shall be, by Warrant under his or iheir Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer within the same County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person and Persons who shall be found therein, and the Occupier and Occupiers thereof, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their Clerk, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof, with the Appurtenances.

IX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising by the Tolls to be collected at each respective Turnpike, such Allowances shall be made to the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and that out of the Monies arising by the Tolls to be collected at all the said Turnpikes such Allowances and Compensations shall be made to the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall take such Security from their Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem expedient.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may erect and fee up, or cause to be erected and set up, so many Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said several Roads and intended Branches of Road, or of any Lane or Way leading into the fame respectively, as they may judge expedient) and shall and may also erect or provide a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences, at or near each Turnpike or Toll Gate; and may also inclose from the said Roads convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge proper; and may cause all or any of such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, and set up again, or altered, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings, Weighing Engines, and Fences, erected or provided in and upon or on the Sides of the said

Roads,

Trustees may allow Salaries,

Treasurers to give Security,

Power toeretf Turnpikes.

Veiling Turnpike* and Toll Hotiies in Trustees,

268 ' 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Roads, and of the Materials for building the fame, and for repairing the said Roads, shall be vested in the said Trustees; and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to bring Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall disturb them in the Possession thereof.

tolls to be taken at the Bars*

Double Toil to be taken on Sunday,

For Recovery of Tolls, ttc.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following shall and may be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse or other Cattle, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Turnpikes or Toll Gates, as shall or may be erected by virtue of this Act; (that is to say).

For every Horse or other Beall of Draught drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Hearse, Chariot, Curricle, Calalh, Chaise, Chair Marine, or Chair, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beall of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Beall of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And that on every Sunday after the passing of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken at any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to beerested by virtue of this Act, by such Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, before any Horse, Cattle, or other Beall, shall be permitted to pass through the fame. Double the Tolls before directed to be taken on any other Day of the Week.

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll , and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, tp collect such Toll, to seize and distrain any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, or any of their Harness or Accoutrements , and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so dillraining shall and may fell the Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Things so didrained, returning the Overplus, (if any), on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted; and that all" the Tolls to be collected or levied by virtue of this Act, shall be, and are hereby

2 0 9

4-3° GiiORGII III. Cap.\S.

hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied and may be assigned in such Manner as herein-after mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Cnlleftor or Person so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Quantity of the Tolls or the Charges of the Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress, as the Case may happen, be ascertained by fume Justice of the Peace for the said County, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter on Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose, upon the said Justice; all which said Sums as shall be so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid Toll for passing through any Turnpike to be erected upon the said Roads, shall be subject to any Toll for returning through such Turnpike the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night with the fame Horses, or other Cattle, or with the fame Coach, Chaise, Waggon, or other Carriage, but shall return Toll-free, on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes, which Note or Ticket such Collector is hereby required to deliver grata on Receipt of the Tolls.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be deman led or taken for the passing of any Cattle or Carriage which shall only cross the said Roads or any of them, or shall travel on them or any of them for the Space of One hundred Yards only; unless such crofting shall be with an Intent to avoid the Payment of Toll at any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and the Payment of such Tolls shall be avoided accordingly.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed, in carrying the Mails of Letters or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's lJofl-Master General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom; nor for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Restor, Vicar, or Curate going to officiate, or returning from officiating at any Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor of or from any Person or Persons going to, or returning from his, her, or their Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to

[Lee. Etf Per.] 3 T be

Fir settlirg Disputes con« ceniing 1‘uU*.

Toils to be taken but Once a Day.

No Ton for

croiling the Road.

Exemptions from Toils.

270 43° GEORGII lit. Cap. i8,

be celebrated, or who shall be attending or going to attend, or returning from attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die or be buried in any Township, Hamlet, or Place through which any of the said Roads pass; nor for or in respect of any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Gravel, Stone, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any Road in any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places, in which the fame do lie, or Dung, Mould, Marl, Soil, or Compost, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever (Lime excepted) for manuring any Garden or other Lands or Grounds within any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places in which any Toll Gate is or shall be erected on the said Roads, or in any of the adjoining Townships, Hamlets, or Places; or Grass, Hay, Saint-foin. Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, Turnips, or Potatoes to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Yards, or Premises of the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers of Land within the said respective Town-ships, Hamlets, or Places, being the Growth and Produce of Land held and occupied by the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers within such re-speflive Township, Hamlet, or Place, and carried for their own private Use and Consumption only, and not for Sale; nor for any such Cattle or Carriage going only to be, or returning after having been only so employed; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses or Cattle drawing any empty Carriages not used for Pleasure, and being the Property of any of the Inhabitants of such respective Townships, Hamlets, or Places; nor for any Cattle drawing a Carriage going with or going empty for, or returning empty after having been laden with any Plough, Harrow, or other Instrument of Husbandry also belonging to any such Inhabitant or Occupier; nor for any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Stock of any Kind, going to or from Water, Pallure, Plough, or other Work in Husbandry, or going to or returning from any Smith, or Blacksmith’s Shop to be Ihoed; nor for any Cattle or Carriage carrying Corn to any Mill to be ground, or returning empty after having delivered such loading, or going unladen to fetch such Corn ground, or returning loaden therewith, such Corn being the Property of any Inhabitant of the Township, Hamlet, or Place where such Corn shall be ground, or of any adjoining Township, Hamlet, or Place, provided such Corn shall be for the Use and Consumption of such Inhabitant only, and not for Sale; nor for any Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Pafles; nor of or from any Person or Persons going to vote, or returning from voting at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said County of Derby, or for the Borough of Derby on the Day before the Day or Days of such Election, or the Day after the same shall be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less thap Forty Shillings.

Thit Cuttle

XVIII. And whereas Doubts may arise how far Cattle and Carriages !*<fen with8" laden with Lime are exempt from the Payment of Toll: And whereas there time than be is already great Passage on the Roads hereby intended to be repaired, of Tol'^ to Horses laden with Lime; and when the said Roads shall be repaired, amended, and widened, a considerable Addition will be had to such Passage by Carriages laden with Lime: And whereas it is but reasonable that Cattle and Carriages laden with Lime should contribute to the Expence of maintaining the said Roads; be it therefore further enabled. That

nothing

2?i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

nothing in the Exemption Clause herein-before enacted shall extend, or be construed to extend to exempt Cattle and Carriages laden with Lime from the Payment of Toll, with which they are hereby declared to be subject and chargeable, as well as all other Cattle and Carriages travelling on the said Hoads, other than and except those as are particularly mentioned and specified in the herein-before enacted Exemption Clause;

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Bar Keeper* Litigation, shall happen to arise touching or in anywise relating to the said

Tolls or the Recovery thereof, the Person or Persons appointed to col-left the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and they and every of them are and is hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute,

Suit, or Litigation.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person shall NoExemption have or claim any Benefit or Exemption from Toll for or in respect of any carri^e!with Waggon, Care, or other Carriage, which hath or shall have Wheels of wheels of left Breadth than Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, and upon which the Sole shall not lie flat, or so as not to deviate more than Half an inches.

Inch from a flat Surface, and shall not have the Nails counter-funk so as not to rife above the Surface; or for or in respect of any Waggons,

Cart, or other Carriage which together with the Loading thereof shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom; to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages of the same Kind respectively, and laden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Toll thereby imposed; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Waggons,

Carts, or other Carriages, to be weighed in like Manner and with the fame Powers and Authorities as is directed for the weighing of Carriages by the said Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall offer or dispose of any such Note or Ticket to any Peftop, in order to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, every Person so offering or disposing of such Note or Ticket, and the Person receiving and making use of the fame, shall respectively forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein directed to be applied.

Penalty on Persons disposing of Tickets to avoid paying Toll*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any publick Meeting, if they shall think proper, to order and cause to be built and erected, at any of the Turnpike Bars or Toll Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act upon any Part of the said Roads, or at such Distance from such Turnpike Bars or Toll Gates as they shall think requisite and expedient, a Crane, Machine, or Engine, with a suitable House or other Building thereto, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, conveying any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever; and to each such Crane,

Machine,

Trustees may

at publick Meetings, order Engines to be eretled for weighing Carriages, and may take si per Centum for Overweight.

272 45° GEORGII III. Cap. i8‘.

Machine, or Engine to order and cause to be erected a Turnpike Gate or Toll Gate, across the said Roads, and by Writing, ligned by them or any Five or more of them, to order all or any such Carriage or Carriages which shall pais loaded through any such Gate or Bar, or shall come upon any of the said Roads within the Diitance of Fifty Yards from any fetch Crane, Machine, or Engine, though the fame Carriage or Carriages shall not have paired through any Toil Gate or Turnpike Gate, to be weighed together with the Loading thereof; and ir shall be lawful for the said Trulfees, or any Five or more of them, to order any Person or Persons to receive and take over and above the Tolls hereby granted, the following Sums of Money as additional Tolls for every Hundred Weight of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred which any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any Weighing Engine erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, over and above the Weights allowed to each of them respectively by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: that is to say, for the First and Second Hundred of such Overweight, the Sum of Three-pence ior each Hundred; for every Hundred of such - Ovet weight above Two Hundred and not exceeding Five Hundred, the

Sum of Sixpence; ior every Hundred of such Overweight above Five Hundred and not exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; for every Hundred of such Overweight above Ten Hundred and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Five Shillings; and for every Hundred of such Overweight above Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; which said additional Toll hereby granted and made payable, shall and may be levied and recovered in any of the Cases aforesaid upon any Person liable thereto, or-upon his or her Goods or Chattels, who shall after Demand made thereof refuseor neglect to pay the fame, in such Manner as any other Toll is hereby directed to be levied and recovered; and the Money arising from such additional Toll shall be applied to the Repair of the Road where the same shall be collected.

No Toll but for Over*

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall be col-wcight1u~any lifted or payable at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of Turnpike or this Act, at any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, for the Use of any ginshins El'" such Crane, Machine, or Engine onlyjbfcr any Carriage passing through the fame and being weighed, except for Overweight as aforesaid.

The Person appointed by the Trullees, shall weigh all loaded Car* riares which he has Keafon tofuspectcarry Overweight.

Drifer to place his Cart upon the Crane or

Engin?.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of every such Toll Gate or Bar where any such Weighing Engine shall be erected, or any other Person appointed or to be appointed by the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, to the Care of such Crane, Machine, or Engine, shall and is hereby required to weigh all such Waggons and Carts liable to be weighed by virtue of this Act, which shall pass laden through such Gates or Bars respectively, or shall come upon any Part of the said Turnpike Roads within the Diitance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, without passing through any such Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or Toll Bars respectively, and which he shall have Reason to believe carry greater Weights than are allowed to pass without paying such additional Toll; and if any Gate Keeper or Person so appointed shall permit any such Waggon or Cart to pass through any such Toll Gate with greater Weight than is allowed as aforesaid, withouc weighing the fame and receiving such additional Tolls as aforesaid, and every Owner or

Driver

273

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Driver of any such Waggon or Cart which shall pass loaded through an^ such Gates or Bars respectively, or shall come upon any Part of the said Turnpike Roads, within the Distance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, who shall refuse to suffer his Carriage to be weighed, or shall refuse to drive his Carriage upon the Engine upon being required so to do by the Collector or Receiver of such additional Tolls, although such Waggon or Cart shall have passed beyond the Distance of One hundred Yards from any such Gates or Bars respectively, or beyond any such Crane or Engine as aforesaid, or shall not drive his Cart upon the said Weighing Engine for the Purpose of being weighed, being required so to do, every such Gate Keeper or Person so appointed as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and the Driver being the Owner of every such Waggon or Cart shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds; and the Driver of every such Waggon or Cart, not being the Owner, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not txceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXV. And, in order to detest the said Collector or Receiver in any fraudulent Connivance or Neglect of Duty in the Matters aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Trustee, Creditor, Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor of such Turnpike Roads respectively, if he shall suspect any such Connivance or Neglect as aforesaid, to cause any Carriage, liable to be weighed by virtue of this Act, which shall have passed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall come upon any Part of the said Roads within the Distance of Fifty Yards from the Place where such Crane, Machine, or Engine shall be erected, and shall not have passed, or be above Three hundred Yards beyond or from such Toll Gate or Weighing Engine, to return to such Weighing Engine and be there weighed, with the Loading thereof, in the Presence of such Trustee, Creditor, Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor, upon requiring the Driver thereof to drive such Carriage back to such Weighing Engine, and upon paying or tendering to him the Sum of One Shilling for so doing (which Sum of One Shilling shall be returned to the Person paying the fame, if upon weighing such Carriage and Loading the same shall be found above the Weight hereby allowed); and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to inclose from the said Hoads, or to purchase and inclose from the Lands adjoining thereto, sufficient Ground for the Purpose of erecting such Cranes, Machines, or Engines, and Houses or other Buildings and Conveniencies thereto, and for the Purpose of making convenient Places for turning such Carriages upon every such Road where any such Weighing Engine shall be erected, on each Side thereof if the Ground will admit of the fame; and there shall be a List of the Names of all the Trustees and Creditors, and also of the Clerk, Treasurer, and Surveyor of such Roads respectively, put up in the House or Building where such Weighing Engine shall be placed, to be inspected by the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage; and if the Driver of any such Carriage, being so tequested to return with his Carriage to such Weighing Engine, shall nt-gleft or r fufefo to do, he shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons being then present, upon such Neglect or Re-ILoc. ^f Per.-] 3Z ful'al.

Or for his Neglect shall forfeit not exceeding 5 /. nor leis than Forty Shillings.

T o dete&

Frau I in the Gate Kttp^r, any Trustte, &c. may compel the tar-riage, within Three Hundred Yards, to return and be weighed in hi# Preieuce.

Convenient Places to be made for Carriages to turn about.

274 43° GEORGII III. Cap. iS.

fufal, to drive and take Fuch Carriage back to such Weighing Engine, in order that the fame may be weighed as aforesaid.

Penalty on

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall k.adin5 tu" unload or cause to be unloaded any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to'avof/the from any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, at or before the same shall u ft ion a'or an" come to any Turnpike Gate or Weighing Engine, erected or to be ered-oth'er Toiri.a,'y ed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or shall load or lay upon any such Carriage, after the same shall have passed any such Turnpike or Weighing Machine, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, taken or unladen from any Horse, Cart, or other Carriage belonging to, or hired or borrowed by the fame Waggoner or Carrier, in order to avoid the Payment of the said respective Duties of Three-pence, Sixpence, Two Shillings and Sixpence, Five Shillings, and Twenty Shillings per Hundred in the Cases aforesaid; or if any Person shall so unload, and thereby pay less Toll at such Turnpike Gate than would have been paid if such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize had not been so unloaded, each and every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the Owner of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, and each and every Driver, not being the Owner of such Waggon or Carriage, so offending, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall be committed to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months.

Penalty on Person* driving Carriages out of the Road to avoid the Toil, and afterward returning upon it.

And if the Driver, Half that Sum.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner of any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, or other Person being the Driver thereof, travelling on the said Roads, where any Toll Gate or Weighing Engine is or shall be erected, shall turn out of the fame into any other Road in order to avoid being weighed, or to avoid the paying of Toll, and shall afterwards proceed with such Carriage into and on any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made and amended, every such Owner or other Person, convicted of such Offence before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where such Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit (if he be the Owner) any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, and if he be the Driver and not the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, upon Conviction for every such Offence.

toiiUnce fi<ed

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Carriage liable to be *or^whteis weighed by virtue of this Act shall pass along the said Roads unless the to be welshed, fame shall be made and construded in such Manner that no Pair of such Wheels shall be wider than Four Feet Six Inches from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground (except Wheels having the Soles of the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, which shall be so construded as to roll a Surface of Sixteen Inches ', and that the wider Part of such Wheels shall not be more than Five Feet Eight Inches from In-ftde to Inside, to be measured on the Ground, and that the Distance from

275

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

the Centre of the Fore Wheel to the Centre of the Hind Wheel of any Waggon, or Four wheeled Carriage not being used for the Carriage of Timber only, be not above Nine Feet, to be measured from the Centre of the Axletrees at the Ends thereof, on Pain of the Owner or Owners of every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence; and the Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate Keeper or Gate Keepers of the said Roads, is and are hereby authorized and required, at any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or at any other Place upon the said Turnpike Roads, to measure every such Waggon, Wain, or other such Cart; and if any Master or Driver of any Waggon, Wain, or other such Cart, shall hinder or refuse to permit such Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate Keeper or Gate Keepers to measure such Waggon, Wain, or Cart as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall not be lawful for any such Waggon* Wain, or Cart, not permitting to be measured as aforesaid, to pass along the said Roads.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Gate Keeper or Toll Gatherer of every such Toll Gate or Bar, and the Keeper of every such Toll Gate or Bar where any such Crane, Machine, or Weighing Engine shall or may hereafter be erected or set up in or across the said Turnpike Roads, and every Surveyor of the said Roads, shall, when required by Notice in Writing from the said Trustees, or any Five of more of them, render upon Oath (to be administered by and taken before any One Justice of the Peace in and for the said County of Derby, or before any Trustee of the said Roads) a true and exact Account in Writing to the said Trustees, or to any Person to be named in such Notice appointed by them, or any Five or more of them, of all Monies received by him, her, or them, at such Toll Gate or Bars or otherwise, on Account of the said Turnpike Roads not before accounted for, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds for every such Offence or Neglect, to be recovered in a summary Manner before any One such Justice of the Peace, and applied to the Use of the said Roads; and every Collector or Toll Gatherer at any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, who shall take a greater or less Tollor Tolls from any Person or Persons than what is or are hereby authorized and directed to be taken for Overweight, as herein-before is mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty-Shillings.

XXX. And whereas Part of the said Roads leads over Commonable and Waste Grounds, and the Tolls by this Act granted may, by reason of the great Width and Extent of such Commons and Waste Grounds, be easily avoided; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered if they fee Occasion, to make, or cause to be made such Ditches, Cops, Walls, and Fences, by the Sides of the said Roads, or upon, over, or across the said Commons or Waste Grounds, in such Manner and Direction as they shall find necessary, so that the Payment of the said Tolls may not be avoided; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down, or otherwise damage, displace, or carry away any such Fence, or any Part thereof, or shall fill up or spoil any such Ditch, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Surveyors and Gate Keepen required to measure them.

Gate ICeepers and Surveyors to account upon Oath when required by the Trultcei.

Trustee* may make Fences on Common* to prevent Tolls being avoided.

276

Penalty on permitting private Passage, etc. or evading Toll.

Tolls may be varied.

Trainees empowered to compound for Tolls.

43° GEORGII III. Qap. 18.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, pass through any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate at any Time crested on the said Roads (the fame not being a publick Highway), or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage whatsoever to pass through the fame, or if any Person or Persons shall give to, or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Act directed to be given whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate, with any Horse, or other Cattle or Bead, without Payment of Toll, shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle or Bead from any Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Parc of the said Roads, any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, or shall with such Intent unload any Goods from any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, or in any Manner whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to betaken, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the Penalties are hereby directed to be applied.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to I iine assembled at any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, and for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think proper, and may afterwards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Rates herein-after mentioned, and to order and direct such Tolls so to be lessened or reduced or advanced, to be collected, received, taken, laid out, and applied for the Purpose of this Act, in such Manner as the said respective Tolls are herein-before directed to be collected, levied, and applied; but no such Reduction shall be made, unless the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Two Thirds of the Money which shall have been lent, and be then due upon the Credit of the Tolls intended to be reduced shall be consenting thereto; and that no such Reduction shall be made unless Thirty Days Notice at lead shall be given in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act, exprefhng the Intention of making such Reduction, and inserted in some publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads do pass.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any One Time,-with any Person or Persons for any Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages pading

through

' 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so that no such Com* position shall be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire; and all such Composition Money, shall be paid One Year in Advance, otherwise such Composition shall be void.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees may Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writ- ,ease To11*-ing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hand and Seal of their

Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, by their Order to be made for that Purpose, to let or lease the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, unto any Person or Persons, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any One Time, for the bed Rent that can or may be got for the fame, payable at such Times and under such Covenants and unto such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall direct or appoint; of which Letting,

Fourteen Days Notice at the lead shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act upon the said Roads, and by inserting the fame in some publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pass; and the Monies arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so let or leased are directed to be applied.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall ap- caufwlks point, (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose etc. ' J ’ from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them), to make causeways,

and also Ditches and Drains in and upon the said Roads, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduct the Water from and off the said Roads; and also to widen any Part of the said Roads, by opening, clearing, and laying into the fame any Grounds of any Person or Persons lying contiguous thereto, so as to make such Parts of the said Roads not exceeding Sixty Feet in Width; and also to make a Road through the Grounds adjoining or lying near to any hollow Way, narrow or ruinous Part of the said Roads, not being the Grounds whereon any House or Outbuilding dands, or a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park,

Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees previous to the Fird Day of "January, One thousand eight hundred and three, to be made use of as a publick Highway whild the High Road is repairing or widening; and also by Order of any Five or more of the said Trufless to build, erect, and repair, or keep in Repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and across any Stream, Brook,

Water, Ditch, or Drain thereon, or contiguous thereto, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively for the Damage they shall or may thereby fudain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages, the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Difference shall arise at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the same County or Place next after such Difference shall arise (on Six clear Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left ILoc fcf Per.) a A at

Z& 43° GEORGII i III. Cap. 18.

at ills or their respective Places of Abode) shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Damages, and the Costs attending the hearing and determining the fame, whose Judgement and Order therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; but no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Common or Waste Lands.

Surveyors to

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyor*-

£ Uravei’ to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor or Surveyers, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, is and are hereby empowered to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, px other Materials proper for the making and repairing the said Roads, in, upon, out of, or from any Waste Grounds or Commons, Rivers or Brooks, in any Parish, Town, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Town, or Place, to be used in making and repairing the said Roads, without paying any Thing for the fame; and to cart and carry away the fame over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons making Satisfaction as herein-after mentioned; such Surveyor or other Person filling up the Pit or Pits, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pit or Pits so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if such Quantities of Furze, Heath, Stones, or other Materials proper and sufficient for that Purpose, cannot be had or found in or upon such Waste Grounds or Commons, Rivers or Brooks contiguous to that Part of the said Roads therewith to be made and repaired, or so near or so convenient as the fame can be found and gotten in any private Lands or Grounds contiguous to the fame Roads, then and in such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, cur, dig, and make any Pit or Pits, and get, gather, take, and carry away such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees), paying or tendering Payment to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds such Damages for the cutting, digging, gathering, taking, and carrying away the said Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, and Materials, and for carrying the fame, or the Materials gotten in any Common or Waste Grounds, Rivers or Brooks as aforesaid, over their Lands or Grounds as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees or any of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed or employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any or either of them, concerning the said Damages, the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place wherein such Lands or Grounds shall lie, at their General Quarter Selltons of the Peace to be held in and for the same County or Place next after such Difference shall arise, and on Six clear Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at their respective Places of Abode, shall hear, let le, and determine the Matter of the said Damages, and the Costs attending the hear-

ing

279

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

rng and determining the fame, whose Judgement and Order therein shall tie final and conclusive to all Parties.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, or any other Statute now in being, to take and carry away Materials for the repairing the said Roads out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Limit where such Lands are situated, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had or taken out of or from such Lands and Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think meet, authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or any Five or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear, by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take or carry away Materials which shall have been digged or gathered for the Purpose of making, completing, or amending the said Roads, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, from Time to Time (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees or any Five or more of them), to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Roads, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and convert the same to his and their own TJfe and Uses, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running along, into, or out of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as deep and as large as he or they shall think necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes growing or ro grow on the said Roads or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto respectively, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Walk, or Avenue to a House) and to take and carry away the fame in

S urveyors not to carry away Materials out ot private Grounds, withoutgiving Notice to the Occupier.

Penalty on taking away Materials got by Surveyor*.

Surveyorsmay remove Annoyances.

280 4-3* GEORGII III. Gap. 18.

cale the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall for the Space of Seven Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Surveyors, neglect to top, lop, cut down, or remove such Trees, Shrubs, or Bullies, or to open, scour, cleanse, widen or deepen such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyantefc in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or- the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall require; the Charges whereof to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are herein directed to be recovered and applied; and if after removing any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lets than Forty Shillings.

Penalties

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

surveyor!5 assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause to be assaulted, interrupted, er

hindered, any Cqlledor of the Tolls, or any Turnpike Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them employed in the Execution of this Act, and while doing or performing any Work authorized to be done or performed by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less thap Forty Shillings.

XLI. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act in Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call <o his or their Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place, and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his or their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden within and for the County or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, oranyTwb or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way,' and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the justice at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, of the same County or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

- And

For fecitring transiint Offenders.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. it. 281

XLlt. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Ma- Power to turn jority of the Trustees present at any Meeting of any Nine or more Truf- of'tVe^ tees, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, and they Roads, are hereby authorized and empowered to widen, turn, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Roads to be made, repaired, and kept in Repair by this Act, for the Accommodation of Paifengers through any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments under such Terms and Satisfaction as are herein-after mentioned; and also through any Commons or Wide Grounds, without making Satisfaction for such Commons or Waste Grounds; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, through which or whereupon the said Roads hereby authorized to be made, widened, turned, or altered, are intended to pass, and to stake out and make the fame in such Manner as the said Trustees or such Majority as aforesaid shall think necessary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such last mentioned Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments respectively, for any the Purposes of this Act, first making and tendering Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may thereby sustain.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the rty Days said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall at any Meeting or gjvenVf0<ii-Meetings to be convened under the Authority of this Act, signify by an vesting Roads. Order in Writing under their Hands their Intention or Desire of diverting, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the said Roads, then that Thirty Days Notice at least shall be previously given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected in or upon the said Roads, and also by inferring the fame in One of the Manchester Newspapers, of the Time and Place and Purpose of the said Meeting.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid it Trustessm»y shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to contract with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or He- persons feil* reditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such othTriUredi Owners or Persons may sustain by making, diverting, turning, or altering laments'1' *" the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such w»nted for Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the of'thiTAA* Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by making, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and to pay for the fame by and out of the Tolls and other Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, and Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons whomsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof,

[Let* & Per.] 4 B or

$82

If Parties do nota^ree, or the Owner cannot *?nke a Title, the Value of the Premises to be settled by a Jury

Sheriff to fumtnon a Jury.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

or for their Interest therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or last Place or Places of Abode of such Perfoji or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments intended to be taken in and added to any of the said Roads, and through which any of the said Roads shall be intended to be turned as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Cases the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause it to be inquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Derby, (which Oaths any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages shall be sustained by and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner or Owners, Proprietor' or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Persons as aforesaid, for or on Account of the turning such Roads through such Lands or Grounds; and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to summon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whotnfo-ever who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the Pretnifes, (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer), and they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises; and such Trustees shall order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be assessed by the said Jury for such Damages as aforesaid, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, and Determination, shall be final and binding to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whatsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors-, and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue out a Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County, thereby commanding him to impanel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear

before

283

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured, to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XLVL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn, or re-fufingto give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall retufe or neglect to appear, or refuse to be examined and to give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine or Fines in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be levied and disposed of, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby charged upon the respective Tolls by this Act appropriated for the repairing the respective Roads so to be made, widened, turned, or altered, or on the Monies to be borrowed upon the Credit of such respective Tolls, and shall be paid thereout accordingly to the Persons entitled respectively thereto, or to their Agents j and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons or their Agents, and in case of Refusal to take and accept of the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the Trustees, for the Use of such Persons, and after One Calendar Month’s Notice thereof given to such Persons, or their Agents, to receive such Money, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Wotkmen, or Agents, to enter into Possession of, and to lay such Land or Ground into the said Roads, and to do all and every such Act, Matter, and Thing, with relation to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit. and the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so taken into or made Part of the said Roads, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be to all Intents and Purposes a Publick and Common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Roads hereby appointed to be made, repaired, and widened, are by this or any other Law to be repaired; and after any such new Road

Juries may be challenged, and Sheriffs fined for Default.

Money allowed for Lands, etc. how to b* charged and tendered.

284

How the Expect cs of Jury shall be paid.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Hull be Completed, the Lands and Grounds conflicting the former Road, unless leading ovet some Common or Waste, or to some Town or Place to which such new Road shall not lead, shall be veiled in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, for the bed Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied in such Maimer as the Tolls hereby appropriated to the Repair of the Road so to be sold as aforesaid are directed to be applied; and all Deeds of Conveyances executed by the said Trudces or any Five or more of them, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which such Lands lie, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; but this Act shall not extend to give Power to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to take down any House or other Building, or to take in any Land that is a Garden adjoining to any Dwelling House, or any Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or Nursety for Trees, or any Part thereof, such Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue, or Nursery, not having been made or planted within the Space of One Year immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give In and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence for the Right, Intered, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lois or Damage to be by him, her, or them, fudained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the Jury as a Recompence or Satisfaction for anyfucn Right, Intered, or Property, or Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict of Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Rrcompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Intered, or Property in, cr Loss of Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, (h ill be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the respective County, not intereded in the Matter in question, (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may

be

285

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

be recovered by the Clerk to the Trustees, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed tQ. his Account ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rcncs and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Turchafe of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or affeSing other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or H?re-i ditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mooney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, pr Hereditaments-, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to’any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, tfjeii and in all such Cases, the same shall at the Option of the Peffo.n or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, \Loc. £s? Per.] 4 C Committee

Application of Cumpenf.’tioa where exceeding 200 /.

Application where the Compensation does not exceed lO'jt. norlels than 10 /.

286

Application where the Money is less than 20 /.

Trustees not to pull down Houses, &c. without Con-fen t ctc%

Upon Payment of Purchase Money, Conveyance* to be executed.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purpose of this Act, or the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Power and Authority given to the said Trustees, shall not extend to the pulling down any Dwelling House or other Building, or taking in the Scite of any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, or to take in any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground, planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietor thereof.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be agreed on, or adjudged or awarded by the Jury to be paid for the Purchase of the said Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons entitled thereto, shall make and execute or procure to be made and executed proper and effectual Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, of the said Premises, for which such Sum or Sums of Money was or were so awarded or adjudged to be paid, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things necessary or requisite to make a good, clear, and perfect Title thereunto; and such Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances shall contain such usual and reasonable Covenants as shall on Behalf of the Trustees be required; and in case any Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be agreed, awarded, or adjudged to be paid as aforesaid, shall not evince a clear and perfect Title to the said Premises, and make or procure to be made, at the Expence of the said Trustees, proper and effectual Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do being the reunto required, such Sum or Sums of Money, so agreed, awarded, or adjudged to be paid as aforesaid; being ready to be paid to him, her, or them, on making such Title, and tendered for that Purpose, or in case any Person

or

287

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

or Persons entitled to the Premises for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed, awarded, or adjudged as aforesaid, cannot be found in Great Britain, or in case by reason of Disputes depending in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or for Defeat of Evidence, it shall not appear 10 the said Trullees or any Five or inofe of them, what Person or Persons is or are entitled to the Premises in Question, that then and in every such Case such Money shall, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trullees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Morey shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons entitled to the fame; and the said Money shall be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and the Dividend and annual Produce of the fame Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Pur poles of this Act aforesaid; and when and so soon as the Sum or Sums of Money lo to be inverted in the publick Funds shall be inverted therein, all the Estate, Right, T itle, Interest, Use,

Trust, Property, Equity of Redemption, Claim and Demand whatsoever in Law and Equity, on all and every Person or Persons who shall be entitled to such Money, of, in, to, from, and out the lame Premises, or any Part thereof, shall vert in the said Trustees, and they the fame Trullees shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof in Fee Simple, freed and discharged from all Claims, Demands, and Equity of Redemption whatsoever, either in Law or Equity, to all Intents and Purposes as fully and effectually as if all and <very Person and Persons having any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Dower, Righc or Title of Dower, and Equity of Redemption, of, in, to, from and out of the fame Premises, had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Ileleafe, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever.

LIV. And whereas by Reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees Trustees em-or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered and required to net'*

make by virtue of this Act, they may happen to be seised of some Piece wanted for tho or Pieces of Ground, over and above what shall be necessary for effecting Purposesot the Purposes of this Act; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful t,us Aa‘ for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels as they shall find mod advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Truf- p'rfons,from tees before they shall sell and dispose of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, Land’s sv. shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom bi,v<; bee‘' they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground; and in case fJJJe the pre°. such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse ference. to repurchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a

Master

2 88

Tmftee; mav 1’orrow Money ui>on M rt-gage of Tolls.

Form of Mortgage.

43° GEORGII liL Cap. 18.

Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refuled by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of re-purchasing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or PaTcel of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purpose; of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

. .1 ,!! i\'

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Notice in Writing shall be given' by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Roads, and inserted in some One or more publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pass, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time by any Writing or Instrument under theiT Handis and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls ft be collected and arising by virtue- of this Act, and also the Toll House and Appurtenances thereunto belonging (the Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal Interest as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them shall think proper; which said Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls to arise or be collected at the said Turnpikes are hereby intended to be applied and disposed of, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall thi nk proper; ([videlicet),

‘ T)Y virtue and in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

[here insert the Title of this AS3 in Consideration of the Sum of

289

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

4 to A.B. the Treasurer appointed by the

Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, having been this

« Day paid by C.D. of We whose Names

‘ are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed, being Seven of the said

Trustees, do grant and assign unto the said C. D.

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls

‘ arising upon the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of the Turn-‘ pikes and Toll Houses for collecting the said Tolls, as the said Sum of ‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Sum

‘ due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls or charged thereupon,

‘ for the Term of the said Act, to have, hold, receive, and take such Proportion of the said Tolls, Toll Houses, and Premises, with the Appurtenances unto the said C.D. Executors,

4 Administrators, and Assigns, for the Residue and Remainder now to come of Years, for which the said Tolls are

granted by the said Act, subject to the Proviso following, (that is to say): Provided always, that if the said Sum of

shall be repaid to the said C.D. Executors,

4 Administrators, or Assigns, together with Interest for the fame after the Rate of per Centum per Annum,

without any Deduction whatsoever, on or before the

Day of now next ensuing, then this Assignment

shall be void, or else shall remain in full Force.

« In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals

this Day of

Copies of all whiph Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book t^1Iec,cl'° be or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the Trust "t not said Trustees; but nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con- |jae1n\heu-flrued to extend to charge or subject the said Trustees, or any of them, private Ca-or the Persons appointed to receive the said Money or any Part thereof, p*cltie$‘ to any Payment of the fame, by reason of their or any of their signing any such Mortgages, Assignments, or other Securities to be made in pursuance of this Act or any of them; and all and every Person and may'beftHgn Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as ed. aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, or the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, before One credible Witness, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever, all which Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignments or Transfers, containing the Dates,

Names, and Additions of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Assignments, for which the Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and which said Book or Books shall and may, at all reasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward , and after such Entry made, and not otherwise, such Assignment or [Loc. y Per.2 4 D Transfer

?9o 43° GEORG 11 IIL Cap. 18.

Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to such Mortgage or Assignment, and the Monies thereby secured and so assigned and transferred, and to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall and may in like Manner assign or transfer again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame or any Monies due thereon.

n« Priority of

LVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Pre-

Moitt»t« ference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing, or who shall have advanced any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in respect to the Priority of advancing, or of having advanced any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Alignments have been or shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money, and on the Terms therein mentioned. Creditors on this Act in equal Degree One with another.

Persons liable

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, of die Roads' Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of any Land, Tenements, tsV. to con- and Hereditaments, and all other Person or Persons liable to the amend-

tmue so. ;ng or maintaining any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridge,

causeway, Drain, Arch, or Sewer therein, shall still remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof, in such Manner as they were before the passing of this Act, (subject nevertheless to the Regulations herein-after expressed concerning the same); and that all and every Person and Persons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work, or are chargeable or liable to or towards the repairing or amending of any Highways in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Roads shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of the said Roads, and to perform their respective Works thereon in such and the like Manner in every Respect as they are liable to the Repair of any other Common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place respectively.

How the Sta- LIX. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute tme Work Work ought to be performed on the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the portioned1!" several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Roads pass; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Two of them, being acting Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, from Time to Time to adjudge and order what Part of the Statute Work shall be done in or upon the said Roads hereby directed to be amended, improved, and kept in Repair, and for what Space of Time, and in what Manner the same shall be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, in or through which the said Roads shall pass.

For regulating the Performance thereof,

LX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways, or the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor in all the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18. 291

said Roads pass, shall yearly and every Year, within Ten Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing, by the Surveyor, Clerk, or Treasurer of the said Roads, in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of Two or more of the said Trustees, being acting Justices of the Peace for the said County, give and deliver to the Person making such Demand, a true and exact Lift or Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Christian and Surname of every Person in their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Roads in such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places, and shall set forth and specify in such Lift what each Person is respectively chargeable with, for and towards the fame, and such respective Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors, shall (within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said Turnpike Surveyor, of the Time or Times when and where, and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid are to perform their respective Statute or Days Works) summon or give Notice thereof in the Mode prescribed by Law, to the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors,

shall neglect or refuse to do as he and they is and are required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorredt or imperfect Lifts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect , and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Roads, shall after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid neglect or refuse to fend their respective Teams,

Draughts, Carts, or Wains, furnished with Labourers, Oxen, or Horses, according to the Custom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform such their respective Days Works upon the said Roads, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain shall be wanting, or shall not be duly employed in that Service; and if any Person or Persons who shall be sent with any Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain, to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent, it shall be deemed as if such Team, Wain, Draught, or Cart had not been sent to work on the said Roads, and the same Sum shall be accordingly forfeited and paid; and if any Statute Work shall not be performed within the Year in which the fame is due, the same shall be performed in the Course of the succeeding Year.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be law- How Trustee* ful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, by Writing under their Hands, to summon all, every, or any Highways to of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of all, every, or any of amount for the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places (the Inhabitants Money.tion whereof are liable to perform Statute Work on the said Roads), to appear before the said Trustees at any of their subsequent Meetings, and then to deliver in to them a full, true, and just Account in Writing of all Sums of Money by them respectively received for, in lieu of, or by way of Composition for Statute Work in their several and respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places (which Account shall be verified upon Oath, if the said Trustees shall require the fame); and in case the Person or Persons so summoned, shall neglect to appear at the Time and Place therein appointed, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such Account as

aforesaid,

292

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 8.

aforesaid, or if required to verify the fame upon Oath, or to pay to the Treasurer of the said Roads, or as the said Trustees shall direct, within Five Days from the Time of producing the said Account, or whereon the fame ought to have been produced, such proportionable Part of all such Composition Money as such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them, shall have received, or without their wilful Neglect or Default might have received, that then in all or any of the said Cases, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every separate Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

Trustees may

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be StaureU\Vorkr ^or the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound

a u. or-. amj agree by the Year or otherwise with the Possessors, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Roads within their respective Districts, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, or such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor respectively as aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places, first had at any Vestry or other publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads.

For recover-

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Money tionMomes* agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or in lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Composition Money respectively, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Justice or justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money, (Oath having been first made before such Trustees or such Justice or Justices that the fame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath the said Trustees or such Justice or Justices are hereby respectively empowered to administer), to levy such Composition Money by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or other Person or Persons having so compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting such Composition Money and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner 01 Owners thereof.

4

M°of SHiV7*

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of ways are tob# the Highways, or the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, who reimbursed, shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom the same shall be

"on Money recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reitnbursed the Composition paid by them. Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways, Means, and In

1 such

293

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

such Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose Repair?. or authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, widening, or repairing the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Polls thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trullees or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and that all Contrafts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor, or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Cods recovered against the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contrafts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be requisite for making or repairing the said Roads, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contrafts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party or Person or Persons so'as aforesaid making Default m fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement, any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Pro- Profenitorj fecution shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this Act, f"je^eficedte<* under the Authority or by the Direction of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to the Prosecutor or such Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced and prosecuted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person or Persons shall be really and bond fide out of Pocket, for or by reason of such Action or Prosecution, or any Judgement or Determination therein, and likewise indemnify all such Persons as shall be prosecuted, or have any Action or Actions brought against them, for or by reason of any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, und r the Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards the making and repairing the said Road and new Branches of Roads hereby authorized to be made,

shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed within such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall order {Lot. ft? Per ] 4 E and

To oblige

Subscribert to pay their Sub-feriptions.

294 43° GEORGII III. Cap."i$.

and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to fuefor and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no F,ffoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

For paying

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies to be re-of'thi* An" ce*ve^ by virtue or to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, the said nc. s ’ Trustees or any Five or more of them shall in the first Place pay and discharge the Expences of procuring and passing this Act; and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Toll Gates or Turnpikes, Weighing Engines, and Toll Houses, and in making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and in defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and in paying the Interest and Principal 6f any Money to be borrowed by virtue hereof, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Traded may

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Action PeniHiet^ *or or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted eni "es‘ against any Person or Persons for any Penalty or Penalties contained in this Act, or for Breach or Non-performance of any Contract or Contracts entered into, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to compound or agree for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, instead of receiving the Whole of such Penalty or Penalties; and such Trustees or any Five or more of them may also mitigate, compound, or lessen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act, but the Sum so compounded or agreed for shall not be less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract; and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby, and the Mitigation of the said other Penalties or Forfeitures shall not extend to remit above One Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures re-spedively.

Distrefsnot

LXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be deemed un- made for any Penalty, or Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue wanl*of<Form. of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which shall hereafter be done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons so aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on die Cafe; Provided always, that no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such

Action,

295

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, may at any Time before Issue joined pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in ptlr-fuance of this Act, for which no particular Method of Relief hath been herein-before appointed, such Person and Persons shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the said County of Derby, within Three Calendar Months next after any Order or Determination of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them; such Appellants fit ft giving or causing to be given Six Days Notice at the leaf! in Writing, of their or his, or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Four Days next after such Notice given entering into Recognizance, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Derby, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, or at fomc Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of the Notice having been given, and of the entering into Recognizance in Manner herein-before mentioned, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of the said Justices at such Sessions or Adjournment, shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Ports to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Roads, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of evety Stone or Port from any Town or Place; and also such and so many Direction Ports as to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall seem meet; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any such Ports or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon, or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the Laid Roads, or shall drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage, or any Wheelbarrow thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to such Footway; or if any Person fhdl hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof respectively, or shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Roads to be made into Manure, or shall ferape off the fame any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, with an Iron Rake or other Instrument with sharp Points, or shall pull or force up

any

General Appeal-

Mile Stones to be set up, ttc.

296 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

any Stones or other Part of the Pavement of the Paid Roads, whereby the said Roads or any of them shall be damaged, or shall lay down any Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Roads or any Part thereof, or shall otherwise obstruct or impede the Passage upon the said Roads, or shall turn out any Horses, Mares, Cows, or other Cattle, or Swine, upon the Roads hereby to be repaired, or any Part thereof, or in the Ditches adjuining the fame, every Person so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein directed with respect to other Penalties and Forfeitures Hereby inflicted.

For compel-

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

ling witnesses shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice of the Peace touching any Matter of Fast contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or the Person or Persons accused; or if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Derby, or any Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Act, either upon the Part of the Appellant or Kefpondenr, and any such Person or Persons respectively shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and to give Evidence before such justice of the Peace, or at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cases, every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

fa be'levied"

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures,

and applied, and Fines hereby infiidted or authorized to be imposed, if the Manner of levying and Recovery thereof is not herein otherwise directed, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace of the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place wherein the Offender shall reside, either by Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward), shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes; and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, shall be, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act from Time to Time paid. Half to the Informer, and Half to any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, and applied in the Repair of the said Roads; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such fenaltiesoi Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized

297

43° GEORGII ill, Cap. x8.

and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place wherein the Offender shall reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainpriza, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding of the said "scT-he Trustees, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them re- s*h«t"uel«f spectively, touching or concerning, or in Execution of any Power or 3-t°be

Authority vested in such Trustees, or Justice or Justices respectively, by this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court of Record in the Kingdom of Great Britain, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be of

commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance ‘ '-‘ions of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof, in Writing be given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action shall be laid in" the County of Derby, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead at his Election, specially or the General Issue, and give this Act or the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall be thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought elsewhere than in the said County of Derby then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be made and entered in a Book or Books to be of Tj ufteesto kept for that Purpose, and signed by a competent Number of Trustees, be entered, and such Orders and Proceedings, so entered and signed by the said Trustees at any Meeting of Five or more of them the said Trustees, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Bopks, and also the said Book to be directed to be kept for registering the Mortgages and Assignments herein-before mentioned, shall and may be read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

[ Loc. & Per.] 4 F

298

Commencement and Du* ration of the Atf.

FuMick Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

LXXVIIf. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and have Continuance from the Thirteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 19.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, and passing through or near 7'hornydikey Westruther, Hardlaw, Bedjhiell or the Kaim, and Choicelee, to where it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw, to Dunfe, all in the County of Berwick.

[25th March 1803.]

WHEREAS the Road commencing at or near to where the Thirty Mile Stone is now placed, upon Hyndjtde Hill, on the Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, parting at or near to Thor-nydike, Westruther, Hardlaw, Bedjhiell or the Knim, and Choicelee, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Dunfe, in the County of Berwick, is in many Places in bad Repair, and often impassable for Carriages: And whereas it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Publick, and to the Trade and Agriculture of the said County, were the said Road rffedually repaired and kept in Repair, and the neccftary Bridges erected and maintained thereon; but the lame cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, \_Loc. & Per.~\ 4 G and

302

Tiufteesi

Trustees may *{t as Justices.

Trustees shall not act while holding Places of Profit.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

and by the Authority of the same, That George Baillie of Jervifwood, Robert Hay of Drummelzier, James Trotter of Cattlejhiel, Patrick Home of Wedderburn, Alexander Bcfwall of Blackaddr, John Wauchope Writer to the Signet, William Roy of Nentlorn, the Chief Magistrate of the Royal Burgh of Lauder for the Time being, Sir John Stuart of Allan-lank, Baronet, Sir James Stirling of Kimmergbame, Baronet, George Home of Paxton, George Buchan of Kelloe, John Spottifwoode of Spottifwoode, John Spottifwoode the younger of Spottifwoode, John Marjoribanks of Eccles, Dalhoufte IVeatherfton of Mandcrjion, William Molle of Mains, James Dickson of Antomhilt, Alexander Robertson of Prendergueft, John Bogue of Halydown, William Dunbar of Houndwood, John Turnbull of Abbey Saint Bat bans, Alexander Chri/lie of Grueldikes, Alexander Low of Whitfom Laws, William Stoddart of Whitfm Hill, David Renton of Grey/lonleys, George Logan of Edrom, John Logan of New Edrom, Andrew Balfour of Blanerne, James Somerville the younger of Eve-law, the Reverend William Shiels during his Incumbency in the Parish of Westruther, William Mir tie of Boon, Robert Romanes Writer in Lauder, the Baron Baillie of Wedderlie for the Time being, the Baron Baillie of Langton for the Time being, and every Person and Persons who already has, have, or hereafter shall, subscribe and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds and upwards towards the making and repairing the Road above mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustee=, for surveying, making, amending, widening, straightening, and keeping in Repair the Road above mentioned, and for executing all the other Powers by this Act given and granted: Provided always, that no Person shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Trustee, unless he be infeft in Property or Superiority, or as Life-renter of Lands, valued in the Cess Books of the County of Berwick at One hundred Pounds Scots per Annum, or be the eldest Son or Heir Apparent of a Person so infeft, or unless he be poffeired of a Personal Ellate of Five hundred Pounds at least; and if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, shall, nevertheless, presume to act as a Trustee, every such Person or Persons shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered as herein-after directed.

II. And be it enacted and declared, That any Trustees who are or may be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Berwi k, may nevertheless aft as Justices of the Peace for the more effectually putting in Execution the several Matters and Powers in this Act mentioned and contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons by this Act appointed or entitled to be a Trustee or Trustees, for putting this Act in Execution, shall accept of any Place of Profit arising out or by reason of any Tolls or Duties by this Act granted, such Person or Persons shall from thenceforth, and while they continue to hold and enjoy such Place or Places, be disabled to act as a Trustee or Trustees; and no Victualler, or Retailer of Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 303

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at Greenlaw Pirstand fus. On the Thirtieth Day of April next, or as soon thereafter as conve- fctiuent Momently may be, and they, or any Three or more of them at such l""s' Meeting assembled, shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and may

then and afterwards, from Time to Time, adjourn to meet at such Times and at such Places as the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think proper, without Prejudice to their meeting sooner, or at any other Time, if there be Occasion, upon Notice from the Clerk of the last Meeting, advertised at lead Once in One of the Keijo or Edinburgh Newspapers Ten Days at lead before the Time fixed for such Meeting; and in case at any Time appointed for a Meeting of the Trustees, Three in Number shall not atfembie, the Trustee or Trustees actually assembled, and in case none of the Trustees shall attend, their Clerk shall have Power to adjourn, though not to do any other Business Trustees shall relative to the Trust; and the said Trustees shall at all their Meetings defray their

, r , , 0 own expence*.

defray their own Expences.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more Trustees to of them, at any of their Meetings, held at the Times fixed or advertised ^pairofth* as aforesaid, shall have Power to issue and give their Orders and Dirtc- Roads, tions for surveying, making, widening, straightening, and repairing the said

Road, and for building and repairing the necessary Bridges on any Part of the fame, and to alter or settle the particular Line or Direction of the said Road, or any Part thereof, and otherwise to proceed and aft in the Execution of the Trusts hereby committed to them.

Vf. And whereas in forming and making the said Road, widening and ^ee’(Jnay straightening the fame, and in building the said Bridges, it may be re- widen*"* quisite to occupy Part of the Grounds of different Proprietors, to obtain Road, and a proper Scite for the said Road and Bridges; be it therefore enacted. Bridges'

That the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall be and they are hereby empowered to form the aforesaid Road, and build the aforesaid Bridges, through and upon such different Grounds as shall appear to them most proper and convenient for the said Read and Bridges, and to occupy such Part of the said Grounds as shall be necessary for the Scite of the said Road and Bridges, not exceeding the Breadth of Forty Feet, Roads+0Feet and for building the Toll-houses, with a Yard and Stable adjoining broad, thereto, not exceeding a Quarter of an Acre for each Toll-house, with To]| House the Yard and Stable included; and where it shall appear necessary, they stable, and’ are hereby empowered to take down any House or Building, whose Side Yard, aQuar-Walls shall not exceed Ten Feet in Height, or be of more Value than Take down " Fifty Pounds Sterling, and to remove any other Obstructions, paying ^ul^.wj{,ofee such Price or Damage to the Owners or Occupiers respectively, whose notabov/ioi' Grounds ot Houses shall be taken, prejudiced, taken down, or damaged Feet high, or by the forming, making, and widening the said Road, and building Lie ^a^'0j"/Value said Bridges, or building Toll-houses, as the said Trustees respectively, or any Three or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in Case of Value of any Difference respecting the fame, between such Owners and Occu- ^)r""^db’es,f-piers and the said Trustees, the Justices of the Peace for the County of settled. Berwick, at their next General Quarter Sessions, or at the Second General Quarter Sessions thereafter, at farthest, or the major Part of them there present, shall and may adjudge, assess, and determine the same to be paid Ly the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Tolls for the Time being, out of

3o+ 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

the Money arising from the Tolls and Duties hereby granted; and such Determination shall be final and binding on ail Parties, who shall be obliged to perform to each other the respective Parts of the fame, and a Copy thereof shall be fairly written on Paper or Parchment, and shall be signed by the presiding Justice at such General Quarter Sessions, and shall be entered in the Records of the said Court; and the fame, or Extracts thereof, shall be deemed and taken as good and lawful Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity whatever j but no Stop in the mean Time shall be put to any of the said Works, on Pretence of settling the said Price or Damage.

Refutations

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when the aforesaid 0" One Meet- Dourse or Line of Direction of the said Roads (full have been determined i*g not to lie by the Trustees at any Meeting held as aforesaid, or when the said subsequent* Trustees have at any such Meeting dettrmined or settled any other Mat-Meeting, but ter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Act, such Determina-Caf*ram l'on not a'tcre<^ thereafter, except by the Orders of a subsequent Meeting, specially convened for the Purpose of reviewing what may have been done or resolved upon by a former Meeting, of which Notice shall be given in One of the Kelso or Edinburgh Newspapers, and by Writings affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates ereCied in pursuance of this Act, Twenty Days at lead before the Date of the Meeting, and unless Three-Fourths of the Trustees assembled at such Meeting, concur in making such Alteration.

Application

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or rioif Money4* awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur. when exceed* chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur-,ng *oo/. poses thereof, which are held under Entail or are subject to Life Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in Case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction, and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approoation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, 1 ruffs. Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or filed as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined

Vand

3°5

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby dirtdled to be purchased, in cale such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so if under 100l. agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments and above w/. purchased, taken, or ufedforthe Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money where under so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be lo1' SterlmE-less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being

have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and far the Ufeand Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more xo erect Toll of them may, ana they are hereby authorized and empowered to build H°"fes and and erect, o? cause to be built and erected, Toll Houses, and Fences Gatesf* round the Garaens of such Toll Houses, near to or upon any Part of the said Road by this Act intended to be made and repaired, and Turnpike Gates in, upon, or across the said Road, and shall and may make or build Fences to prevent any Person or Persons travelling the said Road, from evading the Payment of the Tolls and Duties to be imposed and levied by virtue of this Act; and the Right and Property of the veste<i in Tolls and Duties so levied and paid, and the several Turnpike Gates, Trustees-Toll Houses, and Fences, to be erected and provided, and the Materials thereof shall be, and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees Action'may relpedlivtly; and they, or any Three or more of them, are hereby em- br brought in powered to bring or cause to be brought, from Time to Time, any xreaTurer* or [Loc. & Per.] 4 H Action Clerks.

3°6

Trustees may erect Side Gates,

and take Tolls thereat.

Bye Roads may be suppressed No Toll at Side Mai's, unless Persons travel above aoo Yards.

Tolls.

I

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Action or Actions in their own Names, or in the Name or Names of any of their Treasurers or Clerks, against any Person or Persons who shall destroy or damage the fame, or disturb them in the Possession or Enjoyment thereof.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to ertfl or cause to be erected One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the said Road, and across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the fame, and there to take and receive such Tolls as are by this Act granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at such Side Bar shall entitle the Receiver to pass through the next Turnpike on the said Road Toll-free, on the same Day; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to suppress any Bye Roads that are not of Importance to the Publick: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to pay Toll at such Side Bars or Gates to be erected across or on the Side of the said Turnpike Road, or be subject to any Penalty for any Carriage, Cart, Horse, or Bead, which shall only crols such Road, and shall not pass above Two hundred Yards thereon.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, or any Three or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered to demand, levy, and take the Tolls and Duties following, before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle great or small, Coach, Landau, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Caiafh,-Sociable, Curricle, Chair, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any of the Gates or Turnpikes to be set up and eredfed upon or across the said Road, or upon or across any of the Roads, Ways, or Lanes, leading into or out of the fame; videlicet,

For every Coach, Landau, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calash, Sociable, Curricle, or Litter, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five or Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling-, and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling:

For every Chaise or Chair, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, drawn by Eight Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Seven 1 lories. Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence Sterling; and drawn by Six Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beaits of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horles, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bcaft of Draught, the Sum of Four pence Sterling:

a..-. For

307

43° GEORGII III. Cap. ig.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not dtawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, per Score, the Surn of One Shilling and Three-pence Sterling; and lo in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, per Score, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XIV. And be it enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, or Cart, having the Bottom, Sole, or Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Nine Inches, always rolling a flat or level Surface, shall be allowed to pass or travel on the said Road, drawn by more than Four Horses or Six Oxen, or Six of any other Cattle or Beasts of Draught; and no Waggon, Wain, or Cart whatever, shall be allowed to travel or pass on the said Road, drawn by more than Eight Horles or other Beasts of Draught, under a Penalty nor exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Horse or other Beast of Draught above the respective Numbers herein-before specified; such Penalties to be recovered, levied, and applied, in Manner herein-after directed.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having Occasion to pass through any Turnpike Gate or Gates on the Road above mentioned, intended to be made and repaired by this Act, and return again before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the same Day, shall be liable or obliged to pay the said Tolls or Duties more than Once; and every Person paying Toll shall receive a Ticket for the Day, which shall entitle him to pass the Gate at which he received it.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, That no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken at any of the Turnpikes, erected by virtue of this Act for Carriages loaded with Stone, Brick, Lime, Timber, Wood, or other Materials for making and repairing the said Road, and for building and repairing the Bridgts and TollHouses by this Act; intended to be made, repaired, and built, and for amending any of the Highways within the Parishes in which the Roads directed by this Act to be made and repaired do lie, or for going or returning through any of the said Turnpikes with any Dung, Mould, or Compost to be laid upon Grounds, Arable, Meadow, or Pallure (Lime and Lime Stone excepted); nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded or taken by virtue hereof, for any Carts, Waggons, Wains, or Horses carrying Corn to any Mill, or Flour or Meal from any Mill, or for any Carts, Wains, Waggons, or other Car iages carrying Hay or Corn in the Straw, (without Prejudice nevertheless to the said Commodities paying Toll or Duty when carried fer Sale, or after having been fuld, along the said Road), nor for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor shall any of the Tolls and Duties aforesaid, be demanded from any Person or Persons refilling in the said Parishes, in which the Road hereby directed to he repaired do lie, who shall pass through the said Turnpikes or Cross G tes to or from their Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious "Worship, on Sundays or any other Days on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be performed, nor from any Person who shall p ils the said Turnpikes in attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons w..o

Breadth of Wheels.

Tolls paid only Once a Day, unless returning with a new Leading.

Exemptions from Toll.

3°3

Drag Iron to be of the fame Breadth t the Fellies of the Wheels.

No Toll to be erected till 3 Miles of adjacent Road is made.

Two general yearly Meetings for the Application of the Money.

4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

shall be buried in the Parishes where they shall respectively die; or for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Cattle going to, or returning from Water or Pasture, or to or tiom Smithies belonging to such Parishes or Places, or any of the neighbouring Inhabitants which shall not, in so going or returning, pass upon any of the said Roads for more than the Space of Two Miles; nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Port Matters General, either when employed in conveying Inch Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded for Horses of Soldiers who are upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any I'uch wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for Horles belonging to, or furnished by, or for any Person or Persons belonging to any Corps of Volunteer or Yeomanry Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, such Person or Persons being dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps with their Arms and Accoutrements; nor for Horses, Carts, or Carriages travelling with Vagrants, sent by legal PafTes; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Drag Iron or other Instrument shall be affixed under the Bottom or Sole of the Wheel or Wheels of any Waggon or other Carriage passing along the said Roads to make the Passage of such Waggon or Carriage more lafe down Hill, every such Drag Iron or other Instrument shall be flac at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and shall not be of leis Breadth than the Fellies of the Wheels under which the same shall be affixed, on Pain of the Owner of every such Waggon or other Carriage, forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling nor leis than Five Shillings Sterling.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to erect any Toll Gate or Turnpike, nor to levy any Toll upon the Road hereby directed to be repaired until Three Miles of the said Road adjacent to the Place where such Tolls are to be collected, shall have been previously made, completed, and put in sufficient Repair.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this present Act, the said Trullees, or any Three or more of them, shall hold Two (fated General Meetings yearly, for the Application of the Monies arifmgfrom the several Tolls, Ditties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, at such Time, and at such Place or Places as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at their First or Second Meeting shall fix arid determine; at which Meetings and at no other (except in the Cases after mentioned) all Orders for Killing and borrowing Money, and assigning the Tolls in Security thereof, or for erecting Turnpikes and Side Bars shall be given, with Power 'o the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at each of their said General Meetings, to ad-

3°9

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

journ their next General Meeting for the Purpose of executing this Act, to JVbiteburn, Weslru'.her, Greenlaw, Polwarth, or Dunfe, or to any other Place they shall think proper, which other Pla e shall be within the Distance of One Mile and no farther from some Part of the said Road by this Act directed to be made and repaired; and if there shall happen not to appear at the First or any subsequent Meeting a Sufficient Number of Trustees to ad at such Meeting according to the Powers hereby granted, then and in that Cafe the next subsequent General Meeting for the Purposes above mentioned, shall be held at the last Place where the lad effectice Meeting was held for the fame Purpose; and further, that the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall cause to be inserted in One of the Kelft or Edinburgh Newspapers, an Advertisement of such General Meeting, Fourteecn Days before the Day appointed for holding such respective General Meetings.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at a General Meeting, called by previous Advertisement in One of the Kelso or Edinburgh Newspapers in Manner aforesaid, to consider the State of the Funds arising by this Act, and Expediency of diminishing the Tolls, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, with Consent of Five-sixths of the Pei ion or Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls, to lessen the Several Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, and to order and direct the fame so lessened to be collected, received, and taken in such Manner, Parts, and Portions as they shall think fit; and may raise the fame again from Time to Time, So as not to exceed the Tolls hereby granted j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it Shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, to compound and agree, by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons using or travelling through the Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erected on the said Road with any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, Mule, or other Beast or Bealls, for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be paid quarterly or otherwise, from Time to Time, after such Agreement shall be made.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Agreements and Com-pofnions made by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, with any Person or Body Politick or Corporate whatsoever, shall be entered at Length in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk, Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by the said Trustees; which said Books shall and may be inspected and examined by any Person whatsoever having Interest without Fee or Reward.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Composition Money, agreed ro be paid upon any of the different Accounts aforesaid, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days next after the same shall become payable, according to such Composition or Agreement, that then it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County

rLoc. fc? Per. 1 4 / of

Trustees may lessen the Tolls.

Trustees may compound for Tolls.

Compositions to be entered in a Book.

How to he recovered.

3io 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

of Berwick, by Warrant under their Hands, to empower the Person or Persons authorized by the said Trustees respectively, or any Three or more of them, to receive such Composition Money, (Oath being first made that the fame has been demanded and remains unpaid, which said Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), to levy such Compofuion Monty by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons having so compounded upon any of the Accounts aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after Deduction of the Charges of such Diltrels and Sale.

Tolls may be let.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to let the said Tolls or Duties, in Whole or by Parcels, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, by publick Roup, for the best Price that can be got for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall give fuftkient Security for the Payment thereof, to be approved of by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, provided that such Lease be not made for more than Three Years.

For making Foot i athb.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, to order Foot Paths to be made upon the Side of the said Road or any Part thereof, and to put Posts and Rails in or upon the said Foot-Paths for the Preservation thereof; and where such Foot Paths shall be so made, no Person or Persons shall ride or drive, or cause or permit any Horle or Carriage to travel along the said Foot Paths, or roll any Wheelbarrow thereon; nor shall any Horse, Cow, Mule, Afs, Sheep, or other Animal be suffered to graze on the Sides of the said Road or Foot Paths, or on the Drains and Ditches for defending the fame from Water; and every Person or Persons offending in any of the Particulars aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, nor less than Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied in Manner as directed with regard to the other Fines and Penalties by this Act imposed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for any Matter or Thing to be done or omitted to be

banieofUtheir done in the Execution of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and no Action or Suit, wherein the said Trustees shall be concerned as Pursuers or Defenders, in the Names of their Clerk or Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer; but that the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, for the Time being, shall be deemed to be the Pursuer or Defender (as the Case may be) in every such Action or Suit.

Trustees may file and be sued in tUe

Tr; afurer or Clerk.

Old Road to be sold*

XXVII. And be it enacted, That whenever the Course of the said Road shall be altered, and as soon as the new Road shall be completed and made passable for Carriages, in case the old Road shall thereby become useless and maybe shutup without Inconvenience to the Publick,the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered to dispose of and fell the Land comprizing such old or former Road, the Proprietor' or Proprietors of the Grounds through which the said old Road did pass

having

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 311

having always the First Offer of the fame, at such Valuation as the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Berwick, or the major Part of them, at their next General Quarter Sessions after the opening of such new Road, shall and may adjudge, assess, and finally determine; and in case such Proprietor or Proprietors shall refuse to accept of such old Road, at the Valuation aforesaid, the same shall be fold and disposed of, by publick Roup or Auction, to the highest Bidder; and the Money arising from the Sale of such old Road, shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act; and the Sale and Conveyance or Conveyances to be made by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, of such Lands and Grounds comprizing the said old Road, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVIII. Provided always, That the said Trustees before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands or Buildings, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Lands or Buildings; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or Buildings shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands or Buildings, stating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons t6 whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That where the Lands adjacent to the Notices to be said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, are not inclosed, the Proprietor or ®ee» ofnav* Occupier of such Lands shall not make Inclosures along the Sides of the incloluics. Road without giving at least Two Months previous Notice to the said Trustees; which Notice may be given by a Letter addressed either to the

Clerk of the General Meeting of the said Trustees, or to any Committee having charge of that Part of the Road adjacent to which any Inclosure or Inclosures are intended to be made; and the next General Meeting or Committee are hereby required to insert a Copy of the said Letter in their Minutes; and in case such Proprietor or Proprietors shall fail to give such 'Notice as aforesaid, he shall nor be entitled to any Compensation for the Expence of the Inclosures, in case the said Trustees shall at any future Period injure or take down the fame, for the Purpose of improving or widening the said Road.

XXX. And be it enacted, That no Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, No Drivers to Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of drive their Burden, whether the fame be loaded or unloaded, shall drive or permit Horsefabreaft. the lame to travel or pals upon the said Road or any Part thereof abreast

or alongside of any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carnage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burden, so as wilfully to obstrutt the IreePassage of the said Road or any Part thereof; and every Person and Persons offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not less than Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

312

Drivers of Carriages* etc. on meeting other Carriages, 4.tC. to drive to the left Hand or near Side.

Trustees may

contract for making the Road and building the Badges.

Sum a’lowed to be borrow.] ed.

When One Creditor is paid, Trustees may borrow as much.

Trustees may allien the Tolls.

The borrowing to be advertised.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Driver of every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horle, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burden upon the said Road or any Part thereof, shall be obliged upon meeting another Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule,or other Beast of Burden, to make way by holding or driving to his own Left Hand, or what is commonly called holding to the Near Side, and that without Distindion w'necher the Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Als, Mule, or other Beast of Burden so meeting one another are loaded or unloaded; and every Person offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, and not less than Five Shillings Sterling for every such Offence.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to conrrad and agree with able, fkiltul, and responsible People, for the making and upholding all or any Part or Parts of the said Road and Foot Paths hereby appointed to be repaired, and for building, upholding, and keeping in Repair the Bridges to be builc thereon, and the necessary Fences aforesaid.

XXXIII. And, for the more effectual and speedy making and repairing the said Road and building the necessary Bridges, belt enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees respectively, or any Three or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled for the special Purpose, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds Sterling in the Whole, upon the Security of the Tolls to be levied and collected upon the said Road, and at an Interest not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling per Centum per Annum.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That when the said Sum borrowed as aforesaid shall in Whole or in Part be applied and accounted for to the respective Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, and by their Order paid off to the Person or Persons advancing or lending the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorized to borrow another Sum of Money, equal to or less than that by them lo paid off as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled may, and they are hereby empowered to, assign and make over the whole or any Part of the Tolls or Duties by this Act imposed and vested in them, to any Person or Persons from whom the Money shall be so borrowed, as a Security for the Repayment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them, and the Interest thereof; and such Alignments of the Tolls, for all and every Sum or Sums of Money so borrowed, shall be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, which Book shall be seen and perused at all seasonable Times, by any Person or Persons having Interest, without Fee or Reward.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall lae bqrrowed by the Trustees appointed by this Act, on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, excepting at the General Meetings aforesaid, unless

. 1 > Notice

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 313

Notice for that Purpose shall be given in One of the Kelso or Edinburgh Newspapers, at least Fourteen Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sum or Sums of Application Money borrowed as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of in making, borrowed'lmd repairing, and keeping in Repair the Road herein mentioned and de- levied-scribed, and in building, upholding, and keeping in Repair the Bridges

built or to be built thereon; and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money levied upon the said Road in Name of Toll, by virtue of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the fame, and every Part thereof shall be applied and disposed of either in making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and in building, upholding, and keeping in Repair the said Bridges, or in Repayment of the said Money so borrowed, and the Interest thereof, and to no other Use or Purpose whatever, except to pay the Expence of obtaining this Act, which Expence shall be discharged out of the first and readied of the Monies borrowed or levied.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse Toils, iste-or neglect to pay the Tolls or Duties demanded from them by this Act,

the said Trustees, or any Person authorized by them, or by any Three or itreis and more of them, may collect and levy the said Tolls and Duties by Distress Sal*-and Sale of any Horse or other Cattle, upon which any Toll or Duty is by this Act imposed, and to keep such Horse or other Cattle so distrained, until the said Tolls, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress shall be paid, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of Three Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, to appraise and fell the Horse or other Cattle so dif* trained by publick Roup or Auction, at the Turnpikes or Toll-houses where the Toll ought to have been paid, (returning the Overplus if any be, and demanded), to the Proprietors of such Horse or other Cattle so distrained, after deducting such Tolls and the reasonable Charges for distraining, appraising, and Idling the lame.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more Trustees may of them, shall and may from Time to Time choose and appoint One or appoint more fit Person or Persons, to be Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, ° cier’* Collectof or Collectors, of the Tolls and Duties aforesaid, and such other Officer or Officers, as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them shall think necessary; and also One or more fit Person or Persons, to be Overseer or Overseerg of the said Road and Bridges, and Surveyor or Surveyors, to view the Condition of the said Road and Bridges, and to fee that the fame is repaired; and also that the Money by this Act raised be duly applied, and from Time to Time to remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of ihem, as they shall see Occasion, and to appoint new ones in case of Death or Removal; and such Person or Persons as is who are to or are hereby made liable to pay the said Tolls and Duties, shall pay the account upon fame, after the Rate aforesaid, to such Collector or Collectors, or other 0atl1’ Officers, as shall from Time to Time be appointed for that Purpose, and the Person or Persons so appointed to collect and receive the said Tolls or Duties as aforesaid, shall upon Oath before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, on the First Tuefduy of every [Lee. ft? Per.] 4 K Month

3*4 43° GEORGII III. Cap. ig.

Month or oftener, if required, during the Continuance of this Act, give in to the said Trustees respectively, or their laid Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, with the Vouchers thereof, of all Monies which he, (he, and they, and every, or any of them, shall at such Time have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices; and in case any Money shall remain in his, her, or their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trullees respectively, or to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and shall be laid out, disbursed, and applied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and not otherwise; and in case the said Collector or Collectors of the Tolls and Duties to be paid as aforesaid, shall not give and make such an Account and Payment as aforesaid, that then any Three or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Berwick shall and may make Enquiry of and concerning such Default as aforesaid, in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves, as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized and empowered to administer); and if any Person or Persons shall be thereof convicted by such Justices, they shall, upon Conviction, commit the Party or Parties to the Common Gaol of the said County, therein to remain until he, she, or they shall have made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he, she, or they shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition to the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, or have given sufficient Security for the fame, which Composition the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at a Meeting assembled, are hereby authorized and empowered to make; and the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money arising from the said Tolls and Duties make such Allowance to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officers, by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, so appointed as aforelaicf, for and in Consideration of his or their Care and Pains respectively, in the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, and to such other Person or Persons as have been or shall be drifting in and about procuring the said Road and Bridges to be made, amended, and repaired, as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper.

and give Se-

XL. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more cuiity. of them, shall take from such Person or Persons as shall be from Time to Time respectively nominated and appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, such sufficient Security for his or their Office, as shall be approved of by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them.

Road to he

XLI. And be it enacted and declared, That the said Trustees respectm-afuied, and lively, or any Three or more of them, at any publick Meeting, may cause and fuide* R°*d to be measured, and Stones or Pods to be erected on the said

Pofti to be Road, or near the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance of each Mile, or

erected. such other Distance as they shall deem adviseable, or for directing or

guiding Travellers on the said Road or any Part theteof.

penaitie* on

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Turnpike^, malicicufly break down, pluck up, cr otherways destroy the Turnpike #c. ’ Gates,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 315

Gates, Pods, Rails, Chains, Bars, or other Parts thereof, or the Houses ereiled for such Turnpikes, or shall break, deface, or remove any Mile Sfones or Pods, or Direction or Guide Posts, erected on the said Road or Foot Paths, or shall remove, injure, or destroy any Parapet Walls or Bridges, Coping, or other publick Work whatsoever already erected, or to be erected on the said Road, or shall be aiding or assisting the rein, or shall rescue or attempt to rescue any Person in Cudody for any of the said Offences, every Person so offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his or her own Confession before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Berwick, shall not only be condemned to pay the whole Damages and Expences iuftained by the said Trustees, but also be fined in a Sum not less than Five Pounds Sterling, and not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, and in Default of Payment, to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall alfault any Penaltieifor Collector of the Tolls, or by Force pass through any Turnpike Gate ^t"’rt,ing Co!' without paying the Tolls or Duties hereby granted, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted upon Oath before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Berwick, shall, fot1 every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered by Didrefs and Sale as aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons owning Penalties on renting, or occupying any Lands or other Premises near to any Turn-pike which shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, shall knowingly and vate Passage. wilfully permit ard differ any Person or Persons to pass over the fame, or through any Gate, Passage, or Way, with any Coach, Chariot, Landau,

Berlin, Calash, Sociable, Curricle, Chaise, Chair, Litter, Waggon, Wain,

Cart, Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or any other Sort of Carriage or Cattle, or shall open any new Road or Passage (without the Consent of the Justices of the said County of Berwick, obtained upon an Appli-cition being made to the said Justices convened at their General Quarter Sessions, which Application the said Justices are hereby empowered, authorized, and required to order to lie upon their Table to their next General Quarter Sessions, and then and not sooner, they are to determine the Propriety of opening the said Road), whereby the Payment of the Tolls and Duties by this Act granted is or shall be avoided; every such Person or Persons so offending, and the Person and Persons riding in, driving, or owning such Chariot, Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chaise,

Calafti, Sociable, Curricle, Chaise, Chair, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, or riding, leading, or driving such Horte, Mule, Afs, or Cattle, ai d being thereof convicted upon the Tcdimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Berwick, shall, for every such Offence, reljnttively forfeit and pay to the said Trudces, or to their Treasurer for the Time being, any Sum net exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, which Sum, in case the fame be not forthwith paid, dull be levied by Didrefs 3nd Sale as aforesaid.

316

Penalty for evading the Tolls.

Penalty on disposing of Tickets.

Penalty on Toll Gatherers telling or ilif-poling of Tickets, and on the Re reivers there-of.

Surveyor, m dig Gravel,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, unload or cause to be unloaded any Sort of Goods or Merchandizes, or take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or Horses from any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Chaise, Calash, Sociable, Curricle, Chair, Hearse, or Litter, or any Horse of Horses, Ox or Oxen, from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Other Carriages, at' or before the same shall come to any of the Gates Or Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to avoid paying all or aily Part of the Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, or shall conceal or secrete any Goods or other Things chargeable with the Tolls and Duties aforesaid, or shall put or leave in any House or Place any Coach, Chador, Berlin, Landad, Chaise, Calalh, Sociable, Curricle, Chair, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Or other Carriage, Horse, Gelding, Mare, or any other Cattle chargeable with or liable to pay the said Tolls and Duties, with such Intent as aforfisaid, each and every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath before any Two or more Justices for the said County of Berwick, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor left than Ten Shillings Sterling, and shall pay che fame to the Trustees appointed of to be appointed to put this Act In Execution, or any Three or more of them, or to their Treasurffr for the Time being; which Sum, in case the fame be not forthwith paid when demanded, shall be levied by Distress arid Sale as aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having paid the Tolls and Duties by this Act granted, and having received a Note Or Ticket signtfying the Payment of such Tolls and Duties, shall give or dispose of such Note or Ticket, or each ol* any of them, to any other Person Or Persons in order to avoid the Payment of such Tolls and Duties, every stich Person giving or disposing of such Note or Ticket, and the Person receiving the lame, being convicted by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath before any Two or more JusticfcS of the Peace for the said County of Berwick, shall respectively forfeit aftcfpay any Suhl not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor left than Teh Shillings Stetling, to be levied, recovered, and disposed of as ahy bther Penalty or Forfeiture is hereby directed to be levied, recovered, and difpdfed of.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of the Tolls shall fell Or dispose of any Notes Or Tickets to any Person or Persons who have ndt actually pafltd through any Turnpike Or Gate, such Collector, and the Person or Persons so receiving such Notes or Tickets, upon being Convicted thereof upon the TestitUOny of One ot more credible Witness Or Witnesses upon Oath, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Berwick, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, to be levied, recovered, and disposed of as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is hereby directed to be levied, recovered, and disposed of.

XLVIII. And be it Further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall

appoint

3!7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

appoint by Order of any Three or more of the Trustees, to quarry, dig, gather, take, and carry away Stones, Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, or other Materials for making and repairing the said Road, Gates, Houses, and Bridges, and that out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being the Ground on which any House or Building (lands, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue fa any Houses, Or any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground, which before the Commencement of this Act has been planted, set apart, or uled as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees), where such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to carry away the fame, or so much thereof, as the said Surveyor or Surveyors in their respective Places shall judge necdfary tar the Purposes aforesaid, on paying such Sum or Sums of Money for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, or carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damages as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Berwick, at their next General Quarter Sessions thereafter at the farthest to be holden in and for the said County of Berwick, or the major Part of them then present, shall and may adjudge, aflfefs, and finally determine the fame, and order the same to be paid by the said Treasurer or Treasurtrs for the Time being, out of the Money arising from the said Tolls; but such Difference or Dispute shall not in the mean Time hinder the digging or carrying off the said Materials, and apply, ing them towards repairing the said Roads.

XLIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall rot be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or for building or repairing the said Bridges and Toll Houses from any inclosed Lands or Grounds until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Berwick, to shewCause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees respectively or any Three or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think fit, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or any Three or more of them, or such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby empowered to make or cause to be made causeways, and to cue and make Drains through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads, and to make and ered [Loc. & Per.] 4 L Arches

miking S.iris-faction to the Owners j

an I in case of Difference,

Justice* to determine.

Notice to be given to Occupiers of Lands before Materials taken.

Trn(lte9 may make Arches and Drains, widen and alter the Rond, take Stones for

S1

Mattmls, paying Da. mages.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. tg.

Arches or Budges of Bricks, Timber, or Stone, upon the ftJtd Roads, and pull down any old Arches or Bridges that are useless by the Roads, being turned about or otherwise, and apply the Materials to the building ot new Ones, or, as they shall see proper, for repairing the said Road, and to remove every other ObRruftion, paying such Damages to the Owners and Occupiers respectively, whole Houses or Grounds shall be pulled down,demolished, prejudiced,dr damaged by making of such Drains, Arches, or Bridges as the said Trufftes respectively Hi,ill judge reasonable i and in Cale of any Difference concerning the same, between such Ownets and Occupiers, and the said Trustees, the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Berwick, at their next General Quarter Sessions thereafter at furthtff, or the major Part of them preftnc, shall and may adjudge, assess, and finally determine the lame to be paid by the 'lrealurcror Treasurers of the Tolls for the Time being, out of the Money arising fiorn the said Tolls, but no Stop shall be put in the mean Time to any of the said Works on Pretence of settling the said Damages.

No Damage.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in altering or widening the to House.-., etc. Roa(j aforesaid, beyond the legal Standard, nothing shall be done that may any wife prejudice any House or Building (except as aforesaid); and that where it shall be found necessary to make Passages for the Water from the Ditches or Trenches through any adjacent Grounds, the Possessors of such Grounds, after such Passages or Outlets are so made, shall be obliged from thenceforth to keep clean such Outlets and Passages, from the said Trenches and Ditches from Time to Time as they shall be required by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, so as the said Outlets may not be flopped, or the Waters made to re-flagnate in the said Trenches or Ditches, but may have free Passage through the adjacent Grounds; and in Cafe>of the Possessors neglecting or refusing to clear or deanfe such Outlets when duly required by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, or such Person as they shall respectively appoint, then the said Suivtyor or Surveyors shall and may clear or cleaufc such Outlets and Passages, and levy the Expence thereof on the Possessors of such Grounds so required or refusing to cleanle the fame, in Manner herein-afeer directed.

PoflelTorj of adjacent Grounds shall keep Ditches iboured-

Fer prevent-A'inoyance* on the Koadi<

Lit. And, for preventing Annoyances, be it enacted, That no Person shall leave for any longer Time than shall be necessary, till the fame can be removed, any dead Cattle, or shall lay, or cause to be laid, any Timber or Stones, or any Dung, Allies, Lime, Soil, or Compolt, Rubbish, or other Matters upon the said Road, or within Five Yards of the Sides thereof, unless the fame be sufficiently fenced offfomthe Road, neither shall any Person or Persons turn their Plough on the said Road, or leave any Cart, Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage loaded or unloaded Handing upon the said Road or Bridges, or do any Thing whatsoever whereby the said Road or Biidges may be unnecessarily incumbered or damaged, or the Passage thereof obstructed; and every Person or Persons io offending, shall pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed, the One Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be paid to the Trusteesor their Treasurer, for the Time being, to be applied for the Use of the said Road.

43° GEORGII lit. Cap. fg. 315

LitT. And be it further enacted, That it dull not be lawful for the Con* Stones, bro-tradiors for making or repairing the said Road, or any other Person broken*1" whatsoever, to lay any Stones, broken or unbroken. Gravel, or any other tobd'ai/on Obstruction whatsoever, upon the said Road, but the Trustees or their the Road Side. Contractors or Overseers, are hereby required and empowered to provide proper Repositories for the high Road Materials, Damages, if re-quiicJ, being always paid for the Grounds occupied by fitch Repositories, to be^lcertamed in the fame Mancer as other Damages which may be incurred in the Execution of this Act , and if the said Contractors, or any Person or Persons shall nevertheless, lay and leave any such Stones, or other Things upon the said Road, the Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty far haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said b^stones Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone or any other Thing tie. except whatsoever, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Tree or Piece of Timber, or Stone, or any other Thing whatsoever, which shall be conveyed upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Road, every Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Trees and the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, by Order of the said Trustees, prcud,®" ty b* or any Three or more of them, to require, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, the Owner or Owners of the Grounds through which the said Road passes, at a proper Season of the Year to lop or prune any such Trees, Bullies, or Hedges, which overhang the said Road, or any Part thereof, and to Icour and keep up any Ditches or Dykes that injure or encumber the said Road; and if the Owner or Owners shall refuse or neglect to comply with the said Requisition within Ten. Days after the Delivery of the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Trees, Bullies, or Hedges, to be lopped or pruned, and the Ditches to be scoured, and the Dykes to be rebuilt by Persons appointed by them; and the Sheriff and Justices of the Peace for the said County of Berwick, are hereby authorized and required to enforce the Execution of the said Order; and the Expence attending the fame, shall be levied on the said Owner or Owners so refusing as aforesaid, in the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by How Penalties this Act inflicted, or authorized to be impofeB in relation to the said are to ^e(re‘ Road and Bridges, Turnpike or Tolls, or in any Matter or Thing of and concerning the lame, the Manner of recovering and levying whereof is not oihcrwile particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the said Offence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Berwick, either by the Confrffion of the Party or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, (which Warrant such Justice and Justices is and

are

320

Limitation of Actions.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter S;f-lions.

Accounts to be kept.

Misapplication of Money to be certified by Justices.

43° G EO RGII III. Cap. 19.

are hereby authorized and required to grant for these Purposes, and to administer Oaths gratis), such Sale being always made by publick Roup or Auction to the higheil Offerer, at such Place as shall be directed in the said Warrant, within Four Days after such Distress shall have been made, and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale (after such Penalties are recovered, and the Charges of levying and recovering the same are deducted), shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattelsand all Penalties and Forfeitures, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Trullees respectively, or any Three or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case suffic.ient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Berwick, and he and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction, or Common Gaol of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, therein to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and facisBed.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Actions for all and every the Penalties by this Act imposed, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Act, from which the Penalty arises, was done or committed, and not afterwards.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or other Proceeding of the said Trustees, or by the Order of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, not assembled in Quarter Sessions, it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, who are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute, and whose Order therein shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to the Review of any superior or other Court.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall keep an exact Account of the Money received by virtue of this Act, and of the Expenditure thereof, in a Book or Books to remain in the Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, which Books all Heritors of the said County of Berwick at One hundred Pounds Scots Valuation, shall be at Liberty to inspect, at any reasonable Time, without Fee or Reward-, and it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Berwick, at any of their General Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the said County, to appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to survey or view the Road or Bridges by this Aftdirested to be made, built, and kept in Repair, and to enquire of and concerning the Application of the Tolls and Duties taken and received in pursuance of this Act and in cale such Person or Persons so appointed shall find any Misapplication of the Money ccllefted, levied, or raised by virtue of this Act, or any other Abuses of the Powers hereby given, such Person or Persons shall thereupon certify the same to the said Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions, who are

321

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

are hereby authorized and required to hear, examine, and determine the fame; and all such Sum or Sums of Money, or other Satisfaction, as the said Justices at any Quarter Session to be holden in and for the said County as aforesaid, or the major Part of them then present, shall think fit to order and direct to be paid or given, shall, by the Person or Persons making such Misapplications or committing such Abuses, be paid or given to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Hoad for the Time being, for the Purposes of this Act, within Ten Days after such Determination and Demand thereof made; and in Default thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, at their General Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them then present, from Time to Time after such Determination made, by Warrant, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, returning the Overplus (if any be) after the Deduction of the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons so neglecting to make such Payment or Satisfaction j and for want of sufficient Distress to be found for that Purpose, to commie the Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain till Payment or Satisfaction be made as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who has or have or hereafter shall subscribe towards making and repairing the Road, and building, upholding, and keeping in Repair the Bridges by this Act intended to be made, built, upheld, and kept in Repair, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Subscription Money at such Times and Places and by such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees respectively, or any Three or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in any Court competent either in England or Scotland respectively.

LXI. Provided nevertheless, That the Money so subscribed and paid shall be repaid out of the Monies allowed to be borrowed by this Act, or out of the Money arising from the Tolls and Duties by this Act imposed j and until Repayment, the Monies advanced by the Subscribers shall be a Lien and preferable Charge upon the Tolls and Duties arising upon the said Roads.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any One of the Persons named and appointed by this Act Trustees for making and repairing the aforesaid Road, and building, upholding, and keeping in Repair the aforesaid Bridges, or upon their or any of them resigning the Office, it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, Fourteen Days previous Notice of the said Meeting and of the Intent and Business thereof having been first given to the said Trustees in the aforesaid Manner, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to choose, nominate, and appoint in the room of the Trustee or Trustees so deceased or resigning, some other fit and able Person or Persons to be joined with the other or surviving Trustees in the Execution of all and every the Powers and Trusts in them by this Act veiled and reposed; and all and every the Person or Persons so chosen, nominated, and appointed a Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to act to all Intents and Purposes [Loc. & Per.] 4 M in

Justices to enforce Payment of Subscription Money.

Money fub-Icribed and paid, a Lien on the Tolls.

Trustees may choose new Trustees >n Place of those that die or reiigu

322

Trustee only to be liable so far as hound in his individual Capacity.

Publick A&.

Commencement and Continuance of the /let.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

in as full and ample a Manner for putting this present Act in Execution as the other Trustees nominated and appointed by this Act.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Trustee acting under the Authority of this Act with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money borrowed or contracted to be paid under the Authority of this Act further than such Trustee shall or may specially by Writing undertake to pay in his individual Capacity.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others whomsoever, without specially pleading the same,

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls, Duties, and Powers hereby granted anti given in Manner aforesaid, shall take place from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall have Continuance from thence for and during the Space of Twency.one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 20.

An Act to provide a new Burial Ground, and erect a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS the Population of the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, has lately much increased, and is Hill increasing, and the Church Yard thereof has been forfome Years pall, too small for the decent Interment of the Dead, although considerable Sums of Money have been expended, in bringing in Earth for the Purpose of raising the fame; and the said Church Yard is become extremely dffenfive and dangerous to the Health of the Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood thereof, from the great Number of Bodies buried therein; and it is necessary that an additional Burial Ground should be provided in some adjacent Parish, there not being any proper Place within the said Parish that can be appropriated to that Purpose: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Restor and Churchwardens of the said Pa- Trustees ap-rish of Saint Giles in the Fields for the Time being, and their Sue- Pomted-celfors, together with the Right Honourable Charles Price, now Lord I'.Lee. id Per.] 4 N Mayor

326

Vestry to appoint new Trulfctes.

Corpora ion* etc. empovve. ed to treat for Burial Ground.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20*

Mayor of the City of London. Join Soane, Thomas Greene, Harvey Christian Combe, John Legh, John Sargeaunt, John Page, Samuel Cleaver, Joseph Seger, Peter Ludgate, Samuel Remnant, Thomas IVaddell, John Abraham Gold-join^ gf/exon ier Stewart, Richard Barker, John B itleston, William Lewis, TJZsonas Park, and William Bailey, and their Successors, to be eletied ♦n Manner herein-after mentioned shall be, and they ate hereby appointed Trustees for the several Purposes herein-after mentioned, dating such Time only as they shall continue to act, and be resident Householders within the said Parish; and that when any of the said Trustees, (except the said Rector and Churchwardens for the Time being), shall die, refuse to act, or cease to be a resident House-holder within the said Parish, the Veltry Men of the said Parish, shall, at their next Meeting after such Death, Refusal to act, or ceasing to be a re* fident Householder, appoint another Person, being One of the said Veltry Men, to be a Trustee in the Stead of him so dying, refuting to act, or ceasing to be a resident Householder as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cejitiique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the absolute Sale of any Piece or Parcel of Ground, or Pieces or Parcels of Ground, in any Parish in the County of Middlesex, adjacent to the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, not exceeding Five Actes in the Whole, with any Buildings erected thereon and other Hereditaments belonging or appertaining thereto, and to convey the same to the said 'Irustees for the Purposes mentioned in this Act; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pur* suance of this Act.

JDir,fti"f n of And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or

MOTcy pi")0' awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purler Compen. chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur-Lands fev. poses thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, whm amount. Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, celdlngioo/. as *n Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chan* eery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the 'I rustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be figuified by an Order

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 327

Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fuinmary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affetling other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted undtr the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IV.Provided always.and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed Where left or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchas- ^"exceeding ed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corpora- %o'. tion, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid,

shall be lei's than the Sum of Twohundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Pro-fits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner here-in-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to any Person or Persons, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees; such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and ihe Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, (o far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

328

Where left than toU

Fiift Meeting of Trustees.

May adjourn.

Proceedings of Three Trustees to he binding.

To sue and be I’ned in the

Name of the Veilry Cleric.

Vestry Clerk to be reimbursed his Expences.

Trusteebtoap. point a Clerk and Treasurer, &c, j

and take Security from the lreafu er and Collectors.

ror enclofirg the Burial Ground and

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Laid Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet in the Vestry Room of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, within One Month next after the passing of this Act; and shall and may, then and from lime to Time, adjourn their Meetings, as they shall think proper, and that they may also meet at any Time (withouc Adjournment) upon Notice being given by their Clerk, by the Direction of the Rector ot Churchwarden, or any Three of the said Trustees, Three Days at the least before every such Meeting; and that all Acts and Proceedings of any Three or more of such Trustees, being a Majority of them assembled, at any of their Meetings, shall be as valid and binding, as if all the Trustees had been present, and had concurred therein.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the Time being, shall sue and be sued in the Name of the Vestry Clerk of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields for the Time being, and that no Action or Suit, so brought or commenced, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death of the said Vestry Clerk, or by any Act of the said Vestry Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees; but that such Vestry Clerk for the Time being, shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant, in every such Action or Suit, as the Case shall happen.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Vestry Clerk shall be reimburl'ed and indemnified out of the Monies arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event of any such Action or Suit, he shall be put unto, or become charged or chargeable with, on Account of any such Action or Suit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time to appoint a Clerk and Treasurer, and such other Officers and Persons, with such Salary or Gratuities, as they shall think necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and shall take Security from their Treasurer, and from the Collectors of the Rates and Assessments, to be made by virtue of this Act, to the Satisfaction of the said Vestry Men, for the due Execution of the respective Offices of Treasurer and Collector; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time, to discharge any such Clerk, Treasurer, and other Officers and Persons as aforesaid, when and as they shall think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, when and so soon as any such Purchase shall be made and completed by virtue of

this

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

this Act, causa the Ground so to be purchased as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as they shall judge necessary, to be enclosed and fenced in, with a good and substantial Brick Wall, or other Fence, not less than Eight Feet high above the Surface, and to do all other Things, necessary and proper, for making such Ground fit and convenient for the Burial of the Dead; and shall cause a Chapel, together with such Buildings as shall be necessary for the Residence of such Person or Persons as the said Trullees may think proper to appoint, for the Care and Protection of the said intended Burial Ground, to be erected upon some Part thereof, with Vaults under the fame for the Burial of the Dead, in such Manner and Form, and with such Pews, Seats, and Conveniences in the said Chapel, as they shall think proper; and the said Trustees shall, and are hereby required at all Times, to keep the said intended Chapel, Buildings, and Vaults so to be erected, in good and proper Repair and Condition.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Ground, or a sufficient Part thereof, when inclosed, shall be consecrated for a Burial Ground, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and shall for ever thereafter be used as and for an additional Burial Ground for the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields; and that when the said Chapel shall be finished and completed, it shall be consecrated as aforesaid, and shall be used for the Purpose only of performing Funeral Service; and the said Trustees shall find and provide a Sexton for the said Chapel and Burial Ground, who shall occupy the said Building so to be erected as aforesaid, and shall have and receive for his Salary or Compensation, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said irustees shall think fit and appoint: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, when and as often as they shall think proper, todischarge and remove any such Sexton from his said Office, and from and out of such Dwelling or Building, and from Time to Time to appoint another Person or Persons to be Sexton in his Stead; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, so to be vested in the said Trustees, and their Successors, together with all Buildings erected, or hereafter to be erected thereon, or on any Part thereof, shall from and after the same shall be vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, be deemed and taken to be within and Part of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, and shall for ever thereafter, be freed, exempted, and discharged of and from the Payment of all and all Manner of parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, to any other Parish or Place whatsoever; and also of and from the Payment of all Tythes, Funeral Rates, and other Dues and Duties whatsoever, to the Rector or Vicar of any such Parish or Place, other than and except as herein-after mentioned; any Law', Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. '

XIII. And, in order to make Compensation to the Rector or Vicar, and Parishioners of the Parish wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises may be situate, for any I.ofs they may respectively sustain on Account of the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises being exempted from the Payment of Taxes, Tythes, and other Pay menrs, to them as afore-

\_Loc. isf Per.l 4 0 ' said j

329

building Co a pel with Vaults,

and to keep the lame in Repair.

The Ground to be conlc-crated.

Chapel so be consecrated, and to be used fi r Funeral Service only. TruHees to appoint a Sexton,

and remove him at Pleasure.

The Ground and Premises deemed to be in the Parish of St. Gila in the Fields, and exempted from Payment of Taxes, ftfe. to any other Pai i/h.

Competi-

tions.

330 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

said; be it further enacted, That the Senior Churchwarden of the said Pari Hi of Saint Giles in the Fields for the Time being, shall and he is hereby required to pay or cause to be paid to the Rector or Vicar of the Parish, wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises may be locally situate, for the Time being, for his own Ule, a clear Rent Charge or annual Sum, equal in Amount, as near as can be ascertained, to the Aggregate Amount of all Tythes, Offerings, Oblations, Obvemions, Dues, and Duties, which the said Rector or Vicar did receive or was entitled unto for the Year ending at Easter next before the passing of this Act, for or in respect of the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, or from the Occupier or Occupiers thereof; and to the Senior Churchwarden of the said Parish for the Time being, for the Use of the Parishioners of the said Parish, a clear Rent Charge or annual Sum equal to the Aggregate Amount of all parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments, charged upon and paid in respect of the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises. for the Year ending at Easter next before the pafhng of this Act; which said respective Rent Charges or annual Sums, shall be paid by even and equal Half-yearly Payments, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year for ever; the First Payment of the said respective Rent Charges or annual Sums, to be made upon such of the said Days, asshall happen next after the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall vest in the said Trustees, by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Inhabitants of the Parish, wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises

Fees to be paid to the

vicar.church- may be situate, shall be buried in the said intended Burial Ground, there dun, clerk, shall be paid for every such Burial, (over and above the Fees which, for the and Sexton, pime being, shall be payable for other Buiials), for the Use of the Rector or Vicar, Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton of the Parish wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises shall be situate, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be equal in Amount to the Fees, which would have been due and payable to the said Rector or Vicar, Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton, in case such Burial had taken place in the usual Place of Interment of the said Parish wherein such Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises shall be situate; which said respective Sums shall from Time to Time be accounted for, and paid by the Senior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, to the then Rector or Vicar, Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton of the said Parish wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises may be situate, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year; the First Account and Payment to be made upon such of the said Days as shall happen next after the First Burial of any of the Inhabitants of the said Parish wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises may be situate, shall take place in the said intended Burial Ground; and the Rector or Vicar, Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton of such Parish, shall or may at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward, be at Liberty to inspect the Register Book of Burials, within the said intended Burial Ground, and to make Copies or Extracts of such Parts thereof, as shall relate to the Interment of any of the Inhabitants of the Parish wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises shall be situate; and in case any Senior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, shall at any Time neglect,

refuse,

331

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

refdfe, or omit to account for, and pay such Money to the Rector or Vicar, Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton of the Parish wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, may be situate, or any or either of them, at the respective Times aforesaid, or within Twenty-one Days afterwards, such Money shall and may be recovered from the Senior Churchwar- re* den of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, for the Time being, in such surplice Fees, Manner and by such Ways and Means as any Surplice Fees due and or by Action payable at the Parish Church of the Parish wherein the said Ground, J‘ Lebt' Hereditaments, and Premises may be situate, can or may be recovered, or by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and the Money which shall be so paid by or recovered from any such Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, shall be allowed him in his Account with the said Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Doubt, Dispute, or Contro-verly, (h ill atife or take Place, in ascertaining the Amount of the several rruiteesto Rent Charges, or annual Sums and Fee', (or any or either of them)* issue a Precept which the Senior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Ifng""jury! Fields, for the Time being* is by this Act required to pay to the Rector or Vicar, Senior Churchwarden, Clerk, and Sexton, for the Time being, of the Parish in which the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, may be locally situate, tnen and in every such Case, it shall be lawful lor the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex, who is hereby authorized, directed, and required accordingly, to impannel, summon, and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to lerve on Juries, not less than Twenty-four, nor more than Forty-eight j and out of such Persons lo to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Trustees appointed in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Hides joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are, by an Act made in the Third Year of ttie Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at some Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the same County, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day, until discharged by the said Court; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses on his, her, or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Panics to attend, until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded , and the said Jury upon their Oaths, (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of-such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to

give

332

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), shall esquire of the LG's which the Rector or Vicar and Parishioners of the Parish wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises may be locally situate, or any or either of them, might have sustained by reason of the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, being exempted from the Payment of Taxes, Tythes, and other Payments to them as aforesaid, and also of the Amount of the Burial Fees herein-before directed to be paid to the Rector or Vicar, Churchwarden, Clerk, and Sexton of the Parish, wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises may be locally firuate, for or in respect of the Burial of each and every of the Parishioners of such Parish who shall be interred in such intended Burial Ground; and shall ascertain, assess, award, and settle the Amount of the said several Rent Charges or annual Sums and Burial Fees, or such of them as shall be in Doubt, Dispute, or Controversy, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, so as the said Rent Charges so to be ascertained, aficfled, awarded, and lettled, shall be a fair and just Compensation for the Loss so to besustained as aforesaid; and so as the said Burial Fees shall be as nearly equal as may be in Amount to the Fees which would have been due and payable to the said Rector or Vicar, Churchwarden, Clerk, and Sexton, in case such Burials had taken Place in the usual Place of Interment of the said Parish wherein such Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises shall be situate; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgement for the Amount of such Rent Charges or annual Sums and Burial Fees, or such of them as shall be in Doubt, Dispute, or Controve.fy; which Verdictor Verdicts, and the Judgement and Judgements, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested or claiming so to be, at least Fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the said Justices aforesaid, and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling Ploufe of such Person or Persons, or at his, her, or their last usual Place or Places of Abode), shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against the Rector or Vicar, Churchwardens, Parishioners, Clerk, and Sexton for the Time being, of the Parish wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall be locally situate, and against all other Person and Persons whomsoever; and the said Rent Charges or annual Sums and Fees, and each of them, so to be ascertained, assessed, awarded, and settled, shall be paid and accounted for by the Senior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields for the Time being, to the Person and Persons entitled, and to be entitled, to receive the same on the Days and Times, from Year to Year, and in the Manner and Proportions herein-before mentioned for Payment thereof for ever; and the said Verdicts, Judgements, and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being of the County of Middlesex and in case it shall so happen that the Amount of such Rent Charges or annual Sums or Fees so to be ascertained, assessed, awarded, and settled in consequence of such Doubt, Dispute, or Controversy, flrall not exceed or be equal to the Rent Charges or annual Sums or Fees, which the said Trustees or Senior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields for the Time being, shall have previously offered to pay in pur-luance of the Directions herein-before contained, then and in every such Case, all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of causing and

prccuiing

333

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20,

procuring furh Rent Charges or annual Sums and Fees so to be ascertained, afieffed, awarded, and feitled as aforesaid, and of so ascertaining, assessing, awarding, and settling the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons who shall decline or refuse to accept such previous Offer or Offers as before mentioned; and the said Trustees or Senior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields for the Time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, out of the Rent Charges or annual Sums and Burial Fees so to be ascertained, assessed, awarded, and settled as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall have Power, justices ftr. from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds on such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents on Non-ar-respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who tenUance‘ shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his, her, or their Verdict, and also, on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or attending shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner wilfully neg-left his, her, or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and from Time to Time, to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, (if any), to the Owner or Owners; and that a Copy of the Order of the said justices, signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being of the said County of Middlesex, as the Case shall require, shall, respectively, be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting or aiding and assisting the rein, to make such Distress and Sale j and all such Fines shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And belt further enacted, That the Rector, Churchwardens, and The Rector, Clerk of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields for the Time being, and also the Sexton to be appointed to officiate at the said intended Burial thVfe.ne Fees Ground, shall respectively from Time to Time have, receive, take, and en- ((K,r i joy the like Funeral Rates, Fees, Dues, and Profits, from or in respect of or such or her’ the Burials and Grave Stones within the said intended Burial Ground and Fees Vaults, as are now due and payable to the said Rector, Churchwardens, veitr*'!*1 by Clerk, and Sexton of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fieldsy for or in respect of the Burials and Grave Stones within the Church Yard of the said Parish, or such other Rates, Fees, and Dues with respect to the Burials, and the erecting of Monuments, Tomb Stones, and Grave Stones within the said intended Burial Ground and Vaults, as may hereafter from Time to Time be ordered, settled, and established by the Rector, Churchwardens, and the Rest of the Vestry Men of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields for the Time being, in Vestry assembled.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the aggregate Fee* of new Amount of the said Rates, Fees, and Dues to be taken and received in

[Lot. id Per.2 4 P respect in the utiial

334

Place of Interment of the Parish where the Ground jr.ay be iitu-ite.

C hu'ch wardens of St. Giles to pay all Pees received by them, after deducting Outgoings, into the Hands of the Treasurer.

Trustees to borrow a Sum not exceeding j 0,000 A

and charge the fame on Fees an :l Af-1 eflinents \

and assign Inch Fees and AtTeflments by Way of Security.

Form of Assign men t.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

respect of the Burial of Persons (not residing within the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields ), in the said intended Burial Ground, shall in no Cafe be less than the aggregate Amount of the Rates, Fees, and Dues which shall from Time to Time be payable in respect of Burials in the usual Place of Interment of the Parish wherein the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises may be situate.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields for the Time being shall, and they are hereby required to pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, all such Fees and other Sums of Money which they the said Churchwardens shall from Time to Time receive on Account of the Burials in the said intended Burial Ground, after deducting the reout such Sum and Sums of Money as they may from Time to Time disburse and pay iiy respect of the several Rent Charges or annual Sums herein-before made payable; which Money shall from Time to Time be applied by the said Trustees in paying a Salary or Salaries to a Sexton to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, and in providing Books, Surplices, and all other Necessaries, and in or towards defraying all other Expences of carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, at as low a Rate of Interest as the fame can be conveniently procured, so as the fame do not exceed the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, which Money so to be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, is and are hereby charged upon the Fees which shall be received by the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, on Account of the Burials in the said intended Burial Ground as aforesaid; but subject nevertheless to the several Rent Charges or annual Sums of Money herein-before made payable out of the fame, and also upon the Rates and Assessments to be made from Time to Time upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields by virtue of this Act; and for securing the Repayment of the Money so to be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, assign over the said Fees and other Sums of Money which shall be received on Account of Burials as aforesaid (subject as aforesaid); and also the said Rates and Assessments to be from Time to Time made by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, which Assignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

"y,/'E, of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of

‘ King George the Third, intituled \_fetforth the Title of the A6f\, in Consideration of the Sum of advanced and

« lent by of , to us, upon

‘ the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby assign unto ‘ the said Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

‘ the Fees and other Sums of Money arising and payable to the Church-

‘ wardens

335

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

wardens of the said Parish, on Account of Burials in the said Burial ‘ Ground (subject nevertheless to such Payments and Outgoings as are spe-‘ cified in the said Act); and also all Rates and Assessments to be from ‘ Time to Time made on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, by virtue of ‘ the said Act, for the Purposes thereof, to hold unto the said

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said

‘ Sum of together with Inteiefi for the fame, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, to

be paid Half-yearly, shall be fully paid and satisfied. In Witness whereof

we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the ‘ Day of

And all Persons to whom such Assignments shall be made, or who shall be creditors to entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be in Proportion to the Sums be entitled therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the said Fees and other re‘

Sums of Money, subject as aforesaid, and on the said Rates and Assessments so to be assigned as aforesaid, equally One with another, without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Money, or the Dates of such Assignments.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees may TruRees shall think it adviseable to raise all or any Part of the said Money raifcjny^art necessary for the Purposes of this Act, by the granting of Annuities for sum by Way Lives, then it shall and may be lawful for the said TruRees, or any Five or of Annuity, more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by powtr to Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant Annuities to any Person g^nt Anr.ui-or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the tlt!" said TruRees, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity to be paid and payable during the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, so that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds for One hundred Pounds by the Year; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Form or to the Effect following, that is to say;

"il)E, of the TruRees appointed by or in pursuance of an Act of Form of

v Parliament, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King Grant. George the Third, intituled [fetforth the Title of the AdJ, in Consideration of the Sum of paid by

to us, upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said Executors, Admi-

niRrators, and Assigns, One Annuity or clear yearly Sum of

out of the Burial Fees, Rates, and Assessments, authorized to be received, made, and applied for the Purposes aforesaid\ which said Annuity or yearly Sum of

shall be paid to the said Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by Half-yearly Payments, upon the Twenty-fourth Day of June and the Twenty-fifth Day of December, or within Twenty-one Days after each of the said Days in every Year, during the Life of and the Sum of being a fractional Part of the Firfi Payment thereof, shall be made upon the

next ensuing the Date of these Presents. In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the Day of

And

336

Annuitants with Mort-gagecsentitled without Preference.

Alignments and Grants may be trans-feired.

Form of Transfer.

Copies of Amgnments, Grams, and Transfers, to be entered in a Book, to which any Person inte-reited may have Access.

Debt to be paid off by Ballot.

Notice to be given to Persons to be paid off.

Interest to cease

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual, in the I.aw, and the several Annuities so to be granted shall be and are hereby charged upon and shall be payable out of the said Burial Fees, (subject as aforesaid), Rates, and Assessments, in Manner herein-before mentioned, with the Monies to be borrowed as aforesaid, equally One with another, and without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing or contributing the said Purchase Money, or the Date of any such Grant or Grants.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Persons who shall be entitled to any Securities for the Money which shall be borrowed, or Annuities to be granted as aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer the same to any Person or Persons by Indorsement thereon, or otherwise, to be executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, in the Form or to the Effect following: videlicet,

‘ t DO hereby assign and transfer the within Alignment, [or Annuity],

* and all my Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, and the ‘ Money thereby secured, unto Executors,

‘ Administrators, and Alligns. Witness my Hand, this ‘ Day of

And Copies of all Assignments and Grants which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and all Transfers thereof as aforesaid, shall be entered in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, to which Book any Person interested shall, at all seasonable Times, have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame; and for the Entry of every such Transfer there (l'.all be paid to the said Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry shall be made of any such Assignment. Grant, or Transfer, every such Asignment, Grant, and Transfer, so entered, shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security so to be assigned, granted, or transferred; and that whenever the said Trustees shall be enabled to pay off any of the Money which shall be borrowed as aforesaid, they shall ascertain the Securities to be paid off from Time to Time by Ballot, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and after such Ballot the said Trustees shall cause Notice signed by' their Clerk to be given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot, and such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the same shall be paid at a Place to be mentioned in such Notice at the Expitation of Three Calendar Months from the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the said Principal Money so to be paid off shall, from and after the End of the said Three Months, cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall have been demanded pursuant to such Notice and not been paid.

Monies bor-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums raise'd byAn. of M°ney which shall be borrowed or raised by Way of Annuity as afore-nuity, to be said, or otherwise received by the said Trustees by virtue or in pursuance Treasurer' of this Act, shall, when so received by them, be paid into the Hands of their Treasurer, to be applied by him in carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 337

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better securing the Re- Vettry to make payment of the Money so to be borrowed with Interest thereon, ani also

for securing the due Payment of the said Annuities so to be granted upon the Credit of the Burial Fees, Rates, and Assessments herein-before mentioned, and also for defraying the other contingent and incidental Expences of carrying the Purposes of this Act fully into Execution, the Vestry Men of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields shall and they are hereby directed to meet in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, within Six Months next after the passing of this Act, and also upon the Second Thursday in February in every Year afterwards, and at any other Time or Times as often as Occasion shall require; and they or the major Part of them shall make One or more fair and equal Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy, any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament whatsoever within the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in such Manner as they the said Vestry Men shall judge competent and necessary to and for all the Purposes of this Act, so as no such Rate or Rates, Rates not to Assessment or Assessments, shall exceed the Sum of Four-pence in the Pound in any One Year according to such Proportion of the yearly Rent one Year, or Value as the fame Hereditaments and Premises shall from Time to Time be assessed to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor within the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Houses or other Buildings Houses,

which shall hereafter be erected or built in the said Parish of Saint Giles tl",je

in the Fields, shall be rated and assessed, for the Purposes of this Act, in the iated. same Manner and Proportions as other Houses or Buildings within the said Parish shall be then assessed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rate and Ra^to0be' Rates, Assessment and Assessments, to be made by virtue of this Act, >y shall be paid by the Persons inhabiting or occupying the said Lands,

Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars,

Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, at such Times, and in such Manner and Proportions, as the said Vestry Men, at

the Time of making any such Rates or Assessments, shall direct and appoint, to the Collector or Collectors appointed or to be appointed from to the Colleo-Time to Time, to gather and collect the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of and within the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Rates and Assessments to be To he coliec-made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be collected, received, ^th?RuiesS and levied of and from such Person and Persons, in such and the like and with the’ Form and Manner, with such Powers of Distress and Appeal, and accord- 3k'|Rop050rr ing to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed and ap- Rates, pointed in and by a certain Act, made and passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better governing and employing the Poor, and making and collecting the Poors Rates, within the Parishes efSaint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, for collecting, receiving, recovering, and levying, the Rates and Assessments made or to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes, under or by virtue of the said Act; and all and [Loc. & Per.] 4 <%_ every

338

Collectors to pay the Monies collected to the Treasurer.

To take Receipt and produce lame to the Clerk.

To be allowed not more than 3d. in the' Pound lor collecting.

Treasurer and Collectors to account on Oath,

and pay the Balance in their Hands.

All Payments by the Treasurer to be made under Certificate.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. to.

every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, and Directions, contained in the said Act in relation to the said Rates and Assessments for the Relief of the said Poor, shall be and continue in full Force, and be fcvb-rally and respectively observed, practised, and putin Execution, for the collecting, receiving, recovering, and levying, the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, and Directions, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Collectors of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, shall, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, as they shall respectively col-left, recover, and levy the Monies to arise thereby, to pay the fame into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, to be applied and paid by such Treasurer for the Purposes of this Act, by the Certificates and under the Authority herein-after mentioned; and upon the Payment of every such Sum of Money to such Treasurer, every such Collector shall take a Receipt for the fame, and produce such Receipt within Seven Days after every such Payment shall be made, unto the Clerk to the said Trustees; and every such Collector shall be paid or allowed by the said Trustees such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think proper, for the Trouble he may have in such Collection, so that such Sum or Sums of Money do not exceed Three-pence in the Pound for the Monies so to be collected.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and every Collector of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, shall, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, make up and render true and perfect Accounts, verified on their Oaths respectively, of all Monies by them received and paid in pursuance of this Act, and shall produce Receipts and Vouchers for all such Payments, and shall pay over all Money which upon any such Account, shall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, being the major Part of them present at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall, by Writing under their Hands, direct and appoint to receive the same; and in case any such Collector or Treasurer shall refuse or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful, in any or either of the said Cases, to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County to commit such Defaulter or Defaulters to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have made a true Account and verified the fame on Oath as aforesaid, and satisfied and paid such Sum and Sums of Money as upon such Account shall appear to be remaining in his or their Hands.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Payments of Interest of Money to be borrowed and of Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act, together with all other Payments, Salaries, Allow, ances, Charges, and Expences whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by the said Trustees for any Thing purchased or to be purchased, done, executed, contrafted, or paid for in pursuance of this Act, and for the Puc-

pose

339

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

pose of carrying the fame into Execution, shall be first certified to the said Treasurer by Writing under the Hands of Three or more of the said Trustees; and the said Treasurer shall and he is hereby directed and required, within Seven Days after the Receipt of every such Certificate (in case he shall then have so much Money in his Hands as Treasurer to the said Trustees), to pay the Sum and Sums of Money to be specified therein to the Person and Persons entitled to receive the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trustees, w»h

for the said Trustees, with the Content of the said Vestry, from Time to Vcrtry?°*

Time to certify to their Treasurer such Sum and Sums of Money as they may cei-nty shall think proper, to be paid to the Senior Churchwarden of the said of the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in lieu of the Proportion of the Burial church, tzc. Fees which at the Time of passing this Act was usually applied ro the

Repair and Support of the said Church and Church Yard, and the Fences and Gates belonging thereto, in order to enable the said Church* warden to repair, amend, and support the fame; all which said Sums of Money, so to be certified as last aforesaid, shall be paid and payable by the said Treasurer out of any Money which shall come to his Hands by virtue of this Act, and shall be charged and allowed in his Account.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to And with like

and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, with the Privity and "f12Jie

Consent of the said Vestry, but not otherwise, to agree for, fell, dispose of Ground, csfr. and convey, or let or demise so much (if any) of the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises as shall not be deemed necdfary for such additional Burial Ground, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the

best Price or Prices, Rent or Rents, and most Money that can reasonably be had and obtained for the fame, and to sign and to give Receipts for such Purchase Money, Rents, and other Sums of Money as shall be so agreed upon.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of the said churtfiwar-Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields for the Time being shall, until the count* with Whole of the Principal Money to be borrowed as aforesaid and all Interest Tiuftecs. thereon shall be discharged, and the Annuities to be granted as aforesaid shall cease, yearly, upon such Day in the Month of January as the said Trustees shall direct, render to them the said Trustees an Account of the several Sums of Money which the said Churchwardens shall have received for or on Account of all Burials in the said intended Burial Ground, and of all Sums paid by them thereout in pursuance of this Act; and shall also pay unto the said Trustees, at the Time of rendering every such Account, the Balance of such Monies as shall appear to remain in their Hands.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Trustees Clerk to pro-shall, and he is hereby required to make, in a Book or Books to be kept ^eedin's and for that Purpose, regular and fair Entries of all Receipts of and Payments Accounts of to be made by the Treasurer to the said Trustees as aforesaid, and in the tTri*Vestrt0 fame or some other Book or Books to enter and keep an Account of all e

the Proceedings of the said Trustees, and to produce on the Second Thursday in February in each and every Year, all such Books and Accounts before the Vestry of the said Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields,

in

34°

or forfeit 20/.

Exigences of passing this ACi to be paid O'lt of the Monies to be raised.

Act not to abridge the ordinar> Jurisdiction of the Bishop of London.

Limitation of Actions.

[Publick Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

in order to enable the said Vestry to ascertain what Rate or Assessnlent will he necessary for the Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution for the Year enftiing; and in case any Clerk to the said Trustees shall wilfully or negligently refuse or omit to enter, keep, or produce such Books and Accounts at the Times and Places, or in the Manner aforesaid, every such Clerk shall forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, for every such Refusal or Omission, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and applied towards carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing-this Act, together with all Money to be advanced by the said Trustees, or either of them, for or towards the Purchase of the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall be paid or retained by them out of the First Monies which may come to their Hands by virtue of this Act.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in any Clause thereof contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any Respect to abridge, oppose, or controul, the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, in and over the aforesaid Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; or over the Minister, Churchwardens, and Vestry thereof; or in, over, or relative to any Matter or Thing respecting the said Parish, Minister, Churchwardens, or Vestry.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced, within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action cr Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Colts by Law.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, b.y all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

1

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*H* 4t

Cap. 21.

An Act for abolishing certain Dues called Petty Customs^ Anchorage, and Groundage, and for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton; for making a convenient Dock for the Security of Ships; for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there; and for erecting Warehouses for the safe Custody of Goods and Merchandize; and for imposing certain Duties for the above Purposes.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS the Port of the Town of Southampton is of great Antiquity, and is capable of being rendered more commodious than at present for carrying on Trade, both Foreign and Coastwise, by the Construction of a Bason and Wet Docks and Piers, and by the Improvement of the present Quays and Wharfs for the Reception of, and harbouring Ships and-Vessels, and by erc£ting Warehouses for the safe Custody of Goods and Merchandize, whereby the said Port and Town of Southampton will be greatly benefited, and the Navigation and Commerce of the Kingdom increased:

[Loc. & Per4 R And

34*

Commissioner» Names.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

And whereas the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, have by virtue of several Charters granted to them by His Majesty's Progenitors, Kings and Queens of England received, and been entitled, or claim to be entitled to receive certain Duties called Petty Customs, upon the Exportation and Importation of all Goods and Merchandize out of and into the said Port of Southampton, from the Owner, Exporter, or Importer of such Goods and Merchandize, and also certain other Duties called Anchorage and Groundage, payable by all Vessels coming within and not belonging to the said Port, together with Wharfage and Cranage from the Owners and Matters of all such Vessels; which said Rights, Privileges, immunities. Exemptions, and Advantages, the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses are willing to relinquish and give up upon a Compensation being made for the Loss and Diminution that will accrue to the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, by abolishing the fame: But forasmuch as a very considerable Expence will be incurred by the making the said Bason and Docks, and Piers, and eiefting the said Warehouses, and the preserving and maintaining the fame when made, as well as the present Quays; and that it is reasonable the Sums necessary to defray the fame, should be paid by Persons trading trom and to the said Port of the said Town of Southampton, and as the Danger Ships are now exposed to for Want of such Advantages will be thereby in a great Measure removed: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mofl: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Common Council Men of the said Town and County of Southampton, and their Successors, in Respect of such their Offices, together with ‘Thomas Baker, Thomas Eldridge, Thomas IVaight, Cornelius Trim, John Hunt the younger, Philip Le Feuvre, William Graves, Richard Taylor, James Bienvenu, and Edward Toomer, and their Successors, to be elected, nominated, and appointed, in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, and shall have and they have by this Act full Power and Authority to make a Wet Dock or Bason, with Wharfs and Sluices, and to erect a Pier or Piers, Dock or Docks, Warehouse or Warehouses, of such Materials and in such Manner as they shall see fit, and to extend, alter, and repair the present Quays, and Wharfs, and erect Warehouses and other Works necessary for the Improvements of the said Harbour and Port, (and then and from thenceforth such of the Quays and Wharfs then made or built, or repaired by the said Commissioners, shall be deemed and taken to be legal Quays and Wharfs accordingly), and also for the safe Custody of Goods and Merchandize, and for the more convenient Use of the fame within the said Port of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and shall for that Purpose have Power and Authority to purchase Lands, Tenement*, and Hereditaments, for the Use of the said Piers, Docks, Basons, and Wharfs, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain, and at any Time or Times to fell, dispose of, and convey any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the said Commissioners shall have Power and Authority to place Booms for marking the Channel in the Southampton Water, from 5 - t* k Caljhoi

34-3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

Calfhot Castle up to the Town of Southampton, and also up to Redbridge and Eling, in the Southampton River, and up to Northern, in the River Itchin; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things hereby authorized or directed to be done by the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by any Five or more of them, and shall be as valid and effectual as if done and executed by all the said Commissioners, unless otherwise herein-after particularly directed: Provided always, that no more Land shall be purchased, than shall, at the Time of such Purchase being made, be deemed to be necessary for the Purposes of this Act; but if it shall afterwards happen that any Quantity of Land, which had been deemed to be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, shall be afterwards found not to be necessary for such Purposes, then and in every such Case only, the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to fell any Quantity which shall not so be wanted, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Purpose of carrying the said Act and all the Powers therein contained into Execution, and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person (except the Mayor, Recorder, and Common Council Men of the said Town for the Time being), shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall have been a Housekeeper within the said Town, and have paid towards the Parochial Rates of the fame for the Space of Three Years before he shall begin to act as such Commissioner, and shall have been an Exporter or Importer of Goods and Merchandize for the same Period, and shall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Receipc of the Rents and Profits of Lands; Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, arising within the said Town or Liberties thereof, or shall be possessed of a Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds; and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the following Effect, which Oath any One of the Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer:

r A.B. do swear. That, according to the bed of my Skill and Know-

* ledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several

Powers and Trusts veiled in me, by an Act passed in the Forty-third

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, /.in AEi \hert set forth the Title of the A£f\ according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person hereby deemed incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, shall presume to ad in such Capacity, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, wherein no Essoign, or Protection, or Wager of L.aw, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued shall prove that he was lo qualified at the Time he acted, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act:

Provided

Qualification of Commissioners.

Oath of Qualification.

Penalty on

aitingif not qu-lined.

344

On Death of Commissioneri, others to be chosen.

Notice of Election to be give*.

First Meeting of Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21*

Provided always, that no Person shall act as a Commissioner in tht Execution of this Act, in any Case wherein he is or shall be personally interested.

III. And be it further enacted, That when, and as often as any One of the said Commissioners, herein-before specifically named, shall die or remove out of the said Town and Liberties thereof, or shall neglect or refufr to act for the Space of Twelve Months, or shall become disqualified, by not continuing to possess the Estate herein-before Specified, or by ceasing to be an Exporter or Importer, or shall be elected or chosen Mayor. Recorder, or a Common Council Man of the Corporation of the said Town of Southampton, then the Specific Commissioners for the Time being, whether such Commissioners are herein-before specifically named, or shall have been elected Commissioners in pursuance of the Directions herein-after given, or the major Part of them, shall, within One Month after such Death, Removal, Neglect, Refusal, Disqualification-. or Election, meet in some public Place in the said Town or Liberties thereof, and elect some other Person, qualified in the Manner herein-before mentioned, in the Place or Stead of the Commissioner so dying, removing, or neglecting, or refusing to act, or becoming so disqualified as aforesaid, or chosen Mayor, Recorder, or a Common Council Man of the said Corporation, Ten Days Notice of the Time and Place of such Meeting having been given in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and fixed upon the Audit House and Custom House within the said Town , and every Person so elected a Commissioner, shall, from the Time of such Election, have the fame Power and Authority in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner in this Act,

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet together, at the Audit House, in Southampton, upon the Second Monday after the puffing of this Act, or as toon thereafter as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, ard shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and meet at the Place aforesaid, by Leave of the Mayor for the Time being first obtained for that Purpose, or at any other convenient Place within the Town of Southampton, Is they, or the major Parc Of them at such Meeting shall appoint and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a Sufficient Number of the said Commissioners to act or to adjourn, (Three of the Said Commissioners being always deemed Sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if the said Commissioners when met, shall neglect or refuse to make an Adjournment, then and in every such Case, their Clerk* or any Three or more of the said Commissioners, shall and may call a Meeting at the Place where the last: Meeting was held on that Day Fortnight by Notice thereof, Seven Days previous to such Meeting, to be given in Writing, by affixing the fame upon the Audit House and Custom House within the said Town; but no Act of the said Commissioners, other than than that of Adjournment as aforesaid, (except where it is hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be valid, unless made or done at some pubhek Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act; and the said

x Commissioners

345

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, bear and pay their own Charges and Expences; and at every Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be held by virtue of this Act, the Mayor for the Time being, if present, shall be Chairman; and in case the said Mayor shall be absent, then the late Mayor for the Time being, if present, shall be Chairman; and in case the said late Mayor shall be absent, then such One of the said Commissioner, as shall be chosen by the Commissioners present at such Meeting, shall preside and be called Chairman, and such Chairman shall not only have a Vote as a Commissioner, but in case of Equality of Votes, shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Ten or more of them present at any of their Meetings to make such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the ordering, securing, and safely and conveniently fta-tioning or placing of the Ships and Vessels coming into or lying in the said Harbour and Port, and for loading, unloading, mooring, and unmooring thereof, and for the Safety and Preservation of the Goods and Merchandize landing or shipping the re, and of the Works to be made or done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, and for the Appointment, Regulation, Direction, and good Conducting of Ships or Vessels into or out of, or whilst within the said Harbour or Port, and of the Use of Fires, and the melting of combustible Matters on board any such Ship or Vessel, and for keeping clear and uninterrupted the publick Piers, Wharfs, and Quays, and for regulating all Boats, Wherries, Lighters, and other small Craft kept and used for Hire, at the said Pert of the Town of Southampton, and the Rates and Fares to be taken by the Owners thereof, and by all Porters and Barrow Men plying on the said Piers, Wharfs, and Quays, and removing and preventing Nuisanres within the Limits of the said Harbour or Port as shall from Time to Time appear necessary and proper, and to alter, vary, or repeal the fame, as Occasion shall require, and to impose reasonable Fines and Penalties for the Breach and Non-observance of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, so as no One Penalty shall exceed Ten Pounds; which Fines and Penalties shall be recovered and levied as Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted or imposed, are hereby dhefted to be recovered and levied; and that all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, Rates and Fares, and the Fines and Penalties for the Breach and Nonperformance thereof, shall, from Time to Time, as often as they shall be made, altered, or varied, be put up either in Print or in Writing, in a clear legible Hand, in the Custom House of the said Port, and in such other Place or Places as the said Commissioners may appoint, and at all Times to r emain and be in the said Places; and upon Application, a Copy thereof shall be delivered to any Captain or Owner of any Ship or Vessel requiring the fame, on Payment to the Harbour Master of Sixpence for the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Bye-Law to be made under the Authority of this Act, shall in any Way extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or vessel so as to subject the Owner, or the Master or other Person having the Command or Charge thereof, to any Controul or Expence fexcepr so far as shall be necessary for the Recovery of the

[Loc. Iff Per.] 4 S Boomaee

Power to make Bye Laws.

Not to subject Mailers of Vessels to any Expence at Chapptl, North-am, R. dbndgr, 01 Eling.

34

No Bye Laws to be altered without previous Notice.

Commissioners may make Contrails.

All Ere<51ions, ftfr. made to De velted in the Commissioners.

Empowered to prosecute, 5n Cafe of Damage done to such Works.

Power to appoint Officers.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Boomage Duties hereby granted), either at Chappel, Northam, Redbridge, Eling, or in the Hamble Water.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Regulation, made by the said Commissioners, shall be altered, varied, or repealed, unlel’s Ten Days previous Notice of such intended Alteration or Repeal shall be fixed in Writing, under the Hand of the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, upon the Audit House and Custom House within the said Town of Southampton, nor unless a greater Number of the said Commissioners than were present at the making any such Bye Laws, shall be present and consenting thereto.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to enter into Contracts, and make Bargains with any Workmen or other Persons, for the making and doing all and every or any Part of the Work or Business of or about building the said Dock or Baton, Piers, Warehouses, and other Works, in and about the fame, and the maintaining, repairing, keeping, enlarging, or cleansing thereof, from Time to Time, and to order and direct the Collection, Receipt, and Disposition of any Duties or Monies which from Time to Time shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, and all Buildings, Erections, and other Matters and Things thereon and thereunto belonging, and also all Balons or Docks, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Works, Warehouses, Buildings, and requisite Roacjs, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Matters, and Things, which shall be made, built, provided, or established by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they and their Successors are hereby authorized and empowered to bring any Action or Actions, and to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall cut, damage, or injure, or cause to be cut, damaged, or injured, any of the Works to be made, erected, established, amended, or repaired, by virtue of this Act, or who shall injure or destroy the fame whilst doing, or impede the doing thereof, or shall steal, purloin, or wrongfully take away Stones, Lead, Iron, Wood, Bricks, or other Materials, and Machines, Engines, or Utensils, provided or to be provided from Time to Time, or used or intended to be used therein, or for any other Purposes of this Act, or who shall wilfully do or suffer, or consent to any Thing whereby Damage may accrue to the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings to be purchased, or the Works or Machines to be made or erected by virtue of this Act, and all the Damages which shall be so recovered by the said Commissioners, by any Suit, Process, or Action, after deducting the Cods of Suit, shall be applied as herein-after directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Ten or more of the said Commissioners from Time to Time, and as often as they shall think fit, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint any Col-ledtor or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Treasurer, Clerk, Officer, or Overseer, Porters, Scavengers, Rakers, Cleanfers, Workmen, or Labourers,

347

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

bourers, that hereafter shall be necessary in any Work or Employment ini or about the said Docks, Piers, Bason, Quays, or Warehouses, and to remove them or any of them at their Will and Pleasure, and to appoint others in the Room or Stead of such of them as shall die, or decline to act, or be so removed } and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, to order and direct Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money arising by this Act for Materials, Salaries, Workmen’s Wages, or otherwise for maintainin?, preserving, improving, and repairing the said Piers, Docks, Basons, or Warehouses, or deepening the Channel as Occasion shall require,^and also to inspect and take Accounts of the Collections, Receipts, and Disbursements of all such Monies as shall be collected and levied by virtue of this Act, and from Time to Time to call before them the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and Servants, who shall be or shall have been at any Time or Times intruded with the Collection, Receipt, or any Employment of the Monies to be collected and received by virtue of this Act, who are required to render to them, or to such Person as they shall direct to inspect, or to take such Accounts, a true Account thereof, and also to deliver and give up all Books, Papers, Documents, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Truds and Powers hereby granted to the said Commissioners; and in case they or any of them shall be found in Arrear, or refuse to account, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Justices of the Peace of the said Town and County, or any Two or more of them, on Complaint made by the said Commissioners by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing, and who shall be charged with the Monies in his or their Hands, or in Arrear as aforesaid, such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall be so charged with, together with the Costs and Charges of levying the fame, rendering the Overplus to the Parties on whom the Distress shall be made; and for Want of such Distress, or on Refusal to deliver up such Books, Papers, Accounts, Documents, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power as aforesaid, by like Warrant to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the said Town and County, until such Time as he, she, or they shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Accounts, Documents, and Writings as aforesaid, or until he, she, or they shall account for and pay, or cause to be secured and accounted for and paid, such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall be respectively charged with unto the said Commissioners, or to their Order, or until they (Tull give such Satisfaction to or shall have compounded or agreed with the said Commissioners, as they shall think reasonable, which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required ro take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and other Officers to be appointed by virtue of this Act for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices as the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Books to be provided and kept, and shall cause fair and regular Entries to be made in such Books of the several Meetings and Names of the Commissioners

Security to be given by] Treasurer, etc.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book;

348

Chairman and Clerk to sign fame.

Books may he read in Evidence,

Petty Customs to cease, and new Rates, etc. to be raised.

Vessels in the Service of Government exempted.

Ships coming to Northern, &c. exempted

Boomage Du ty not to be payable until Booms are laid down.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Commissioners attending such Meetings, and of the Nomination of all Officers and Persons, and of all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act \ and that the Chairman for the Time being, and the Clerk attending such Meeting, shall subscribe their Names to the Proceedings of every such Meeting; and all Entries in such Books, being signed as aforesaid, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions touching any Thing to be done in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, and such Books shall be kept by the Clerk to the said Commissioners as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct, and shall at every such Meeting, and at all other reasonable Times, be open and liable to the Inspection of the said Commissioners, and of all Persons in anywise affected by this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the Second Monday after passing this Act, the Duties now due and payable to the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, called Petty Customs, Wharfage, Cranage, and Anchorage, and Groundage, shall cease, and be no longer paid, and that there shall from thenceforth be paid unto the said Commissioners, as well by the Persons being respectively Members of the said Corporation of the Town and County of Southampton, and the Owners and Matters having the Command of Vessels belonging to the said Port, as by all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities exported from, or imported into the said Port of Southampton, and which shall be landed in or shipped from the Dock or Baton to be constructed under the Authority of this Act, or at or from any of the legal Quays in the Town of Southampton, and for ware-housing the fame; and for all Ships and Vessels coming into the said Pier, Dock, or Bason, or the Road for Ships there, the several and respective Rates, Wharfage, Keelage, Boomage, Pier Dues, Dock Dues, or Duties mentioned, and specified and enumerated in the Table hereunto annexed, and no other Rates, Customs, or Duties for the fame, or in respect thereof, under any Denomination whatsoever , and which said Table, and all. the several Provisoes, and other Matters therein contained, is, are, and shall be deemed and taken as Parc of this Act to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if the fame were enacted in the Body thereof.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Vessels belonging to, or employed in the Service of His Majesty, shall be exempted from the Payment of all and every the Rates and Duties hereby granted.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said Rates, Dues,

or Duties, or any of them, (except the Boomage Duties), any Ship or Vessel, on Account of her coming to or anchoring at Chappel, Northam, Redbridge, Eling, or Woodmill, except as to so much of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel as shall be landed or stripped at or from the said Pier, Dock, or Bason, or any legal Quays at the said Town of Southampton.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Duty hereby granted for Boomage shall not be paid or payable until the Channels from Caljhot

CaJUe

349

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Castle up to Southampton, Chapel, Northam, Redbridge, and Eling, shall be well and sufficiently marked out by fixing Booms therein, and during such Time only as the said Booms, when so fixed, shall be maintained and kept in good and sufficienc Repair to answer the good Purpose intended thereby.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when the Works and Power to re-improvements intended to be made or done under the Authority of this antftoS'e Act, shall have been completed, and the Expence thereof paid and them again, satisfied, and every Debt or Incumbrance thereby raised or incurred

shall have been discharged, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Ten or more of them, after Twenty Days Notice given by Writing, fixed at the Audit House and Custom House of the said Town of Southampton, of such their Intention to reduce or lelltn the said Rates or Duties, called Pier Dues, Dock Dues and Duties, and Wharfage, Tonnage, and Boomage, to such Payments as shall be equal to pay and make good the annual Payment to be made to the said Mayor and Common Council; such annual Payment not being less than One Fifth Part of the Amount of the said Rates of the last preceding Year; and also to secure and maintain the said Docks, Piers, Works, Improvements, and Purposes herein-before mentioned; or if it shall at any Time thereafter be found necessary to advance the said Rates and Duties again, or to lower the fame, it shall, in such Case, be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Alterations in the said Rates or Duties as shall from Time to Time appear to them to be necessary, so that the same shall not in any Case exceed the Sums made payable by this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have

full Power and Authority, and are hereby authorized and empowered to "oneitedand make such Orders and Rules, and give such Directions for the collecting, disposed. receiving, and disposing of the said Sums of Money and Duties as they shall think mc(t necessary and conducive to the End for which the same are hereby given ;'and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money before mentioned shall, from Time to Time, be paid to and collected and received by such Person or Persons as, by a Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, shall be cholen by the said Commissioners at a Meeting to be held for the Election of Officers by virtue of this Act; and the Person or Persons, so appointed to receive the Duties, shall pay and dispose thereof to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner and Proportion as shall be mentioned in such Writing, and to no other Ufc, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of How the Mo-Money as shall be raised and received by the Duties aforesaid, or recovered by the^d6 for any Forfeitures by this Act appointed, other than so much thereof as Duties shall shall be allowed to the Collector or other Officers for collecting and bcaPPlltd-managing the said Duties, or for Charges of recovering the fame, shall be, by the said Commissioners, applied and disposed of as follows; in the First Place, to the Payment of One Fifth Part of the said Sum or Sums . of Money to the said Mayor and Common Council, for the Time being, and their Successors, yearly and every Year after the Commencement of this Act, as and for a Compensation for the Loss and Diminution which will accrue to the said Mayor and Common Council by the abolishing the said Dufies, called Petty Customs, Wharfage, Cranage, Anchorage,

ILtc. & Per.2 4 T ar.d

350

Receiver to keep a Book to enter Receipts and Payments,

to be filled up according to Commencement.

Payment to be made by the Treasurer to the Corporation first Monday in May and first Mo.iday in No-*vtmber annually.

Tonnage to be paid according to tin Certificate of Registry.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

and Groundage; and from and after the Payment thereof, the Residue shall be applied and disposed of to the building and repairing the said Piers, Docks or Bason, Warehouses, and other present Works, and for securing, preserving, amending, and maintaining the said Dock or Bason and Harbour of Southampton, and for placing, fixing, and maintaining, ac all necessary Places aforesaid, a sufficient Number of Booms for marking the Channels herein-before enumerated; and there shall be, from Time to Time, provided and kept by the said Receiver or Person appointed to collect and receive the said Duties, One or more Book or Books, in which all Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, and all Paymenrs out of the fame, shall, from Time to Time, be fairly let down and entered, expressing the Time when, and the Name of the Person or Persons from or to whom the fame were so received or paid, and for what Use or Purpose such Payment was made and that at all Times, when required by the said Commissioners, during the Continuance of this Act, the Account of such Wharfage, Pier Dues, Dock Dues, Tonnage, and Boomage, from the said Books, shall be fairly drawn up and stated, according to the said Book of Rates, ending the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, by the said Receiver, and delivered to the said Commissioners upon the Oath of the said Collector and Receiver; which Oath the said Mayor, for the Time being, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town and County is hereby empowered to administer.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Treasurer, and he is hereby required, on the First Monday in November and the First Monday in May regularly in every Year, to pay or cause to be paid unto the said Mayor and Common Council, such Half-yearly Payment as shall become due to them in Manner herein-before mentioned, on the Half-yearly Settlement of the Accounts of such Receipts of Duties and Forfeitures as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to retain in his Hands so much Money as will answer such Payment in Priority to all other Payments whatsoever, to be made in pursuance of this Act; and in case such Treasurer, Collector, or Receiver, shall neg-left or refui'e to pay, or cause to be paid, such Half-yearly Payment as aforesaid, for the Space of Two Months after such First Monday in November and the First Monday in May annually, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to the Use of the said Mayor and Common Council, and their Successors, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in case I'uch Treasurer shall retain Money in his Hands to pay, and shall pay the said Half-yearly Payments to the said Mayor and Common Council, in Manner herein-before mentioned, he shall be indemnified from any Claim of the said Commissioners, and shall be allowed such Payments in his Accounts as a legal Disbursement by virtue of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels trading to and from the said Port, liable to the Duties of Tonnage and Boomage by this Act imposed, thall pay the said Duties according to the Admealure-ment contained in the Certificate of Registry belonging to such Ship

or

35i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

or Vessel, and the several Duties of Tonnage and Boomage shall be thereby computed and collected accordingly, and all Foreign Vessels,

Shall be measured by the Person or Persons who shall be employed or approved of by the Collector of the Customs of the said Port, and the Mayor for the Time being of Southampton, to measure Vessels there; and the several Duties of Tonnage shall be computed and collected according to such Admeasurement.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Mailers and Owners of all Ships, ships,etc. may Hoys, Barks, or Vessels, entering and using the said Harbour, and beme*frred. liable to the Payment of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, that

shall be unregillered, or who shall refuse or decline to produce their Registers, shall suffer and permit the said Ships, Hoys, Barks, or Vessels, to be measured by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall pay the Rates and Duties aforesaid according to such Measurement; and that every Owner or Mailer aforesaid, who shall refuse to produce such Regiller, or to have his or their Ship,

Hoy, Bark, or Vessel, measured as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to the said Commissioners.

XXIII. And, to prevent any Delay or Evasion in the Payment of the Rates Rates to be and Duties aforesaid, be it further enacted, That there shall be produced ^ffeUare' to the Collector or other proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the entered at Port of Southampton, by the Mailer or Owners of every Ship, Hoy, t{J'u<^<tom Birk, or Vessel, coming into or failing out of the said Port or Harbour, and

liable to the Rates and Duties in this Act granted, a Receipt, or other sufficient Voucher of the Payment of the said Rates and Duties by such Mailer or Owners, and that until such Production be made, and the Collector or other proper Officer aforesaid, shall be satisfied with the fame, the said Collector or other proper Officer shall rot take or receive, or grant or issue any Entry, Report, Cocket, Permit, Sufferance, Or other Dispatch, Outwards, for any such Ship, Hoy, Bark, or Vessel, Foreign or British, liable or subject to Payment of the said Rates and Duties, nor at any other than at the present legal Quays, or such Quays as shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, which are hereby declared to be free Quays, or at such other Quays, Wharfs, or other Places as are now made Use of for shipping, unshipping, or landing such Kind of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as are now usually shipped, unshipped, or landed thereat, tinder the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, 10 be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to reieive the same.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven p wfr toraifc or more of them, shall be, and are hereby empowered to borrow and take Money-

up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, and by Writing under their Hands, to convey and allure the Duties granted by this Act, the Charges of liuch Conveyance and Assurance to be paid out of the said Duties, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed for the Pur poles of this Act, to any Person or Persons, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall, or will advance the fame, together with Interest there-

352

Form of an Assignment.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

on; and every such Assignment shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following, viz.

4 n Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of 4 King George the Third, [here set forth the Title of the AB.~\ We 4 the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act, in Consideration

of the Sum of advanced and lent by

to the Treasurer or Treasurers

‘ appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do grant and assign to

« Executors, Adtr.inistrators, and Assigns,

such Proportion of the Duties arising by virtue of the said Act, subject

to the Priority of Payment to the Mayor and Common Council, as directed by the said Act, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum, which is, or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of

until the Sum of with Interest, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, for the fame, to be

paid Half-yearly, shall be repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hand- and Seals this , Day of

And every such Assignment shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

May raise

XXV. Provided always, That in case the said Commissioners, or any Seven ^rantln bAn think it adviseable to raise all or any Part of the Money, for

liuities on the Purposes of this Act, by granting Annuities for Lives, or for a Term

Lives. or Terms of Years, it shall and may be lawful in that Cafe for the said

Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals to grant such Annuity for Lives or Years, to any Person or Persons of the Age of Forty Years or upwards, who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity for a Term or Terms of Years, or any Annuity for Lives; such Annuity for Life to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorship, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, so that any such Annuity do not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum for a Year; and the Grant of every such Annuity, shall be in the Words and to the Effect following, viz.

Form of Grant of Annuity* (

WEthe

of the Commissioners

appointed by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, [here set forth the Title of the AEf\ in Consideration of the Sum of paid by

to the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said

his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, an Annuity or yearly Sum of out of the Rates

or Duties arising by virtue of the said Act, subject to the Priority of Payment to the Mayor and Common Council, as directed by the said Act,

353

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Act, which Annuity or yearly Sum of

shall be paid to the said his Executors.

Administrators, and Assigns, at upon the

in every Year during and the First

Payment thereof shall be made orl the

Day of next ensuing the Date of these

Presents. Given under our Hands and Seals the

Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid free from all Taxes and Deductions out of the said Rates or Duties.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Annuities, or the Interest of any Money lent, or any Part thereof, shall be behind in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of Three Months after the same shall respectively become due, and shall have been demanded, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Annuitant or Annuitants, Creditor or Creditors, upon his, her, or their first giving Ten Days Notice in Writing to the Treasurer for the Time being, to commence an Action on the Cafe, or of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the said Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Recovery of the said Annuity or Annuities, or the Interest of any such Money, provided that the Venue of such Action be laid in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, or the County of Southampton, and not elsewhere; and in such Action, no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Person entitled to any of the Securities for the Money borrowed, or for the Annuities granted as aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands, indorsed thereon, to transfer the same to any Person or Persons in the Words or to the Effect following, viz.

4 j do hereby transfer the within Mortgage

4 I [or Grant of Annuity, as the Case may le~\ and all my Right and Title in and to the Principal Money and Interest, [or Annuity3, and all Arrears now due thereon, and thereby secured unto his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated the Day of

And Entries or Memorials of all Mortgages or Assignments, and Grants of Annuities which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and of all Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length, the Names, Additions, Places of Abode, and other proper Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to the Principal and Interest, or the Annuities thereby respectively secured, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to which Book all Persons interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access, and shall have Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Assignment, the said Clerks shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and every [Loc. ft? Per.] 4 U such

Recovery of Annuities or Interest.

Securities

maybe

transferred.

Form of Transfer.

Transfers to be entered by the Clerk.

354

Power to purchase.

The Reconi-pence to be settled by a Jury in certain Cases.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security to be thereby transferred, and all Persons to whom such Morgages or Assignments, or Grants of Annuity shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Monies thereby secured, shall be in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned Creditors, on the said Rates or Duties, One with another, without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages on Assignments, or Grants of Annuity; all which Money so to be borrowed shall be employed for and towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers, and all other Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners shall think it necessary to purchase, either for the improving the said Pier or Harbour, making the said Docks, erecting the said Warehouses, or widening or improving the Quays, or any of the said Streets, Ways, or Passages leading thereto, from any Part of the said Town of Southampton-, and to and for all Persons whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Executors and Administrators, Trustees, Guardians, and other Persons whatsoever, on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, and Cestuique Trulls, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, to contract for, fell, convey, or surrender to the said Commissioners and their Successors, all or any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Term for Years, or any Estate or Interest therein; and that all such Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Assignments, Surrenders, and other Conveyances, which shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to convey the Estate of the Person or Persons conveying, and all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of him, her, or them, and all claiming by, from, or under him, her, or them; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and if any of such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, upon Notice in Writing by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, to him, her, or them given or left at the respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Polfdfion of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, shall, by the Space of Fourteen Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason ot Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Calc 6 t the

355

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

the saul Commissioners shall cause it to be enquired into and alcemined, by and upon die Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the Town and County of Southampton (which Oaths any One or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested for or on Account of the taking of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in order thereto the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered to administer); and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in Question, if there be Occasion, and life all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damages, Recompence, and Satisfaction, the said Commissioners shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or Occupiers of, or other Persons interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which Their Verdict said Verdict or Inquisition and Order lo had and made shall be final, to be finaI-binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming any Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives, or Years, in Poffiffion, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn. Femes Covert,- Persons beyond the Seas, and under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Com- Sheriff to miffior.ers are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the summon Sheriff of the Town and County of Southampton, or in case such Sheriff or his Jullts-Deputy or Deputies shall be anyways interested in the Matter in Question, then to some One of the Coroners of the fame Town and County, not interested therein, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to empannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts or Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as in fifth Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, is and are hereby required to empannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly; and out of the Persons so empanneled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, shall iwear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficienr Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured, to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid) to the Number of Twelve, and al! Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge

35$

Sheriff, etc. to be fined on Neglect of Duty,

How the

Purchase Money is to he paid.

Limiting the Continuance of the Power of purehating Lands.

After Pay. nient, Com-jnilfioners may enter on the Premises.

Application of L'ompenfa-tion when amounting to 200 /

43° GEORGlt III. Cap. 21.

the Array; and the said Commissioners acting in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, or such Coroner, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury and shall not appear, or who shall tefufe to be sworn on the said Jury, or on being (worn, refuting to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refule to be sworn and give Evidence; provided that any such Fine shall not exceed the Surh of Five Pounds Upon any such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, and the Sum of Forty Shillings upon any other Person for any One Offence.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, Recompence, and Satisfaction, which shall be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusa! to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, for the Use of such Parties or Persons; and afier Fourteen Days Notice thereof to such Parties or Persons, nr their Agents, all Owners and Occupiers of and Persons imerested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thenceforth be divested of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall thenceforth be absolutely vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Power of purchasing Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament, for the Purposes of this Act, shall continue for the Space of Three Years from the Day of passing thereof, and no longer , and that all Sums of Money assessed by any Jury for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be paid within Three Months after such Assessment.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after Payment made for the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, or upon the Money being left in the Hands of the Treasurer as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to enter upon the Premises so to be purchased, and every Part thereof, and to convert the same to such of the Purposes of this Act as they shall think proper.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or aficlTed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or uled, by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his

Account

357

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall belaid, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments), in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame (h ill be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and lettled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of makr ing such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Eflfedl; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or afTdTed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be ltffs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, nr used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chanqery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Commissioners for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

[Lee. & Per.'] 4 X XXXIV. Provided

Application when the Compensation is left than 200 /. and exceeds ao/.

3 58

Application when the Money is less than tot.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money lo agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Casts the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Vesseiscoming

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That allVessels, Hoys, Boats, Barges, cl/te" obf’1 Lighters, or other Craft, coming within Caljhot Castle, and navigating in the liable to Water called Southampton Water, and the Rivers thereto belonging, as far as Boomage. the Tide Sows therein, shall, as to the Payment of BoomageDues, be deemed to be within the Harbour of the said Town of Southampton, in such and the same Manner as if they came to and used the Pier, Dock, or Baton, and shall be subject and are hereby declared to be liable to the fame Boomage, and the Rules, Bye Laws, Regulations, and Payments on Account thereof, as all other Ships and Vessels coming into the said Pier1, Dock, or Bason.

I’ower to take

XXXVI. And whereas the Ways leading by the Walls of the said Town andWMcr* to Quays anc* '"tended Dock or Bason, as well as the Gates called Water Gate. Gate and Bridewell Gate, are very narrow and incommodious for Trade,

and it will be greatly for the publick Benefit if the same are taken down and removed; be ii: therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order and direct such Part of the Town Walls, and the said Gates called Water Gate and Bridewell Gate, as they shall think fit and expedient to be taken down and removed, and to make Use of and convert the Stones and Materials therefrom arising in making and building the said Pier, Docks, Warehouses, and Quays, or in such other Manner as they shall deem moll advantageous for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

Harbour Master and Dock Master to be appointed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That for the further Convenience and Accommodation of the Trade of the said Harbour and Port, it shall and may be lawful for any Ten or more of the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or Persons to be Harbour Master or Harbour Matters, and Dock Master or Dock Matters, of and in the said Harbour and Port, and the Docks, Piers* and Basons which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and to remove or dismiss any such Harbour Master or Harbour Matters, or Dock Master or Dock Matters, when they shall think proper, which Person or Persons to be appointed as Harbour Master or Masters, or Dock Master or Masters, of or for the said Port or Harbour, shall order and direct every Person having the Charge Or Command of any Ship or Vessel lading or unlading any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any light Ship or Vessel, or any Hoy, Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Craft, entering into or lying within the said River, or any Person who may be on board, having the Care of the fame respectively, fla>-tion or moor such their Ships or Vessels at or in such proper Place or Places

as

359

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

as such Harbour Matter or Matters, or Dock Matter or Matters, shall assign or direct for such Purpose-, and in case of Reful'al or Dilobedience on che Part of such Person or Persons having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, Hoy, Boat, Barge; Lighter, or other Craft as aforesaid, or in case there shall not be any Person on board such Ship or Vessel, or other Craft, it shall and may be lawful for such Harbour Matter or Matters, Dock Matter or Matters, and his or their Assistants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor or unmoor, move or remove, such Ship or Vessel, or other Craft, or cause the same to be moored in such Birth as he or they may think proper, and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively, together with any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence; shall be'paid by such Commander or Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, or other Craft as aforesaid, to be recovered and applied as herein directed; and in cale any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot, or other Person taking the Command of any Ship or Vessel, or the Owner, Agent, Consignee, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Port, or in any of the said Docks, Piers; Basons, or Harbour, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein prescribed; and the said Harbour Matter or Matters, Dock Matter or Matters, shall have full Power, and they are hereby empowered to enforce and carry into Effect all Bye Laws and Regulations, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully as if the fame were herein and hereby enacted and specified.

XXXVIII. And, for the better keeping the said Dock or Bason clean, be it further enacted, That, from and after the Second Monday after the patting Of this Act, no Person or Persons whosoever shall presume to throw or empty any Ballad or Dust, Allies, Earth, Rubbish, Stones, or do any other Act to the Annoyance of the said Quay, Dock, or Bason, the Matter of Complaint respecting which Annoyance shall be examined and determined by the Justices of the Peace of the said Town and County of Southampton, Or any Two of them for the Time being, who are hereby empowered to impoie such Fine or Fines upon any Person or Persons foofftnding, as they, In their Discretion, shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, nor lei's than Twenty Shillings.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Matters and Owners, or other Persons having the Care of any Ship, Lighter, or other Vessel, being in any Part of the aforesaid Harbour, Basons, or Docks, shall and he is hereby required, before and during all the Time thac any Ballad, Coals, Cinders, Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Dung, or any other loose Matter or Thing, shall be loading, or unloading, into or from any such Ship, Lighter, or Vessel, to cause a Canvas, or other Cloth, Shoot or Shoots, to be nailed, fixed, or otherwise fattened to such Ship, Lighter, or other Vessel, which Canvas or Cloth, or Shoot, shall extend from such Ship, Lighter, or other Vessel unto the Whaif, Bank, or Quay, to or from which such loading or unloading, is or shall be conveying or conveyed, or unto any other Ship, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel, to or from which such loading or unloading is or Or all be conveying or conveyed, as the Case shall happen to be, so as in such Manner to prevent any J?art of the loading or unloading from passing or falling into the said Harbour

No Ballad or Dust. etc. to be emptied into 1 he Bason*

Masters of Vessels to provide C!oth3 on loading Ballast, etc.

360

Damages done to the Piers and Works to be ascertained by the Justices.

Mailers or Owners of Vessels answerable for Damages.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Harbour or River, or any Part thereof, and when and as soon as any such Ballast, Coals, Cinders, Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Dung, or other Matter, is or shall be landed from such Ship, Lighter, or Vessel, the same shall be by such Mailer, Owner, or other Person as aforesaid, laid and placed, or caused to be laid and placed back at lead Six Feet distant from the Edge of such Wharf, Bank, or Quay, and taken or carried, or caused to be taken or carried from such Wharf, Bank, or Quay, within Twenty* four Hours afier the Time of landing the same as aforesaid and in case any Mailer, Owner, or other Person having the Care of any such Ship, Lighter, or Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to fix such Canvas or Shoor, or to lay, place, and carry away such Ballast, Coals, Cinders, Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Dung, or other Matter, in Manner and from and within the Time aforesaid, such Mailer, Owner, or other Person, shall for every Day after which he or they shall so negletft or refuse, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall be wilfully or negligently run, or be driven against either of the Piers or Works, now erected or to be created, or made in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, so as to break, damage, or injure the fame, the Person having the Government or Charge of such Ship or Vessel, or acting as such, so wilfully or negligently offending, shall be liable to answer or make good the Damage or Injury done to the said Pier or Works, to be settled and ascertained in a summary Way, by any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said Town and County of Southampton; and in case the Person so offending shall not have compounded or settled the said Damages or Injury with the said Commissioners, which they are hereby empowered to do, or shall refuse to pay the Sum or Sums of Money to be awarded by the said Justices, for or in respect of such Damage or Injury, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Ship or Vessel to be seized and distrained, together with the Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel thereof, until due Payment thereof, together with the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress; and if such Ship or Vessel shall not be redeemed within Four Days next after the same shall be so seized or distrained, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so seizing or distraining the fame, to fell so much of the Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel, of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel as shall be sufficienc to answer and make good the said Damage or Injury, and all Costs and Charges in consequence thereof, rendering the Overplus to the Owner of such Ship or Vessel.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Owner of any Ship, Boat, or Barge, or other Vessel, shall be and is hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, that shall be done by his Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or by any of the Sailors, Boatmen, Watermen, or others, belonging to or employed in or about the fame, unto any of the Piers or other Works in or upon, or belonging to the said Harbour or Docks, or by loading or unloading any Boat or Barge, and for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of any Buildings, Erections, Lands, or Tenements, adjoining or lying near to the fame, or any of them, or any other Trespass whatl'o-evtr, the Amount or Value of such Damage, Spoil, Mischief, or Tref-

pass,

3 6i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

pass, to be ascertained by any Two Justices of the Peace of the said Town and County, and to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is herein mentioned or directed to be recovered; and in case the Owner of any I’uch Ship or Vessel, Boat or Barge as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass by reason of any wilful Act or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such Servant shall be liable to repay such Penalty, or the Money paid for any such Damage or Trespass to such Owner; and in case of Nonpayment thereof upon Demand, the same shall be recoverable by such Owner, in like Manner as any Penalty is herein authorized or di-redfed to be recovered.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in any Manner destroy or injure any Rope or other Thing by which any Ship or other Vessel lying in the said Piers, Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, shall be moored or fattened, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall hinder or restrain the Dock Matter or Dock Matters to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or his or their Assistance or Assistants, from exercising in a due and reasonable Manner any of the Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in them.

XLIII. And, for preventing Accidents by Fire in the said Piers, Docks, or Basons, Warehouses, or other Works; be it further enacted, That no Person whosoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle, or Lamp lighted on board any Ship or other Vessel within the same, at any Time or Times whatever, between the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in any Year after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Morning; nor at any Time or Times whatsoever, between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in any Year after the Hour of Eight in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, upon pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Five Poundr.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Ships, Lighters, Barges, Boats, and other Vessels as shall respectively have on board any Gunpowder, exceeding the Quantity of One Pound shall respectively, before they enter into the present Harbour, or any of the said intended Docks, or of the Basons and Cuts which shall belong thereto, land and discharge all their Gunpowder, and unload and clear their Guns, and that no Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or combuttible Matter of any Kind, shall be suffered to be or remain on the present Quays or Wharfs, or the Quays or Whatfs intended to be built in or near the said Docks as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Docks, Basons, and Cuts, or any of them, above the Space of Twelve Hours; and that in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Matters, or other Things, or the Commander, Matter, or Mate of any such Ship or other Vessel, shall make Default herein, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

[Lor. Ss* Per.'] 4 T

Penalty against destroying the R pes of Vessels.

Regulations for preventing Accidents by Fiie.

Vessels to lanJ Gunpowder before entering the Dock Preraifes, nd other com-bultible Matter to be removed within 12 Hours.

362

Masters and Owners liable to a Penalty for keeping Lights, etc. on board Snips.

Bells to be rung to put eut Lights.

No combuC-tible Matter to be melted on board any Vessel within the Dock, etc.

Afiions to be brought in the Name of Clerk.

Commissioners' Costs to be paid out of Bates.

Ships or Vessels not to be used as a Store House.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Person who shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle, or Lamp lighted on board any such Ship or Vessel aforesaid cannot be discovered, then and in such Case the Master, or Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, shall be and is hereby declared tobesubject and liable to the aforesaid Penalty of Five Pounds.

XLVI. And, the better to make known the several Times when Fires and Candles shall beextinguished, as before directed, be it further enacted, That every Evening and Morning, at the Hours herein for the above Purposes appointed, a large Bell to be provided by the said Commissioners shall be rung for the Space of Ten Minutes at lealt, in the said Docks or Basons, or some of them, or in some Place contiguous or near adjoining thereto.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, ThatnoPitch, Tar, Rosin, Turpentine,* Oil, or other combustible Matter, shall, at any Time hereafter, be boiled or heated on board any Ship or other Vessel, Lighter, Craft, or Boac lying in the said Harbour, Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or other Works, or any of them, nor in any Place or Places within the said Dock or Bason, except in such Place or Places, and in such Manner, as shall be especially appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for that Purpose; nor shall any Gunpowder, or loaded Gun whatever, be brought into the said Docks, Basons, or Pier, or be suffered to remain on board any Ship or any other Vessel, or tipon the Quays or Wharfs, upon Pain that every Master, Commander, or Owner of every Ship or Vessel, so offending in Manner as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Action or Suit shall be brought by Order of the said Commissioners again!! any Person or Persons in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer on Behalf of the said Commissioners; and that no such Action or Suit shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Commissioners for the Time being.

XLIX. Provided always, That all Costs and Expences which shall be incurred, by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them in prosecuting or defending any Action or Suit, or Prosecution, touching the Execution of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel, shall upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be moored in the said Pier of Southampton, to be used as or in the Nature of a Siorehouse, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Week that the same shall be used for that Purpose, to be paid to the said Commissioners by the Owners or other Person or Persons having the Direction or Charge of such Ship or Vessel.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

LI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to hinder the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the said Town and County for the Time being, and their Successors, from receiving and recovering all such Arrears of Petty Customs, Wharfage, Anchorage, and Groundage as shall remain due and unpaid to them before the said Second Monday after the passing this Act.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to affect, prejudice, alter, abridge, or take away any Rights, Eftatts, Powers, Immunities, and Advantages or Privileges whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Mayor and Corporation of the said ToWn and County, or to any other Person or Persons whomsoever (except such as are hereby expressly taken away or altered), but that all such Rights, Estates, Powers, and Privileges shall continue in full Force and Effect, and may be exercised and enjoyed in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, concerning which no particular Direction hath been already given, shall, if the fame be not paid within Fourteen Days afrer the same shall have been demanded, be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Town and County of Southampton-, which Warrant they are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath before them made, which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer, provided the Offender or Offenders shall not, in the mean Time, have compounded or settled with the said Commissioners, which they are hereby empowered to do; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and also all other Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall, when recovered (after deducting all Damages and Rewards for the Prosecution of Offenders, and the Costs and Charges of Suit, and rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Parties whole Goods and Chattels shall be fib distrained and fold, the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted, in case the same shall exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings be paid to and for the Purposes of this Act; and in case no such Distress as aforesaid can be had, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Two or more Justices, by like Warrant or Warrants, to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol of the Town and County of Southampton, or House of Correction, for the Space of Thirty Days, without Bail or Mainprize, or for any less Time, at the Discretion of such Justices, unless the said Penalty and Charges shall be sooner paid and laiisfied.

LIV. And, for the moreeafy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may causethe Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; (videlicetJ,

363

Mayor, etc. to receive Arrears of Petty Customs.

Saving the Rights of all Pwrions.

Recovery and Application of Penalties,

All Fines above 40 s. to go for Injuries sustained to the Commissioners.

On Non-payment of Pe- naltiesliableto Commitment.

BE

36 4

Form of Conviction.

Penalties may be mitigated.

Parties aggrieved may appeal.

Cods of obtaining Act to be paid.

Proceedings not to be quashed.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of Form, nor Party mak-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

‘ t>E it remembered, that on the Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

B. is convicted before us, of His Majesty's Justices of the

‘ Peace for the Town and County of Southampton, [ Specifying the Offence,

and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Caje may

be']. Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year first: above ‘ mentioned.’

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them, by whom any Judgement, Sentence, or Determination, shall be given, pronounced, or made, from Time to Time, when they fee Cause, to mitigate, compound, or lelTen, any of the Penalties or Forfeitures as aforesaid, as he or they, in his or their Discretion, shall think fit, so as such Mitigation or Composition do not extend to remit aboveThreeFourth Parts of the Penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act! \ and that every such Mitigation or Composition shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Persons offending respectively for so much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lelfened, or remitted.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, or remain unsatisfied with the Judgement of the said Justices, or any of them, by reason of any Sentence or Judgement to be given or pronounced by them or any of them as aforesaid, or by any other Matter or Thing done by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the Town and County of Southampton, first giving Ten Days Notice of such Complaint or Appeal to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint is intended to be made, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint or Appeal; and in case of Conviction, to issue a Warrant or Warrants for the levying and enforcing Payment of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, by the Ways and Means before mentioned, together with such Costs and Charges to the Party in whose Favour such Appeal shall be determined as the Justices, in their said Sessions, shall order and direct; which Orders and Judgements relptctively shall be final and condusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or rc-moveable, by any Writ or Writs of Certiorari or otherwise, into any of His Majesty's Coutts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs Charges, and Expences of passing this Act, and incident to the applying for and obtaining thereof, or incurred in relation thereto, and in putting the fame into Execution, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the First Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this Act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Conviction. Judgement, Warrant, or other Proceedings before Justices of the Peace, to be had or made in pursuance of this Act, shall be quathed or vacated for want of Form; and that in all Cases where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor shall the Parties making the same

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ah initio, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, or Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, done by the Party or Parties dif-training, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by any such Irregularities, shall and may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in any Action upon the Cafe, the Venue whereof shall be laid in the said Town and County of the said Town of Southampton, or the next adjoining County, but not elsewhere; but no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceedings, in case proper Tender of Amends is made for the fame, and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Actions, by Leave of the Court where such Action or Actions shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Coure as in other Actions, wherein the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, until after Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall have been given or left at the ul'ual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons against whom such Action is intended to be brought thereby setting forth the particular Cause of such Action, nor after Tender of sufficicnc Amends hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Fadt commuted, or Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and in every such Action the Venue shall be laid in the Town and County of Southampton, or the next adjoining County, and not elsewhere, and shall not be changed; and the Deiendant or Defendants in every such Action, shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue, and under the Authority of this Act , and if upon the Trial of such Action, it shall appear to have been lo done, or that such Action shall be brought before the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the End of Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or Cause of such Action shall have arisen, or if the Venue in such Action shall be laid otherve lie than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cases the Jury on the Trial of Inch Action or Actions shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cases wherein a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the lame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonsuited; or if upon [Loc. S3* Per.] 4 Z Demurrer

$65

2rig it a Tits-palRr for i'ub-/irquent Irregularities.

Money may be paid into Court.

Proceedings

not to be removed by Certiorari

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Costs.

366

Vublick Act,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for recovering the fame, as Defendants have for recovering his, her, or their Coils in any other Cafe by Law,

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act-, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

, > .»Mi I i,' , f. di* ‘y *jf 1: O.

4 ' J

ftt If hfth

.5 >' fiv;R ' (»

r- 1 -

A TABLE

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

367

A TABLE

o t

The Rates, Dues, and Duties to be paid on all Goods exported or imported, for making a Harbour, SPc. for the Security of Ships at the Port of Southampton.

N.B. Goods brought and carried Coastwise to pay On£ Moiety of the following Rates, Dues, and Duties, except those particularly enumerated.

A.

Almonds. See Grocery.

Anchovies. See Fish.

Ale or Beer, the Hogshead

Allum, the Hundred Weight -

Anchors, the Hundred Weight Anvils, the Ton -

Apples and Pears, the Bushel Argol, the Hundred Weight -

Allies of all Sorts, the Hundred Weight

B.

Bark. See Oak Bark.

Battens and Balks. See Wood.

Blubber. See Oil.

Brandy. See Spirits.

Bacon, Beef, and Butter, the Hunched Weight Baggage or Luggage, the Parcel ‘

Ballast, Foreign or Coastwise, the Ton Barilla, the Hundred Weight -

Bays, Double -

- Single -

Bell Metal, the Hundred Weight Biscuit, the Hundred Weight Books, bound, the Hundred Weight

- unbound, the Hundred Weight

Bottles, French, the Dozen -

- of all other Sorts, the Dozen

Bran, the Quarter

Brals, new, the Hundred Weight Bricks, the Thousand -

Bnmftpne, the Hundred Weight

jr. r. d.

o 4

il

Bridles,

368

43° GEORGII in Cap. 2U

I- s.

o o o o o o O I

Bridles, the Hundred Weight

Brooms, the Gross.

Bullrulhes, the Load of 63 Bundles

Burr for Mill Stones, the Hundred Weight

C.

Calicoes. See Linen.

Canvas. See Linen.

Cloves, Cinnamon, and Currants. See Grocery. Cabbages, the Hundred -

Cables and Cordage, tarred or not, the Hundred Weight Calves, each -

Candles, the Hundred Weight Candlewick, the Hundred Weight

Cannons, the Hundred Weight

Cards, playing, the Gross -

Carpets, the Piece - -«

Chairs, the Dozen.

Chaise and Harness, Two Wheels

- Four Wheels

Charcoal, the Hundred Bufbels

Cheese, the Hundred Weight Cyder, the Hogshead -

Cloth out of Grain, the Piece

- in Grain, the Piece

Coals, Coastwise, the Bushel

- if exported -

Copper, wrought, the Hundred Weight

- unwrought, the Hundred Weight

Copperas, the Hundred Weight

Cordage, Twice laid, the Hundred Weight

Cork, the Hundred Weight.

Corn and Grain, viz. Barley, Beans, India Corn, Maize Oats, Pease, Rye, Wheat, Wheat Flour, and Malt, th Quarter ..

Ditto, Coastwise -

Ditto exported for the Bounty -

Cows, Bulls, and Oxen, each.

Coffee, the Hundred Weight Crate Rods, Posts, and Laths, the Bundle Crufes or Stone Cups, the Hundred -

D.

Damask and Dowlas. See Linen;

Deals. See Wood.

Drugs to be calculated at One Penny, for every Six Shillings and Eight-pence Value, by Declaration.

Dung, the Cart-load . o

d.

1

6

6

o

0 0 4

0 0 1

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 2 0

0 3 0

0 1 6

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 °T

0 0 0 r

0 0 2

0 0 I

0 0 3

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 2

Ermines.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. zi.

369

E.

Ermines. See Skins.

Earthenware, the Crate -

- the Hundred Pieces

Eggs, the Hundred, containing Six Score Elephants Teeth, the Hundred Weight

F.

Feathers, the Hundred Weight Fish, viz.

- Anchovies, the Barrel, containing Sixteen Pounds

Weight -

- Hake, Cod Fish, Ling, Haddocks, the Hundred Weight

- Green Fish, the Hundred Weight

- Salmon, the Barrel

- Herrings, the Barrel

- Sprats, the Last

Fishing Geer, the Hundred Weight Flannel, the Piece Flax, the Hundred Weight FuIlians, the Piece -

G.

Galls, the Hundred Weight Glass, the Cafe -

- the Side -

- the Crare -

Glue, the Hundred Weiaht

Glovers’ Clippings, the Hundred Weight

Gold wroughc, the Ounce

Grain for Dyers, the Hundred Weight

Grocery, viz.

- Almonds, the Hundred Weight

Cinnamons, Cloves, Mace, aot^ Nutmegs, the

Hundred Weight

- Pepper and Ginger, the Hundred Weight

- Currants, the Hundred Weight

- Dates and Figs, the Hundred Weight

- LiqUorice Root, the Hundred Weight

- Pimento and Plums, the Hundred Weight

- Prunes, the Hundred Weight

- Railins Common, the Hundred Weight

- of the Snn, the Hundred Weight

- Sugar Candy, the Hundred Weight

- Refined, the Hundred Weight

Raw, the Hundred Weight

Gunpowder, the Hundred Weight

ILoc. isf Per.]

c s. i.

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 3

0 0 0r

0 0 I

0 0 I

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 t

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 0 1

0 0 t

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 I 0

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 I

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 I

0 0 3

S'*

Haberdashery,

37°

43° GEORGII lit. Cap. 21.

H.

4 -1

Haberdashery, the Hundred Weight Hair, viz.

- Camel, the Hundred Weight

- Cow and Ox, the Hundred Weight

- Elk, the Hundred Weight

- Horse, the Hundred Weight

- Human Hair, the Pound

Hardware, the Hundred Weight Hats, the Dozen

Hemp, the Hundred Weight Hides Raw, and Coafiwile also Hoops Small, the Thousand

- the Load Pipe and Butt

- the Hogshead

- While, the Bundle

- Straight, the Bundle

Honey, the Barrel of 42 Gallons Hops, the Hundred Weight Horns, Ox and Cow, the Hundred Horses, Geldings, and Mares, each Houshold Goods, the Load

- *— or each Package

Hosiery, the Hundred Weight Hurdles, the Dozen

I.

Incle unwrought, the Hundredweight India Goods prohibited, the Ten Pieces Indigo, the Hundred Weight Iron, the Hundredweight Iron Pots, the Hundred Weight Iron Ware, the Hundred Weight Ivory, the Hundred Weight

K.

Kelp or Ware, the Hundred Weight

L.

Lace of Gold or Silver, the Pound Troy Lamp Black, the Hundred Weight Laths, the Thousand Lead, the Hundred Weight Lead Shot, the Hundred Weight Leather, the Hundred Weight Ditto, the Dicker (Ten Hides)

Lemons, the Thousand

Lime, the Quarter

Linen Yarn, the Hundred Weight

I- 5- d.

- 0 O 1

_ 0 O 3

- 0 O 2

- 0 O 2

- 0 O 2

- 0 O 1

- 0 O 2

- 0 O 1

- 0 O 1

- 0 O 1

- 0 ko 4

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 9

- 0 0 1

- 0 0 °i

- 0 0 6

- 0 0 4

- 0 0 t

- 0 I 0

- 0 2 0

- 0 O 2

- 0 O 2

" 0 O 2

0 O S

- 0 O 2

- 0 O 6

- 0 0

- 0 O 1

- 0 O 2

" c O 6

- 0 0

0 O 6

0 O 2

- 0 O I

- 0 O I

- 0 O I

0 0 1

- 0 O 2

- 0 O 4

- 0 0 I

« 0 O 2

Linen,

M.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Linen, viz.

- Calicoes, plain White, the Piece

- Printed, the ioo Square Yards

- Cambrics or Lawns, the Piece

- Hellian Canvas, the 120 Ells

- Damalk Tabling, the Piece -

- Diaper Tabling, the Piece

- DTilings, the 120 Ells

- Flanders and Holland Linen, the Piece

- Germany and East Country Cloth, except Russia

the 120 Ells ----- Irish Cloth, the Piece

- Russia Linen, the 120 Ells

- Ditto narrow

- Russia Sail Cloth, the 120 Ells

- British Sail Cloth, the 100 Ells

- French, Spanish, and Portugal Linen, the Piece

Linens of all Sorts, made of Hemp or Flax, British Manu

facture, the Piece, not exceeding 40 Ells Luggage and Baggage, the Parcel Lumber of all Sorts from America, according to the Mea sure of the Vessels, the Ton

Mace. See Grocery.

Mahogany. See Wood.

Malt. See Corn.

Malls. See Wood.

Madder, the Hundred Weight

Matts of Russia, the Hundred Mugs, the String - S,

N.

Nutmegs. See Grocery.

Nails, the Hundred Weight Nuts, the Bushel -

O.

Oak Boards and Timber. See Wood.

Oatsr See Corn.

QakBark, the Ton Oaker, the Hundred Weight Oakum, the Hundred Weight

Oil, the Chest

- Sallad Oil, the Hogshead

- Train Oil or Blubber, the Ton Olives, the Jar Onions, the Buthel Oranges, the Thousand Orchal and Orchelia, the Hundred Weight

37*

£ J. d.

O 0 I

0 0 6

0 0

0 0 8

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 0 I

0 0 6

0 0 2

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 I

0 0 3

0 I 0

0 0

0 0 I

j'j

0 I 6

o 0 I

0 0 I

0 ◦ 6

0 I 0

0 I 0

0 0 or

0 0 1

0 0 4

0 0 t

Pasteboard*.

372

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21#

p.

Pasteboards. See Wood.

Pears. See Apples.

Peale. See Corn.

Pepper and Prunes. See Grocery.

Planks. See Wood.

Pack Thread, the Hundred Weight Painters’ Colours, the Hundred Weight Paper, viz.

- Writing Paper, and all other Sorts, except Tobacco

and Packing Paper, the Ten Reams

- Tobacco and Packing Paper, the Ten Reams,

Coastwise -

- Sheathing Paper, the Hundred Weight

- Paper stained, the Hundred Square Yards

Parchment Shavings, the Basket -

Pewter, the Hundred Weight -

Pipes, Tobacco the Groce -

Pitch and Tar, the Barrel

- Ditto, Coastwise

Plaster of Paris, the Hundred Weight

Plate of Silver, the Hundred Dunces Pomegranates, the Thousand Pork, the Hundred Weight -

Potatoes, the Bushel -

Powder, viz.

- ' Hair Powder, the Hundred Weight

Quicksilver, the Pound Quills, the Thousand

R.

Raifwis. See Grocery.

Ropes. See Cables.

Rum. See Spirits.

Rye. See Corn.

Rags and Paper Stuff, the Hundred Weight Reeds or Canes, the Thousand Rice, the Hundred Weight Rosin, the Hundred Weight Rugs, Irish, the Piece

! If*

19 "ns 1

Or

Sail Cloth. See Linen. Silver. See Plate. Shot, See Lead.

Spars. See Wood. Spicks. Sec Grocery. Staves. See Wood.

Sugar

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Sugar refined, the Hundred Weight. 1 ~ r;rnrpru

- raw, the Hundred Weight. J5ee Ur0C

Salt, the Bushel

Saltpetre, the Hundred Weight Satin, the Piece

Seeds, all Seeds, the Hundred Weight Sheep, the Score

Shumack, the Hundred Weight -

Silks, viz.

- Raw Silk, the Hundred Weight ----- Stuffs of Silk only, the Pound

- i Silk Stockings, and fewingSilk, the Pound

- Silk and Incle, the Pound

- Silk and Worltead, the Pound

Skins, viz.

...Bear, Elk, Moose, Leopard, Sable, Panther,

Tyger, and Wolf’s Skin, the Skin

- Badger, Beaver, Buck or Deer, Fisher, Otter,

Seal, the Skin -

- Ermine, Cat, Fox, Matron, and Minks, the Dozen . Sheep, Goar, Lamb, and Kid Skins, the Dozen -

- Coney and Hare Skins, the Hundred, containing

Six Score -

- Calve Skins, the Dozen

- Skins, Spanish the Piece -

- Bourdeaux Skins, the Piece

Slates, the Thousand -

Soap, the Hundred Weight -

Spirits, viz.

- Arrack, Rum, Brandy, Geneva, and all other

Spirits, the Pipe, including Cranage

- Ditto, when not craned

Starch, the Hundred Weight

Steel, the Hundred Weight

Stockings of Worltead, for every Dozen Pair

Stones, viz.

- Emery Stones, the Hundred Weight

- Grinding Stones, the Chaldron

- Grave Stones, each

- Marble, the Hundred Weight

- Mill Stones, the Piece

- Paving Stones, the Hundred Weight

- PebbleStones, the Ton

- Querne Stones, the ia Pair

- Block Stones, the Ton

- Slick Stones and Whet Stones, the Hundred

Stuffs of all Sorts, made or mixed with Wool, the Piece

Succade, the Hundred Weight

Swan Skins, the Piece -

373

C j. d.

2

»T

Oi

6

3

2

I

OI

\Lec. & Per.]

SB

T urpentine

374

43° GEORGII III. Cap.*t.

Turpentine Oil. See Drugs.

Tallow, the Hundred Weighc Tar, the Barrel Tarras, the Hogshead Tea, the Hundred Weight -

Thrums, the Hundred Weight

Ticks for Beds, the Piece

Tiles* tire Thousand

Tiles^ square for paving, the Hundred

Tiles for Malt Kilns, the Hundred

Tin, the Hundred Weight

Tin Ware, the Hundred Weight

Tobacco-pipe Clay, the Hundred Weight

Tobacco, the Hogshead

Tongues and Sounds, the Hundredweight

Tortoise Shell, the Pound

Tow* the Hundred Weight

Treacle or Molasses, the Hundred Weight

Treenails or Tunnels, the Thousand

Turpentine, the Hundred Weight

Twine, the Hundred Weight

o

o

v.

di tfiia

Verdigrease, the Hundred Weight Vinegar, the Hogshead

W.

Wheat. See Corn.

Wax, the Hundred Weight -

Whale Fins, the Ton -

Waistcoats, knit, the Dozen

Wine of all Sorts, the Pipe, including Cranage

Ditto, when not craned -

Wine in Bottles, the Dozen

White Lead, the Hundred Weight

Wire* the Hundred Weight -

Woad, the Hundred Weight -

Wood, viz.

- Anchor Stocks, the Piece -

- Bilks, large, the 120

- Balks, small, the 120 -

- Battens, the 120

- Batten Ends, the 100 .

_______Beach and other Boards, except Wainfcoat, the 120

- Beach Rails, the iao

______- Pafie Boards, the Hundred Weight

_______Brazil and Box Wood, the Hundred Weight

_______Deals, above 20 Feet, the 120

_______ Ditto, above 14 and under 20 Peer, the 120

, /. a.

o 1

o 2 o 4

o 6

0 1

9 o{-

1 o O 2

» 2 o 2

O—2~

O Mr

2 O O I O 0-1-O I O I 0 2 «—1 O 2

o 6

1 6 Wood,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Wood, continued, viz.

- Deals, under 14 Feet, the 120 ----- Deal Ends, the 120 (Half) -

- Elm Boards, the 120 -

- Fire Wood, the Fathom

- Timber of all Sorts, the Load ----- Fir Quarters, the 120

- Fustick, the Hundred Weight

- Handspikes, the 120

- Lath Wood, the Fathom

- Lignum Vitte, the Hundred Weight

- Logwood, and other Dyers Wood, the Hundrec

Weight -

r ' Mahogany, the Ton

C Great

- Malts, the Piece Middle -

Small

- Oak, and other Plank, the Load

Oars, the 120 -

C Great

- Spars, the 120 < Middle.

((Small

- Staves, Pipe or Butt, the 120

- Hogshead, Ditto,)

- Barrel, Ditto, > the 120

- Heading, )

- Old, and old Headings, the 120

Users, Double, the 120

- Single, the 120

- / Wainfcoat Boards, the 100, of 12 Feet, and

1 Inch thick -

Wheel Spokes, the 120

Wool, the Tod

- Spanish, Inwards, the Hundred Weight

- Cotton, or any other Sore, the Hundred Weight

Y.

Yarn of all Sorts, the Hundred Weight

£ s. d.

O I 6

0 0 4

O 0 6

O 0 6

O I 0

O I 0

O 0 2

O 0 4

0 0 6

0 0 2

uni

0 0 2

0 2 0

0 0 8

0 0 6

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 1 0

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 1 0

0 0 9

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 1 6

0 0 2

0 1 0

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 0 2

A Tonnage Duty on all British Ships loading or unloading at the Quays, or in the Road, Two-pence per Ton each Voyage; Foreign Ships Double.

Colliers, Coasters, and short Traders allowed to compound at One Shilling per Ton per Annum.

Boomage Duty, in lieu of Harbour Dues, and of Anchorage and Groundage to be paid by all Ships coming within Caljhot Castle, and not belonging to the Port, videlicet,

£‘ s- d-

Under 50 Tons Above 50 and under 100 Above 100

Foreign Ships, Double.

o i 6

026

050

And

376

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

And if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into or intended to be exported out of, or brought or intended to be carried Coartwife -*ut of this Port, and omitted to be inserted in the foregoing Rates, the Nmmissioners shall be authorized to charge them with a Pier Duty r exceeding One Penny for every Six Shillings and Eight-pence real ord °fared Value, or in such other Manner as to them shall seem belt, so that the fame do not exceed the Rates hereby authorized in respect to Articles of a finnlar Nature or Value.

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, going Coastwise, the Weights whereof are not afetrtained by the King’s Beams, shall be charged by the Commissioners by the Bale, Cask, Cafe, Chert, Trunk, Basket, Parcel, or other Package containing the fame, so that the fame do not exceed the Rates hereby authorized in respect to Articles of a similar Nature or Value. a

Rates fot Warehouse Room. . ? 1

For all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence per Ton per Week, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton. -

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

A*

Cap. 22.

An Act for altering and amending the several Laws now in force, for enabling The Royal Canal Company to complete a Navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation, it is enacted, that so soon as any of the Subscribers to any of the Undertakings therein mentioned should be constituted and created into a Body Corporate, they should be and Hand inverted with and hold and enjoy all and Angular the like Powers, Privileges, Advantages, and Authorities in all Things, for the Purposes of carrying on the Navigation, and of Branches therein mentioned, as were before the parting of that Act verted in the Corporation for promoting and carrying on an Inland Navigation in Ireland, and as were then verted in the Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal for the Purpose of enabling them to carry on the said Canal: And whereas certain Persons having subscribed to an Undertaking for completing a Navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmon-[Loc. C# Per.] 5 C bury

19 Geo. 3. c 33.

Letter* Patent, Geo. 3.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

bury on the River Shannon, Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, bearing Date the First Day of October in the Twenty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, constituting such Subscribers a Corporation by the Name of The Royal Canal Company, were passed: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better enabling c. io. lecitul. j'hg Raya| Canal Company to carry on and complete the Royal Canal from the City of Dublin to Tarinonbury on the Pdver Shannon, the said Royal Canal Company are inverted with farther Powers for effecting the Objects of the said Acts of Parliament and Letters Patent: And whereas the Provisions of the said Acts, and of the said Letters Patent, have been found inadequate to the good Government of the Affairs of the said Company: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and lemporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Directois. fame, That a General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors shall be holden on the Fourth Monday after the passing of this Act, for the Purpose of electing Fifteen Directors for the Management of the Affairs of the said Company; and the said Company shall at such Assembly proceed to elect and choose by Ballot, and they are hereby required to elect and choose, by a Majority of the Votes of the Members of the said Company then present, either in Person or by Proxy, Fifteen Persons, being Members of the said Company, to the Office of Directors of the said How to be Company; and in case no such Election of such Fifteen Directors shall be then made, then and in such Case another General Assembly of the said Company shall be holden on the following Monday for the Purpose of making such Election; and in case no such Election shall then be made, then and in such Case another Assembly of the said Company shall be holden on the following Monday, and so toties quoties until such Fifteen Directors shall be elected and chosen , and such Fifteen Persons, so elected and chosen Directors, shall continue in Office from the Time of such Election until the Fourth Monday in the Month of January which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and four, and until the fame Persons respectively or others shall be duly chosen in their respective Places, and sworn into the fame, unless they or any of them shall sooner die, resign, become disqualified, or be removed as herein-after mentioned; and, from and after the Election of such Fifteen Persons as Directors, all the Powers and Authorities of the present Directors of the said Company shall cease and be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

For choosing

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Election of new Directon. ^he First Fifteen Directors as aforesaid, all succeeding Directors of the said Company shall be yearly chosen out of the Members of the said Company, on the Fourth Monday in the Month of January in every Year, by the Majority of the Votes of the Members of the said Company present, either in Person or by Proxy; but in case no such Election of such Fifteen Directors shall be then made, then and in such Case another General Assembly of the said Company shall be holden on the following Monday for the Purpose of making such Election; and in case no such Election shall then be made, then and in such Case another

Assembly

378

30 Geo. 3.

379

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

A (Terribly of the said Company shall be holden on the following Monday, and so toties quotks until such Fifteen Directors shall be elected and chosen; which Directors so chosen shall severally continue in Office for One Year, and until the fame Persons respectively or others shall be duly chosen and sworn into their Places respectively as aforesaid, unless in case of Death, Resignation, Disqualification, or Removal: Provided always, that no Person shall at any Time be capable of being chosen a Director of the said Company, unless he shall, at the Time of such Election, have in his own Name and Right, and shall continually have had for Six Calendar Months next preceding such Election, in his own Name and Right, One thousand two hundred Pounds at lead in the Capital Stock of the said Company; and that no Person shall continue to be a Director of the said Company longer than he shall remain possessed of Capital Stock to that Amount in his own Name and Right; and in case any Person, who shall have been chosen a Director by virtue of this Act, shall cease to be so possessed of so much of the said Stock as shall amount to the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds, in his own Name and Right, then and in every such Case every such Person shall cease to be a Director of the said Company, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to choose and ele6T any other Person qualified as aforesaid in his or their Room or Stead.

III. And be it further enacted, That so often as the Office of Director shall become vacant by Death, Resignation, Disqualification, or Removal, the Survivors of such Directors, or the Majority of those remaining in Office, or any Five of more of them, shall and they are hereby required, within Thirty Days after such Vacancy shall happen, to call an Assembly of the said Company, in order to cleft a Person or Persons to be a Director or Directors in the Room or Stead of the Person or Persons who shall have died, resigned, become disqualified, or been removed; and the said Company, when so assembled, shall, and they are hereby required to elect a Person or Persons, qualified as aforesaid, in the Room or Stead of the Person or Persons who shall have died, resigned, become disqualified, or been removed as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons so elected shall continue in Office until the next annual Election of Directors of the said Company, and no longer, unless he or they shall be re-elected at such Election: Provided always, that no Person so chosen a Director of the said Company (except as herein is excepted) shall be capable of acting in the Execution of the said Office of Director, until he shall have taken the Oath for made the Affirmation being a Quaker) following; videlicet,

r A.B. do swear, [or, if a Quaker, do affirm}. That the Sum of

A of the Capital Stock of The Royal Canal

Company, in Right whereof I am elected and chosen to be a Director of ‘ the said Company, doth at this Time belong to me in my own Right, ‘ and that I do not hold the fame in Trust for any other Person or Persons

whomsoever; and that in case I shall at any Time, during the Time for

which I have been elected and chosen a Director of the said Company, f cease to possess in my own Right the full Sum of

in the said Capital Stock of the said Company, I will ‘ immediately thereupon disclose the same to the Court of Directors, and

9 ‘ to

Qualifications of Directors.

Notice to be

git/tn rtf Death or Re-(gnanon ot Directors.

Directors required to take an Oath.

Oath

380

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

to the Secretary or Secretaries of the said Company; and that I will

faithfully, honestly, and impartially, execute the said Office of Director ‘ of the said Company, and execute the several Powers thereby reposed in ‘ me for the good Government and Benefit of the said Company, according to the bell of my Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Affec-‘ tion to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD.’

By whom to Which said Oath or Affirmation to be taken or made by the said Direc-!teredmini tors to e'e^ed and chosen, shall and may be administered by any Mailer of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland; and such Oath or Affirmation of any future Director shall and may be administered by the Directors of the said Company for the then last preceding Year, or any Two or more of them, and the said Persons respectively are hereby authorized and required to administer the said Oath or Affirmation accordingly.

in c?fe Per-

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall hereafter DiTectori'do he e^e^e<^ a Director of the said Company as aforesaid, shall, for the rot take the Space of One Calendar Month after such Election, if at the Time of Oath. such Election he shall be in Ireland, or for the Space of Six Calendar

Months after such Election, if at the Time of such Election he shall not be in Ireland, neglect or refuse to take the Oath or Affirmation herein-before appointed to be taken or made as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Person so neglecting or refusing shall cease to be a Director of the said Company, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, and they are hereby required, at a General Assembly of the said Company to be holden for that Purpose, to elect another Person, qualified as aforesaid, to be a Director in the Room or Scead of every such Person so neglecting or refusing.

Meeting* of Directors.

Salaries to Officer s.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, at all convenient Times and Places, to assemble for the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the said Company, and that such Directors, when so assembled, shall have full and exclusive Power to create and institute, or to abolish from Time to Time all such Offices under the said Company as they shall think it necessary or conducive to the Interest or well being thereof so to create, institute, or abolish; and they the said Directors shall also have full Power to annex to every Office under the said Company such Salary or Reward, or Salaries or Rewards, out of the Funds of the said Company, and to increase or diminish the Salary of any of the said Officers from Time to Time as they shall think proper; and they the said Directors are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint, suspend, or remove the Treasurer, and all Officers and Servants of the said Company; and that every Treasurer, Officer, and Servant of the said Company, when duly appointed, shall continue in such Situation until he shall be removed therefrom, without any new Appointment save as herein-after mentioned, and that the said Company shall in no Sort interfere with any of the said Matters; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 281

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and o.fficers,°.

for the said Court of Directors, in the Name of the said Company, to s, Te Secu^/'

require and take from each and every Officer of the said Company such

Security by Bond, with One or mote such Sureties, and in such Sum or Sums as they the said Directors shall think proper; and every such Bond shall be conditioned for the faithful Discharge of his Office.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such Treasurer, and all such Offieento Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands,

at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Directors, or

any Five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Treasurer, Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof has been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and every such Treasurer, Officer, and Person, shall, upon Oath, (which Oath any One or more of the said Directors is hereby empowered to administer), verify their respective Accounts; and if any such Treasurer, Officer, or Person, shall refuse or neglect to verify upon Oath his or their Account or Accounts, or to produce or deliver up such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after being the reunto required by the said Directors, all Books,

Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Art, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies, as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Directors, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, the said Directors may and they ate hereby authorized to bring or cause to be brought ahy Action or Actions against the Treasurer,

Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, >n the Name of the said Company of Proprietors, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Directors, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Treasurer, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Treasurer, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by [Lw. Per.~\ S & virtue

382

Powers of tht Directors.

Bye-Laws to be lub nitted to a General Meeting.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Officer of Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons reflectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Treasurer, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of levying the fame, or if such Treasurer, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall Hill persist in refusing or neglecting to deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid to the said Directors, or as they shall appoint, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give a true and perfect Account and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Directors for such Money and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoinr, which Composition the said Directors are hereby empowered to make and receive, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Directors.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors, or any Five or more of them so assembled, shall and may exclusively direct and manage the Affairs of the said Company; and for the well ordering and managing thereof shall, in the Name of the said Company, have, enjoy, perform, and execute all the Powers, Authorities, and Privileges of the said Company, and do all Acts and Things in relation thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said Company could or might have done previous to the passing of this Act, except as herein excepted or otherwise provided.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors, or any Seven of them, shall have full Power and Authority to enact, alter, or repeal any Bye-Law or Bye-Laws when they shall think it for tht Advantage, Benefit, or good Government of the said Company so to do; but no such Bye-Law or Bye-Laws shall be enacted, altered, or repealed, until the same shall have been fubtnitted by the said Court of Directors to a General Meeting of the said Company, to be duly called for that Purpose, and if the same shall be confirmed by a Majority of Votes at such Meeting, then and in every such Case, every such Bye-Law so enacted or altered and confirmed, and every Repeal of a Bye-Law so made and confirmed, shall from thenceforth be of the fame Force and Validity, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the fame would have been if duly made by the said Company before the passing of this Act; and from and after the passing of this Act no Bye-Law shall be made, altered, or repealed by or for the said Company in any other Manner whatsoever; and every Bye-Law, when so confirmed, shall, within Ten Days after the same shall have been so confirmed, be printed for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors: Provided always, that the Bye-Laws which have been heretofore enacted by the said Company shall be as valid and binding in Law as if this Act had not been made, until the same shall be

3&3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

To altered or repealed, notwithstanding any Informality or Defect in the enacting thereof, or in the Performance of any previous Requisites thereto: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or Directors not be construed to extend so as to give the said Directors any Power or ^iem^fslge Authority to mortgage, encumber, or alien the Lands or Tolls of the ' 5‘

said Company, or to demise any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the said Company, or to borrow any Money, or make any Addition to the Stock of the said Company, or to farm or lease the Tolls of Passage Boats, or any other Tolls, Profits, or Property of the said Company, without the previous Approbation or Concurrence of the said Company for that Purpose had and obtained at a General Meeting of the fame specially summoned by the said Court of Directors for that Purpose.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall Once in Meeting* of every Six Months, at Two General Meetings of the said Company, to ^hen'i'o be"^ be holden on the Third Monday in the Month of January, and on the holden.

Third Monday in the Month of July, in each and every Year, declare

to the said Company at such respective Meetings the Dividend (if any) for the then preceding Half Year, and on such Third Monday in the Month of January shall also report the State of the Works of the said Company.

XI. And be it further enacted, That ic shall and may be lawful to Directors artd for the said Directors, or any Seven of them assembled as aforesaid, omeiaTm°* to summon a General Meeting of the said Company as often as they shall Meetings, fee Cause.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Director shall have more chairman to than One Vote in any Court of Directors, save and except the Chair- Vevt0ht'calt* man of the said Directors, who shall, in case of an Equality of Votes ’S

upon any Question which may be agitated in the said Court, over and above his Vote as a Director, have the decisive or calling Vote.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Directors to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them assembled as Rules aforesaid, to make Rules or Regulations for the Government of the said Government! Directors, and such Rules or Regulations shall continue in Force and

Effect until the same shall be changed or refeinded by a like Number of Directors assembled as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors, or any Chairman to Seven or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to choose ^Directors, out of the said Directors a Chairman and Deputy Chairman, which Chairman, or in his Absence the Deputy Chairman, shall preside at all Meetings of the said Directors at which such Chairman or Deputy Chairman shall be present; but in case of the Non-attendance of such Chairman or Deputy Chairman at the Time appointed for the Meeting of such Directors, then and in every such Case the said Directors (o assembled may choose One other of the said Directors to preside in the Place of such Chairman at such Meeting.

3&4

One of 'he Directors to prefi.de at all Meetings of the Company.

In case of an Equality of Votes for Chairman.

Directors not to p- efide when om-plaims are neard f the Conduct of Direr or*. Majority df Votes to decide Questions.

Ko Business to be entered on but that for whic the Meeting was fuminoned.

Boole of Accounts to he left wi h 'he Clerk for the Inspect on of the Proprietors.

4.3° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

XV. And be it further enacted, That at all Assemblies of the said Company such Chairman, or in his Absence such Deputy Chairman, or in their Absence One other of the said Directors to be nominated by the Majority of Votes of the Company then assembled in Person or by Proxy shall preside: Provided always, that, if at any such Election of a Chairman or Deputy Chairman, any Two or more Persons shall appear to have an equal Number of Votes, and no other Person shall have a greater Number of Votes, then and in every such Case such of the said Persons so having an equal Number of Votes as shall then be possessed of the largest Quantity of the said Stock of the said Company shall be declared duly elected to such Office; and if any Two or more of the said Persons shall also in that Respect be equal, then and in every such Case such of the said Persons so being equal as to Quantity of Stock, who shall be the oldest Proprietor of Stock of the said Company, shall be declared duly elected to the said Office: Provided also, that no Chairman, Deputy Chairman, or Director, shall preside at any Assembly of the said Company assembled for the Purpose of hearing any Complaint against such Chairman, Deputy Chairman, or Director.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That at every General Meeting of the said Company, every Question shall be decided by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present; and that every Proprietor of Stock of the said Company shall have a Vote at every such Meeting for every Six hundred Pounds of such Stock of which he shall so be Proprietor, and fvhich he shall have had for Six Calendar Months preceding; provided nevertheless that no Person shall be entitled to have more than Thirteen Votes in his own Right, nor shall any Person give or deliver in Proxies for more than Thirteen Shares.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no General Meeting of the said Company shall be holden, save and except such only as shall be holden pursuant to the Directions of this Act; and that at no such General Meeting shall any Business whatsoever be done or entered upon, save and except the Business for which such Meeting shall be called or assembled as aforesaid, and save and except such Business as shall be duly submitted to the Consideration of such Meeting by the said Court of Directors.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said DirectoTS shall and they are hereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, an Account of all Monies whatever received and disbursed by them as Directors of the said Company; which R<»k or Books of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Secretary to the said Company of Proprietors, and be open for the Inspection of any of the said Company of Proprietors without Fee or Reward, for Fourteen Days preceding the Third Monday in the Month of January, ('Sundays excepted) in each and every Year, from Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon until Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, and from Six of the Clock in the) Evening until Ten of the Clock at Night; and in case the said Directors^ or their said Secretary, shall neglect to procure and keep such Book or Books of Accounts as aforesaid, or refuse the Inspection thereof to any of the said Proprietors at such Hours and Times as aforesaid, or shall refuse any such Proprietor to makf Extracts from such Book or Books

without

43° GEORGII TIL Cap. 22. 385

without Fee or Reward, the Party or Parties so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, before fomejustice of the Peace for the said County of Dublin, such Fine or Forfeiture shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines or Forfeitures, and the F.xpences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whensoever any Commons or Right of Common Land, or any Land or Ground, shall be conveyed to the said ^cfnat Royal Canal Company by private Contract, and without any Valuation thereof by a Jury, and without any valuable Consideration Iona fide paid

for the fame, then and in every such Case the Right of fishing or fowling in the several Cuts and Drains to be made upon, in, and through every such Common, Ground, and Land, pursuant to this Act, shall belong to the Lord or Lords, Owner or Owners, of the Soil of the said Commons, Lands, or Grounds, such Owner or Owners being duly qualified by Law to use or exercise such Right.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty for at any Time hereafter maliciously cut, break down, burn, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Engine, Floodgate, Ebbgate, Lock, Sluice, Tunnel,

or Bridge, already made or erected, or which shall at any Time hereafter be erecting or making, or made or erected, supported, or maintained, for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, or of the said Company, every Person or Persons so offending, being convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Case of Felony; and the Court by or before whom any such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny; and if any Person or Persons shall maliciously flop, dam up, or damage, any River, Drain, Watercourse,

Door, Dam, Bridge, or other Work or Works already made or erected, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported or maintained, for answering any of the Purposes aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons so offending, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Place, or Liberty, wherein such Offence shall be committed,

(who are hereby required to hear and determine the fame), on the Oath [Loc. & Per.] 5 £ of

386

Costs of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds to the Informer who shall first sue for the same; and in Default of Payment thereof, the Person or Persons so offending shall be committed to the Gaol of the County, City, or Liberty, where such Offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as such Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall, in the First Place, be paid and defrayed out of any of the Monies belonging to the said Company of Proprietors.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed to be a publick Act; and all Courts, Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

ft*4HMH|(*»jM*H*H|t

Cap. 23.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road through Ilminster to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Peafte Marfti Lane to Horton Elmy and from Saint Rane Hill to Ilminster, and from White Crofts to Chillington Down, and from a Place called "Three Oaks, over llftord Bridges, to Old Way, and from The Crofts Keys to Catharine Wheely in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Somerftet.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing u Geo. j. and widening the Roads from the East hndof the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through Ilminster to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease [Lee. & Per.] 5 F Marsh

390

Trustee!.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to llminster, and from White Cross to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross, in the County of Soinerfet, certain Powers and Authorities were given to certain Trustees therein named, for the Purposes of widening, altering, repairing, and maintaining the said Roads: And whereas the said Trullees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Crtdic of the Tolls granted thereby, which Money is ftiil due and owing, and the said Roads are now very much out of Repair, and it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and other and additional Powers granted; and it would be attended with great Convenience to the circumjacent Country if Powers weregivenfor the amending, widening, and repairing a certain Branch of Road, being in Length about Six Furlcags and Eleven Perches, leading from a certain House called Cross Keys, to Catharine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the said County of Somerset; but as such several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Cotnmons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Lord Viscount Hinton, the Honourable Vere Paulett, Sir John Trevelyan Baronet, Richard Abraham Clerk, Thomas Abraham, Samuel Alford Clerk, Thomas Alford Clerk, Robert Bagshot, Edward Baker, John Baker senior, John Baker junior, William Banger, Robert Bartlett, William Abraham Bartlett, Joseph Bragg senior, Joseph Bragg junior, James Bryant, Robert Jeane Bryant, Benjamin Chaffey, Richard Chaffey, John Chaffey, John Chambers, John Reed, Clerk, Theophilus Clarke, Henry Powell Collins, John Collins, John Collins junior, John Raw Colins, Thomas Collins, {Chard), Thomas Collins, {llminster), Robert Calmer, Edward Combe, Richard Thomas Combe, John Cooke, Thomas Cooper, Jonathan Croft, William Elisha De Vifme, John Donne, William Donne, John Eason, John Baker Edmonds, Charles Edwards, Stephen England, Joseph Feltham, John Fewtrell Clerk, William Gray, John Hallett, Edmund Trowbridge Halliday, John Halliday, John Hanning, William Hanning, Philip Hext, Thomas Hopkins, Thomas Hojkins, William Hofhins, William House, Charles Hull, William Hunt, Thomas Hutchings, Wiliam Hutchings, Norris Jego junior, John Jesse, Nathaniel Knott, Thomas Langdon. William Lang-don Clerk, James Thomas Benedictus Marwood, John Mitchell Clerk, George Notley Clerk, ----- Palmer Clerk, Peter Patten, John Perkins, Wil-

liam Phelips Clerk, Charles Phelips Clerk, John Prowse, James Quantock, Matthew Quanlcck, Thomas R off ter, William Rojftter, Robert Hooper Stott, Robert blatter, Thomas Slatter, Samuel Slee, William Speke, Henry Stam bury Clerk, Samuel Stuckey, George Stuckey (Son of Samuel), Christopher Tate he!I Clerk, John Templeman, Wiliam Thomas, Richard Toller, Ed-wstrd Troyte Clerk, Sydenham Frampton Vere, John Vincent, Timothy Wallington, William Walters, John Tyndale War re, John Wheadon, Henry Whitmarsh, Samuel Wills, and James Willy, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein directed, shall be and they are hereby declared

to

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

39l

lo be Trustees for amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the several District* of Roads herein-after mentioned, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Part and Parts of the said Roads <ii. Roads leading from the East End of the Town of Chard, to the South West Corner of the Market House in the Town of liminster, in the said 1 '1 ' County of Somerset, and from the West End of Peaje Merjh Lane, in the Par:(h of liminster, through the Parish of Donyatt, to a Place called Horton Elm, in the said Parish of liminster, all in the County of Somerset, shall be the Eirft District of the said Roads, and shall be known and called by the Name of The Southern District; and such Part and Parts of the said southern Roads lending from the said South West Corner of the said Market House Di!lriet > in the said Town of liminster, to the South End of a certain Moor commonly called West Moor, all in the County of Somerset, shall be the Second District of the said Roads? and shall be called and known by the Name of The Northern District; and such Part and Parts of the said Roads leading Northfni from the West End of the Teovil Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Brimp- Dittricti ton, through the Parishes of Odcombe, Montacute, East and West Stoke, (commonly called The Lower Way) over South Petherton Bridge, to the West End of the said Market House in the said Town of Dtninster, and from a certain Place called White Cross, near Lopen, through the Parish of Dinnington, to the Turnpike Road on Chillington Down, all in the County of Somerset, shall be the Third District of the said Roads, and shall be called and known by the Name of The Eastern Di/lriEl; and such Part and Eattern Parts of the said Roads leading from the said West End of the said Market House in the said Town of liminster, to a certain Place called Kenny Gate, in the Parish of AshiU, and from a certain Place called Three Oaks, in the said Parish of Ashill. to the Turnpike at Old Way, and from a certain Publick House called The Cross Keys, in the said Parish of Ashill, to a certain Place called The Catharine Wheel. in the said Parish of Ashill, all in the said County of Somerset, shall be the Fourth District of the said Roads, and shall be called or known by the Name of The Western DiJlriEl; and We(lern such Part and Parts of the said Roads leading from the Turnpike Road on District; Saint Rare Hill, through Kingstone, to a certain Publick House called The White Horse, at the Ealt End of the said Town of liminster, all in the County of Somerset, shall be the Fifth District of the said Roads, and shall be called and known by the Name of The Kingstone DiJlriEl. Diinci*

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees shall be No Art v». or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the lame be done at 1,d at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be '1 " herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (the Number of such lhuftees present at whole Num-such Meeting not beingless than Five); and all the Orders and Proceedings of i^n the major Part of such Trustees present at such their several Meetings, Five, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted).

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Disability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors, tee.*,

to

392

Qualification of Tiuf-toes.

AW Acts of Truitts not qialified, if doner before Conviction, vulid.

Victuallers, etc. incapable of acting.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, to act in the Execution of (his Act, then and and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of each Trustee so dying, or refusing, or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, shall be affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Market House of the said Town of Ilminster, and on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be Handing on the said Roads, at least Twenty-one Days before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid shall be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whole room or Head he shall have been so elected: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons hereby nominated, or elected or appointed a Trustee or Trustees by virtue of this Act, shall neglect to ad in the Execution thereof for the Space of Three Years, such Neglect shall be and be deemed to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Perfirnal Estate of the Value of Two thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the dear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds; and jf any Person, not being so qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of chis Ad.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Cooviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Dirediuns of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he. (he, or they Avail keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail;

393

43° GEORGII III. Cfy. 23.

but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they employ a Person or fiersons to collect such Tolls, who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees, as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the George Inn, in the said Town oillminster, in the said County of Somerset, on the Saturday Fortnight after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven in the f orenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and shall then and there proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint theft next Meeting to be holden there, or at such other Place near to any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and the said Trustees shall also hold Four General Quarterly Meetings in each and every Year at the George Inn at Umnfter aforesaid; or at such other Place to be appointed as aforesaid, on the First Saturday in the Month of November; on the First Saturday in the Month of February; on the First Saturday in the Month of May; and on the First Saturday in the Month of August, in each and every Year; and if it shall so happen, that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to ad in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day within Fifteen Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause publick Notice thereof, signed by him, to be affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Market House of the said Town of Ilminster, and on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at lead Seven Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and that the said Trustees shall, at their several Meetings, defray their own Expences; and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this Act, shallberevoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unlessat a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor uniel's Notice in Writing, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, be affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Market House in the said Town of Ilminster, and on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be handing on the said Roads, at lead Fourteen Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless the Number of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting, desiring or voting for such Alteration or Revocation, shall exceed the Number of Trustees who concurred in making such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding.

[Loc. fV.] 5 G

Trustees may act as Justices except where personally interestea.

First Meeting of the Trustees.

Trustees to defray their own Expences.

No Order to be revoked unit ft a greater Number of the Trustees than made the Order concur.

394

Proceedings to be entered.

Entries of Pn-ceedinos under former Act, good.

Trustees to appoint Officers,

and remove them, and may allow them Salaries.

Trustees to take Security tromthe Treasurer.

Offrers to account.

Treasurer to a count on Oarh, if required.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. iz.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Trustees then present, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall, at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Book and Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings of any of the Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Act, made in the Twenty-fir A Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to the Direction of, and made Evidence by the said recited Act) shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of all such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively as ihey shall fee Occasion, and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Office s respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and difbutfed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said 1'rullees. or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the First Saturday in the Month of February yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following, (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees; lay his Accounts be-t fore the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and

allowed

395

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

allowed by them, if approved of 5 and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if itny such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and Tender, or to verify upon Oath any such Accounr, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees (or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same) within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees (by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer) all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Officer so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer Can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, iliill be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, which Competition the said Trustees are hereby required to make and receive, and until he (h -.11 deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect: thereof to the said Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treasurer and Treasurers, Clrrk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and Persons appointed by virtue of, or acting, or who have acted in Execution of the said recited Act, who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power any Monies collected by virtue of, or any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Act, shall, when there-

8 unto

Officers a fling under the Act repealed to account to the Trustees under this Act.

396

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

unto required by Notice in Writing signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said Act, and all the Books, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Mo. nies received or disbursed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto; and every such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Person so accounting shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify all their said Accounts; and if any such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person shall refuse or wilfully neglect to ftiake and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforesaid all Books, Papers, and Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Act, or give Satisfaction to the said 1 rustees in respect of the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Treasurer, Clerk, Or other Person so refusing or neglecting shall be or refute (upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose) and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant undef his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refuting or neglecting, to appear before him, and upon hie appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oacn (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of the said recited Act shall be due from such 1 reasurer. Clerk, or other Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person as aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person can be found sufficient to answer and satisiy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the f3tne as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of the said recited Act shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and in every such Case, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Hace where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition in Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered t<S make and receive), and until he shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, 8 and

397

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and On the Death or any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at any ^atefwo Meeting, upon the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapability to act of i ruitees may any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, to nominate and appoint some "noth-r*until other fit Person in his or her Place until the next Meeting of the Trustees ,h= next of the said Roads, which Person so to be nominated and appointed, shall M;e *ng. have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person in whose room or stead he or she shall be so appointed; and that if any Collector of the said Tolls, who shall be ir di;-ch discharged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall refuse to de- Gatekeeper liver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances,

which he or she enjoyed in right of his or her Appointment to that Office, House, £V. within Two Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll House in Writing, under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premii'es by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House,

Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Two Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid, shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll House, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Toll House shall stand or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector of the said Tolls in Possession thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time, as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the I eflee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls foleased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said 1 rustees is subject or liable to.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may continue such and so many of the Turnpikes erected by virtue of the said recited Act, and shall and may erect or cause to be erected such and so many new Turnpikes to secure the Tolls hereby granted upon or across the said Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near, unto, or across any

[hoc. & Per.] 5 H Lanes

Lefties of Tolls may appoint Persons to receive the lame.

Treftces empowered to erect Turnpikes anti Toll Houses, and receive Tolls.

398

T oils*

Additional Toll on Carriages employed in conveying Timber.

Tolls vested in the Trustees.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, as they shall think proper, and shall and may continue such and so many of the Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said recited Act, and shall and may erect such and so many new Toll Houses as they shall think proper, and shall and may, in Manner herein directed, purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and shall and may cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes the Tolls following, before any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Vis-a-vis, Chariot, Chaise, Phaeton, Sulky, Chair, Whilky, Calash, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Putt, Dray, or other Carriage whatsoever, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing singly, and not in Pairs or abreast, any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing in Pairs or abreast, any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And, for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, between the First Day of November and the last Day of February in each and every Year, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Toll Gatherers or Gate Keepers to demand and take for each and every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying any Timber, Tree, or Trees, a Toll equal to One Half in Addition to the Toll which otherwise might be demanded and taken for such Horse or other Beast of Draught: Provided always, that no such additional Toll shall be demanded or taken, save and except there shall be Two or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught in any such Carriage.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Roads, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall, by virtue of this Act, be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the Toils hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or

399

43° GEORGII IK. Cap. 23.

or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful

to and for such Collector to seize and distrain, or cause to be seized and didrained any Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Fire Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing and dilfraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Beads, or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements so seized and didrained, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for didraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall In case of arise about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping and ce!mng roils felling any Didrefs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or and charges, Person didraining, to retain the Didrefs, or the Money arising from the be'iby° Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls or Charges of didraining a justice and felling the Didrefs, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Dispute shall happen to arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Didrefs and Sale, and all other reasonable Cods; all which Sum or Sums, so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Collector, before he shall be obliged to return the said Didrefs, or the Overplus after Sale thereof or of any Part thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Turnpikes, the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings, with the Ground, th*Tiuftee. Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively, and of all Mile Stones

and Pods erected by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements which shall be provided for making and repairing the said Roads by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, shall be veded in the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to cause any Actions to be brought, and any Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person or Persons who shall deal, break down, take away, injure, or spoil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile Stones, Pods, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Tolls to be tained shall extend or be condrued to extend so as to enable any Collector tak£n

of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One in"ufe ftmY Day, (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Diffriflof Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons Ko,d' for or in respect of the fame Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, passing and repassing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike on the fume Didrict of-‘the said Roads; all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll has been paid in that Day on such Didrict of the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Toll.

400

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Trustees may exempt Person* piying Tolls ort the Northern District from

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the find Trustees, and they are hereby empowered in case they shall think proper, from Time to Time to order and direct, that if any Person or Persons shall have paid any Toll or Tolls at a certain Gate on ing on die called The Oldway Gate, now erected on the said Northern District of the Dittliet? said Roads, for or in respect of any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, in any Day, no Toll shall be demanded or taken from any such Person or Persons for or in respect of the fame Horse, Beast, or Cattle, on the same Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night, to Twelve of the Clock the succeeding Night) passing and repassing through a certain Gate called The Catherine Wheel Gate, now erected on the said Western District of the said Roads, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that such Toll or Tolls hath or have been paid on that Day, on such Northern District of the said Roads, which Ticket the Collector of the said Tolls is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Toll or Tolls; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to cause the full Tolls given and granted by this Act to be again demanded and taken at the said Catherine Wheel Gate: Provided always, that no such exemption from such Toll or Tolls shall take place, or any such Exemption from any such Toll or Tolls cease, save and except Three Weeks Notice at the lead in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall have been affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Market House of the said Town of Ilminster, and on the said Oldway Gate, and on the said Catherine Wheel Gate, previous to such Exemption taking place, or such Exemption ceasing.

Trustees may

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to 'onsmPj mf" an^ ^or Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in cale they

TollsPon Uie shall think proper, from Time to Time to order and direct, that if any Per-We®ein Dif- son or Persons shall have paid any Toll or Tolls at a certain Gate paying on the called The Catherine Wheel Gate, now erected on the said Western District of the said Roads for or in respect of any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, in any Day, no Toll shall be demanded or taken from any such Person or Persons for or in respect of the fame Horse, Beast, or Cattle on the same Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night, to Twelve of the Clock the succeeding Night) passing and repairing through a certain Gate called The Oldway Gate, now erected on the said Northern District of the said Roads, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that such Toll or Tolls hath or have been paid on such Western District of the said Roads, which Ticket the Collector of the said Tolls is hereby required to deliver gratis, on Payment of the said Tolls; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to cause the full Tolls given and granted by this Act, to be again demanded and taken at the said Oldway Gate: Provided always, that no such Exemption from such Toll or Tolls shall take place, or any such Exemption from such Toll or Tolls cease, save and except Three Weeks Notice at the lead in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall have been affixed on some conspicuous Part of the Market House of the said Town of Ilminster, and on the said Oldway Gate, and on the said Catherine Wheel Gate, previous to such Exemption taking place, or such Exemption ceasing.

Northern

Dittiict.

4

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

XXVI. And whereas the Payment of the said Tolls may be evaded or greatly lessened by the Passage of Cattle and Carriages from Knowle Lane across Chard Common, and also through a Lane called Stockham Lane, between the said Common and Clayhanger Common; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause such Trenches, Ditches, and Fences to be made, continued, and maintained from each Corner of the said Lane called Knowle Lane, across the said Common, to the said Road leading from Chard to Iiminster, and also on the Side of such Road, and likewise the said Lane called Stockham Lane to be fenced or Hopped up, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully damage or deftr y any such Trench, Ditch, or Fence aforesaid, or open any Passage through the fame, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds over and above the Costs, Charges, and Expences of repairing and restoring such Trench, Ditch, or Fence, such Costs, Charges, and Expences to be recovered by such Ways and Means as any Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in cale any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and he and they is and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXVIII. And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said Tolls, be it further enacted, 'That if any Person or Persons shall give, offer, or dispose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons, any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit, or knovving’y make use of any counterfeited Ticket in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Roads, or any of them, near unto any Turnpike to be erected thereon, shall permit or fuller any Person to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Ilorfe, or other Beast or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, through or over any Way or Passage (not being a publick Way or Passage) or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beast from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said 'i’olls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Pt rfon so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pa/ any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That each and every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage passing on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, the Wheels whereof shall not roll a flat or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat or level Surface, shall be considered and deemed a Carriage on Wheels

[Lee. & Fer.J j [ roiling

4OI

Power to m ake Fences

in Chard Common, to prevent evading the Payment of Tolls.

Penalty on deftro)ing Trenches, &c.

Collectors of Tolls to be competent Witnesses.

Penalty on evading the Toll*.

Carriages on Wheels not rolling a flat Surface, o bo coniide'ed a* Carriages with narrow Wheel*.

402

Gsneral Exemptions.

Tiullees may reduce Tolls at any public* Meetings,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

rolling a Surface !efs than Six Inches, and shall and may be weighed at any Weighing Engine erected or to be erected on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and shall pay the fameTolls, and the fame Rates of Weighing, as any Waggon, Wain, or Carriage, on Wheels rolling a Surface less than Six Inches, is subject and liable to pay.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, Stone, Brick, 1 imber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compod, or Manures employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Padure or Watering Places, in the same Parish or in the next adjoining Parish, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on any Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or minilterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Podtnader General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriages attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Cattle or Carriages employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Eieftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Somerset, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day alter such Election shall begin or be concluded j and if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may/ba . lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at<i Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in such Newspaperor Newspapersprinted and circulated in the said County of Smer/et, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be danding on the said Roads, from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all or any of the said Tolls granted by this Acts and affo

any

4°3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from and after-Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the again, several Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force and EfleS with respect to Overweights:

Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money borrowed on the provided that Credit of this Act, shall not have been paid and discharged, the Tolls {"onjoi Toilt hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced without the Content of be made with the Person or Persons entitled to Five-Sixths of the Money remaining due ^Creditors upon the Credit of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Tolls may be to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, upon Fourteen Days Notice being given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates

that shall be Handing on the said Roads, to let or farm the Tolls to be col-leSed by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sum th.;t can be reasonably got for the fame, by publick AuSion, provided that the Leases, ContraSs,or Agreements, of or for the fame, be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by the said Trustees; but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any One Time, and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so as that One Quarterly Payment of such Kent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in Default thereof, every such Lease,

ContraS, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Trustees may to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time to compound with ""P0"1111* any Person or Persons for any Period of Time, not exceeding One Year,

for any Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, passing on the said Roads, or on any Part or Tarts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle, and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance One Quarter, or otherwise as the said Trustees tball appoint; and in Default thereof, every such Coinpcfition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XaXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Bonds, Mort- 9ld Securi‘ gages, Assignmenrs, Grants, Conveyances, Leases, and other Securities, good.0 b' made or granted by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any other whomsoever, adfing by or under the Authority of the said recited Act, shall be good, valid, binding, and effectual, for and during the Continuance of this Act, any I hing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXV. And, for the more speedy railing Money for the Purposes of Trustees may this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and n°yf.cw Mo'

for

404

Form of

Mortgage.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby-granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected or to be erected on the said Roads, (the Charges of such Alignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls), for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Half-yearly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being all which Mortgages or Alignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

DY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [6>/ forth the "Title

of this A(l~\ We whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed e [being Trustees aBing in the Execution of the said AB~\ in Consideration

of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Roads, in

‘ Hand paid by A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise, un-‘ to the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Aligns,

such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and

‘ also of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the ‘ said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole

‘ Sum advanced, or to be advanced, on the Credit of the said Act,

to be had and holden from this Day of in the

‘ Year of our Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

‘ with Interest after the Rate of per

‘ Centum per Annum, lit all be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under

our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of

our Lord

Mortgages And Copies of all such Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered in

to be entered, a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks

to the said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Alignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, and the Mortgages or Alignments which were made by vir-Transfer of tue of the said recited Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all

> 01 intents ancj purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such

Mortgages or Alignments respectively have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time align and transfer the lame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoevtr, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ I A. B.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23,

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

‘ by virtue of a Mortgage or Alignment, bearing Date the

‘ Day ot under the Hands and Seals of of the Truf-

tees acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-‘ third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [ fetforth

the Title of this Act] upon the Credit of the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all the Principal and ‘ Interest Money now due and owing thereon; unto C.D. Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Two Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid (as well such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers made by virtue of the said recited Act as of this Act) shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect; of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided nevertheless, that before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed, Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, dignifying the Intention of borrowing such Money.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered, from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, shorten, Vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the several Roads comprized in this Act, and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may sustain thereby, and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such. Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, di-£Loc. & Per . j 5 K vesting.

405

Form of Alignment of Mortgage.

Notice of Transfers to be given tt> tie C'lerk in Two Calendar Months.

Trustees to gi e 21 Day* Notice ;re-vioufl/ to their borrowing any Money. Trustees may contrail for the Purchase of Lands, to be taken into the Road, and may turfl or alter the Course of any Part of the Road;

406

Corporations, &c. empowered to treat;

In case of Persons not treating for the Sale of such Lands, a Jury to settle the Recompence.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

vesting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the best Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the P. ace for the said County of Somerset, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trulls, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves; and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purpose aforesaid; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust. Executors, Administratprs, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any

- such

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 4*7

such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, shall, by the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Somerset, (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking or ufmgof such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summon and call before them, all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer) and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Verdin of Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and I’urposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming, in Possession, Reversion,

Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors,

Occupiers, and Persons anywise interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so afieffed to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or (in case of Refusal to accept such Money) upon Payment of the fame into the Bank of England, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or upon leaving the fame, in case the same should be less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Persons, and to be paid to them upon Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises, in respect whereof such Money shall be afiefled, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Three or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Smer/et, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Per-Ibns to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in

4o8

Jury may be

challenged.

Sheriffi, tie. Jnay be fined For Xegleft of Duty.

Owner of the Land used in altering the Road, to have the first Offer of the old Road.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, fuminon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so inipan-nelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff' or his Deputy, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XXXIX. Provided always, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said July, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in Question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury, touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn or to be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XL. Provided always, and be icenacted, That wherever the Course of any Part of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the*Fur-chafe of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining Lands which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and afeerrained by a Jury in such and the like IVanner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons not interested in the Premises to make an Affidavit to be sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such, old Road shall lie, Rating that such . jm Offer

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23; 409

Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that inch Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase Inch old Road, as the Case may be, and such Affidavit shall in all Courts uhatsoeverbe sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if such Owner shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him a Copy thereof, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall itywhomths give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall by Expences of

O i a J jury to

or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summon- ^e pl;j; ing and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or lender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and lettled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees by such Ways and Means as any Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided Persons a<,. always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by rcalbn of lent, Trustees Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such the Expences. Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- House, m tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, loas to enable the said be in" Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any Bank or Fence on a certain Farm j"hoc. & Per.'] 5 L called

4io

Application of Compilation when amounting to aoo/.

Application where the Compenfa-lion shall be less than aoo /. and exceeds *o/.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

called Hill Farm, or between Standlands Knap and Chillington Down, or between Dinnington Gate and Saint Rane Hill, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trult, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trull, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid intotheBank of England, in the Nameand with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to beplaced to his Account there exparte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made, upon a Petition to bepreferred inafummary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall

exceed

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$. 411

exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, orufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiocy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and beplaced to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making Arch Option, and approved of by any Three or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be th;" less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall ieisthan be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time l0A being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiocy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the CJfe and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to ^of*tat|'ns and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and to and for all repafr'the'0 such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, Roads, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beech, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, out of or from any Common or Waite Ground, River, or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, Distridi, or Place, in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division,

Distridi, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park,

Paddock,

412

Notice to be given to the Occupiers of inclosed J.ands before Materials are to be taken.

Penalty on taking away Materials got by Order of the Surveyor-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners arid Occupiers of such Grounds, tvhere and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interest in such Ground, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or Carry away any Materials for repairing such Roads, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shallattendpurfuant to such Notice,but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect orrefufe to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLVIil. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall takeaway any Gravel or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Wades, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall havediscontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds

43° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 23.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful td and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or Into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Roads, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads (not being a Qarden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House), to be made use of as a publick Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Roads are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then the Justices of the Peace, at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Somerset, next after the Expiration of Thirty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame; and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he of they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees), from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Rails, Saw Pits, Steps, Sign Pods, or other Posts, or otherwise, and to turn any Water-courses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing in any Part of the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning Lch Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of Three Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refuting or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety [ Loc. & Per.'] 5 M whereof

413

Surveyors to make Drains, etc.

Making reasonable Satisfaction.

In case of any Difference, Justices of the peace in Sections to determine the same.

Surveyors may remove Annoyances.

414

Empowering Purveyor to remove Trees blowr. tlown in the Hoads.

Trees in Parks or Paddocks not to be cut down.

For Shearing the Hedges.

Penalty on drawing Timber on the Road.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied tci the Purposes of this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, from Time to Time, without giving any previous Notice, to remove all such Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Things, as shall Hide or fall, or be blown down from any Hedge, Bank, or Land, into or upon any of the said Roads, so as to narrow or obstruct the Passage through the fame, and to carry and place the fame on any Wade Ground near thereto, so as to prevent the fame from being an Annoyance to Travellers; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things shall so Aide or fall, or be blown down as aforesaid; and the Charges of carrying away the same shall be reimbursed and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers respectively, and shall be recovered by such Ways and Means as any Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are directed to be recovered.

LII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be condrued to extend so as to empower any Person or Persons to cut down any Tree or Trees now growing in or upon the Banks of any Land or Ground, now being a Park or Paddock docked with Deer, or now growing in or upon a certain Farm called Hill Farm, in the Parish of Chil-Ungton, or in or upon the Banks or Hedges between Standland's Knap and Chillington Down, or between Dinnmgton Gate and Saint Rane Hill-, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose signed by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them), to (hear and cut, as often as Occasion shall require, the Tops and Sides of all the Hedges danding or growing by or near the Side or Sides of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall think proper; and all Charges and Expences attending the same shall from Time to Time be paid and defrayed out of the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall drive any Waggon or other Carriage with any Wheel thereof dragged or (lopped from going round, upon any Part of the said Roads where the Descent thereof shall not be more than Two Inches and a Half in the Length of Three Feet, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. ij* 415

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may Road to be Cause the said Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or JCwe'stone^'*'1 near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, and 3|Kl Guide Ports to be erected to denote the Distance of every such Port from any Treked! be Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Ports upon such Parts of the said Roads where the fame is crofted or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any pen,ny on Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, ob- damaging, literate, or deface any of the Stones or Ports erected or to be erected on 3c‘ any Parts of the said Road, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any of the Stones or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges or Arches, or on any Parts of the said Roads, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Stone, Port, or Parapet Wall so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks shall be so obliterated or defaced, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall IPj1;’|fjy0^0[hc wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, breakdown, or otherwise damage. Footbaths, or shall ride on, or drive, or lead any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Parts of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wfilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Ports or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Bead drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Road?, to the Prejudicethereof; or ifany Person or Persons shall lay any Ilay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Roads to be made into Manure, or shall scrape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto (without some reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be Cum-moned or conveyed in order to his or her Conviction, or except during such reasonable Time as such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be); or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones,

Brick, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever in any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings, nor more than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LVII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

Power to Collectors to detain unknown Persons puilty of Offences-

+ i6 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

ful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to l'eize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Jufficeor Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

Persons chargeable to Stature Work to continue so.

Justices to determine Differences touching Statute Work,

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Stature Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; ancf in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Farish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by l.aw subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherw'ife, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order, and dire<5L the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Timesastheythesaid Justices shall direct; andinDefault of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by DistrefsandSale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty isby this Act authorizedor directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, alter Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual PlaceorPlaces of Abodeforthat Purpose, by i ‘ any

4*7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penal* ties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in-Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Sur veyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be tubjed and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refufrd to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied'towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Piriflies or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lids, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and T. uflec; may for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons,

Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by Woiic, them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in.all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole, or-any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said '1 rudees in Advance on or before the Fird Saturday in the Month of February in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Ex- Application pences incident to and attending the obtaining and pading of this Act, shall of the Mo..ey. in the fird place be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received or col-iefted by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the fird Monies borrowed, received, or collected by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act; and the Remainder of the Money thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, and the Intered thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by Recovery and virtue of this Aftimpcfed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered 6 by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the [Lac. V Per.] 5 N— 0 ' said

4i 8

Form of Conviction.

Power to compel Payments ot Subscriptions.

Actions to be brought in the Names of the Treasurer or Clerk, or One of the Trullees j

Treasurer* or Clerk*, or other Trustee, not liable to the Payment of Colts.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

said County of Somerset (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible With fs upon Oath), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and bale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress, and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied,) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Scat, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County of Somerset, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor lei's than Ten Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person dial 1 be convicted of any Offence against this A:t, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form: { videlicet),

t?E it remembered, That on the

in the Year of out Lord

Day of

A.B. is convicted before One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [specifying

the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case may be] contrary to an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \here set forth the Title of this Act.J Given under my Hand and Seal [ar, our Hands and Seals3 the Day and Year first above mentioned.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have subscribed to pay any Money towards making and repairing the said Roads, shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay their Subscription Money to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, at such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the said Trustees; and if any such Subscriber shall neglect or refuse to pay such Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame by Action at Law, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act:, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Cods or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

I.XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justic-s of the Peace at the Firff General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Somerset, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Two Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such (Appeal, and to abide the Order and Decision of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance being given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter ot Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties to all Intents and Purpolifs whatsoever.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defcft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party oi Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, speeifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Hue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money, as he, (lie, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Pro-6 ceedings.

419

App:»r.

Dish’tfs not to be tinbw-ful foi Want of Form.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, or removable by Certiorari.

Plaintiffs not to recover after Tender of Amendi.

420

Limitation of Actions*

Publick Act

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Ceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and every such Ad'on or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Somerset, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Cods of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act: shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the Saturday Fortnight after the passing thereof, and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty.one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s moll: Excellent Majesty. 1803.

it-, r

dlittff

, 30

F

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 24.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Tenth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the 31 County of York; whereby the said Road was divided into Two separate Districts, and a certain Division thereof as lies between the Towns of Leeds and Wakefield was directed to be within the First District of the said Road, and separate Tolls are authorized to be collected within each District, and directed to be applied towards repairing the said Road within the District wherein they are respectively collected: And whereas an Act IO was passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the said First District of the said Road: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, for enlarging the 3* Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the First District of Road: And whereas a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the Road within the said First District, which cannot be . [Z.w. & Per.J 5 P paid

Geo. 2.

Geo. 3.

Geo. 3.

426

Recited Acts continued.

Additional Trustees.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

paid off, nor can the said District of Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unlei's the Powers and Provisions of the said Arts are altered and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said First District of Road should be repealed, and others granted instead thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enarted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty YCmg George the Second, and the Tenth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, or as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed', so far as the fame respectively relate to the said Hrft District of Road, shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Remainder of the Term granted by the said last recited Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enarted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Art; and this Art, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or hereafter to be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, so far as the fame relate to the First District of* Road, and of all Inrereft due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, 'f'hat Joseph Armitage, Miles Atkinson, Edward Atkinson, James Kfcbojf, John Bifcbojf, George Bifchoffihe younger, Charles John Brandling, James Brown, James Brown the younger, Charles Brown, Fountaine Browne, William Browne, Thomas Binns, Henry Ralph Brandling Clerk, John Beckett the younger, Christopher Beckett, Richard Beckett, William Beckett, Stanhope Baynes Dortor of Physick, John Carr, John Cadman, Francis Cookson, Charles Coupland the younger, Thomas Charlesworth, Joseph Chat lesworth, Sober l Coalman, Robert Coalman the younger, John Clap ham, John Couftis, William Thompson Dun-derdale, William Din/ley, Benjamin Dealtry, William Dawjbn, Henry Entwi/lle, James Entwijlle, Gervas Elam, Samuel Elam, John Foljambe, Thomas Foljambe, William Fardely, Joshua Field the 'younger, William Ferguson, William Greenwood, Thomas Gleadale, William Gatliffe, William Glover, John Pemberton Heywood, Thomas Hardy, Peter Haddon Clerk, Joseph Humble, John liolroyd, Joseph Holroyd, John Hurst, Martin Ilinde, William Hey the younger, Benjamin Hird Doctor of Physick, John Hebblethwaite, Nu/fey Holmes Clerk, William Hill, John Hill, John Ingham, Joshua Ingham, Thomas Johnson, Arthur Luptor, William Lupton, Arthur Lupton the younger, George Lap age the younger, Samuel Lapage, Thonuss Lee, Robert Lumb, Henry Lumb, Thomas Lumb, William Maude, John Maude, Francis Maude, Frantis Maude the younger, William Martin, Douglas M‘ Mut do, Duff Markland, Bertie Markiand, Thomas Micklethwaite, Richard Monkhouse Doctor in Divinity, Richard Micklethwaite, John Micklethwaite, Lucas Nicholfcn, Sandford Neville, George Oates, John Oxley, John Plowes the younger, George Paley, Benjamin Pullan, Charles Ayrton Pttllan, Samuel PrieJUey, Henry Preston,

Francis

427

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Francis Prejloi Clerk, Armitage Rhodes, Peter Rhodes, James Rhodes,

Jeremiah Rhodes, David Rimington, John Rohinfon Surgeon,

George Raison, Thomas Russell, William Shackleton, John Skcepfkanks Clerk, Broughton Stead, Simon Spence, Wi Ham Simp/on, Henry Skelton,

Thomas Smith, Thomas Smith the younger, Joseph Shaw, John Scho'efield, Thomas Wolrich Stanfield, Mark Temple, Richard Tennant,

James Teal, William Disney Thorpe Doctor of Physick, John Wigglesworth,

Charles Watfion, Jonathan Wilks, William Wilks, Richard Walker, John Wilson, William Whitaker, John Wilson the younger, Griffith Wright,

Harry Wormald, Thomas Wormald, and Richard Wormald, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees, nominated in or elected by or by virtue of the said Acts or any of them; and that the Trustees hereby appointed together with those nominated and appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, and qualified as therein mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees lor putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, with respect to the said Difirict of Road from Leeds to Wakefield aforesaid; and all Acts The Acts of and Proceedings of any Person or Persons who already hath or have acted, Trustees not or hereafter shall act, as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution fi^rendered of this or any of the said Acts, though not duly qualified, shall before valid, and till such Time as such Person or Persons shall have been convicted of acting without such Qualification, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been actually qualified.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls granted and made Present Tolls payable, and authorized to be taken within the said First District of the tocesfe-laid Road, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and instead thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken at all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erected, or which shall be hereafter erected upon or within the First Dif-trict of the said Road, before any Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame; that is to say,

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Beast of Burthen, whether Tolls, laden or unladen, and not drawing, at the First Gate or Turnpike, which any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Beast of Burthen shall pass, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the Sum of One Penny:

For every Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Curricle, Calash, Chaise, or other such like Carriage or Hearse, drawn by Four or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike, which every such Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Curricle, Calash, Chaise, or other such like Carriage or Hearse shall pass, the Sum of Two Shillings, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Nine-pence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Beast of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Four-pence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Two.pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and not laden with Coals, drawn by Five or more Horles or Beasts of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike, which every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage shall pass, the Sum of Three Shillings, and at the Second

Gate

428

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horses or Bealls of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Two Shillings, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike, the further Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or Bealls of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Nine-pence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, not laden with Coals, and drawn by Four Horses or Bealls of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike, which every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage shall pass, the Sum of Three Shillings, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses or Bealls of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or Bealts of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Beall of Draught, at the First Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Sixpence, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the further Sum of Two-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, laden with Coals only, or going for or returning from carrying the fame only, for each Time of passing and repassing through any of the said Gates, drawn by Five cr Six ITorfes or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by 'I hree Ho fes or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Beall of Draught, the Sum of 1 hree-pence:

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, laden with Coals only, or going for or returning from carrying the fame only, for each Time of passing and repassing through any of the said Gates, drawn by Four Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and draw n by Three Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny; and drawn by One Horse or Beall of Draught, the Sum of Four pence:

And for every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, at the Fit ft Gate or Turnpike, which any such Oxen or Neat Cattle shall pass, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and at the Second Gate or Turnpike the Sum of Five Pence per Score, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Number, except for One, at the First Gate One Penny, at the Second Gate One Halfpenny:

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, at the First Gate or Turnpike, which such Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine shall pass, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and at the Second Gate

of

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 24. 42

or Turnpike Two-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number, except for One, One Halfpenny.

Which said several Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, shall be Toils veiled and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees for executing the said ^Trustees’ Acts and this Act j and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Acts or any of them, with respect to the said District of Road from Leeds to Wakefield.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Time or Times hereafter, to Money.1* borrow and take up at Interest, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think wanted and necessary for the Use of the said District of Road; and that all Mortgages of the Tolls collected within the said District of Road, Conveyances, or Assurances whatsoever, which shall be made and executed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Time or Times hereafter, shall be in the Words or to the Effect following j that is to say,

‘ nY virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of |°rm 4 King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging ccu'lty' 4 the Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Tenth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to IHake- field, in the County of York.

4 W/E whose Names are hereunto subscribed, and Seals affixed, being Trustee3 acting in Execution of the said Act, and of the Acts therein mentioned, in Consideration of the Sum of 1 to the Treasurer of the said Turnpike Road leading from

1 Leeds to Wakefield, in Hand paid by do hereby

1 grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto the said

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the lolls arising upon the said Road, and also of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced upon the Credit of the said Tolls since the Day of One thousand eight hundred and or which shall or may hereafter be ad-

‘ vanced, to be had, received, and taken, subject nevertheless to such Mortgages and other Securities as were existing at the Time of passing the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the 1 hird, and to the Payment of the several Sums thereby secured, from this Day of for

1 and during the Continuance of the said recited Act, unless the said 1 Sum of with Interest after the Rate of per

Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. As Witness our Hands and Seals, this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And Copies of such Mortgages or Securities shall be entered in a Book to Securities to \Loc. ft? Per.'] 5 Q be be entered

by Cltrk or i reaiurer.

Securities

transfer-

able.

Form of the Transfer.

No Preference amongst Persons who advance Money attrr the Da e of this Act

Trustees may lue and be i'ued, or may defend Actions in Name of their Clerk.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and all Persons who shall be possessed of any Mortgage or Security made by virtue of this or of the said former Acts or either of them, may from Time to Time transfer their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, in or to the said Mortgages or Securities, and the Principal Money thereby secured, to any Person, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ T being entitled to the Sum of secured

A to me, my Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,

‘ by virtue of a Mortgage or Assignment, bearing Date the

‘ Day of under the Hands and Seals of

‘ of the Trustees acting in Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-third ‘ Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for ‘ altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-frjl

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, end in the Tenth and Thirty second ‘ Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from

Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York, and of the Acts therein

‘ mentioned, in Consideration of the Sum of paid to

me by do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer

‘ all my Right and Title in and to the same Sum of and all

‘ the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto ‘ , Executors, Administrators, and Assign'.

Dated this Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall hereafter advance Money or become entitled to any such Mortgages or Securities so to be made as aforesaid, shall (subject nevertheless to the Mortgages, Assignments, or Assurances, already made and exilling at the Time of the passing of this Act, and to the Payment of the several Sums of Money thereby secured), be Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and imposed, or otherwise made payable, in equal Degree, in Proportion to the Sums of Money by them respectively advanced, or so secured as is herein-before directed, and shall not be entitled to any Preference by reason or on Pretence of the Priority of any Money being advanced.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer; and that no Action brought by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act or the Acts herein-before mentioned, or any of them, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees; but the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, may and shall, as often as it shall be thought necessary or adviseable, notwithstanding any want of Privity of Contraft, or otherwise howsoever, be made and deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case shall be, so as that nevertheless nothing herein contained shall in anywise prevent or hinder the said Trustees, or any of them, or any Person or Persons for or on Behalf of them, or any of them, from suing, or protest them, or any of them, or any such Person or Persons, from being sued and proceeded against, in such Form of Action, and in such Manner, as it might or would have been lawful to do under or by virtue of the said Acts herein-before

mentioned:

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

mentioned: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Colls and Charges, Damages and Expences as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- when chafed, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or amounting this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, to ioo/' Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other legal Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, if the fame amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trullees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeftingotherLands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses,

Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, compcIlL purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any tion is leu Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity (xceeds°io/nd as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame

shall,

432 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

/hall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian of Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, theh to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

For tnces of And be it further enacted, That the Colts, Charges, and Expences,

thelAafS ° incident to and attending the obtaining, and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees, out of any Money already collected or received, by virtue of the said recited Acts, within the said First District, or out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, within the said First District, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

Public* Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahar, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

Application where the Money is leis than ao /.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTlO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

HM*

Cap. 25.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majestyj intituled, An Act for makings widening^ and repairing, publick Roads in the County of Dublin; and for repealing Parts of several AEls formerly made for that Purpose.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS from the Insolvency of several of the Collectors of the publick Money presented at sundry Times by Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, to be levied on the said County, and of the Sureties of the said Collectors, the Death of the Senefchall, and from the Expences of a Suit between the Crown and the said County, pending several Years, but now terminated, very considerable Arrears in several Baronies have accrued: And whereas there is also a considerable Sum of Money due or claimed by divers Ferl'ons concerned in the building of the New Gaol at Kilmainham, in and for the County of Dublin, and for the Payment of which several Sums the [Loc. Ss* Per.2 $ R Grand

1

434

Grand Jury to present on the County.

Sums presented to be p iid into the Bank of Ireland as directed by 26 Geo. 3.

Poundage to to any Collector, etc. not to be allowed until an Affidavit flrill be made,that the lVIoney has been paid to the Tie a Hirer.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Grand Jury for the said County have not Power by any Law how in force to provide: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, in each and every Year, at the Easter Term and the Michaelmas Term, or either of them, to present on the said County at large, or on the several Baronies, Parishes, Liberties, or Districts within the said County, in such Proportions or Parts as the said Grand Jury shall think just and equitable, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper for the Purpose of discharging the said Arrears, and for preventing any Arrears in future, and for discharging the said several Sums of Money due and owing, and for building, erecting, and maintaining, a new Sessions House, and also One or more House or Houses of Correction, for the Use of the said County; and for taking a Survey and making a Map or Plan of the said County; and for the Payment of an Apothecary, or other Medical Attendant, for his Trouble and Attendance on the several Prisoners confined in the Common Gaol or Houses of Correction of the said County, and for providing such Prisoners with Drugs and Medicines; and for the Payment of the Treasurer, Inspector of Accounts, and Sub-Constables of the said County; and for the Payment of the said Treasurer for his Trouble and Attendance, under any Law or Laws in Force or Effect for railing and embodying a Militia for Ireland, for and during such Time as such Militia shall be embodied, and for Six Calendar Months after the same shall be disembodied; and each and every such Sum and Sums of Money when so presented, shall be applotted and apportioned in such Shares and Proportions, and shall be raised, levied, and collected by such Ways and Means, and shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the several Presentments of the several Grand Juries for the said County of Dublin are directed to be apportioned, applotted, raised, levied, collected, and paid in, by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing, publick Roads in the County of Dublin; and for repealing Parts of several Acts formerly made for that Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury of die County of Dublin to present, or the Court of King’s Bench to allow, any Sum or Sums of Money as Poundage or Wages to any Collector, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, collecting or receiving any such Money so presented by any Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, undl an Affidavit or Affidavits shall be made that the Person so collecting or receiving did pay to the Treasurer of the said County, at the End of each Ten Days, or when the same shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds Irish Currency, all and every Sum or Sums so by him or them then collected or received by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand of the said Treasurer; such Affidavit or Affidavits to t 1, , l- - - be

43° GEORGII III; Cap. 25. 435

be sworn before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, or before One of the Judges of the said Court of King’s Bench (which Oath and Oaths such Justices and Judge is and are hereby authorized and required to administer); and in every such Affidavit the total Amount of the Sum or Sums by him or them respectively collected or received under every such Warrant shall be particularly expressed.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or other Collector pay-Person or Persons duly authorized to collect and receive any Sum or 1^feIa"ut1lJ,' the Sums of Money presented by the Grand Jury of the said County, proportion of on any Barony in the said County, on returning his or their War- ceers^ou'io(te<j rant or Warrants as by. Law directed, shall pay or advance to the Trea- on the holding surer of the said County the Proportion of the County Cess applotted ^a'y on the holding of any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and Payment of may be lawful to and for the said Collector, or other Person or Persons fuel. Pert nor as aforesaid, at any Time or Times within Six Calendar Months \

from the Day of returning the said Warrant or Warrants, to demand and an N<.n-the Sum or Sums of Money so by him or them advanced or paid, of jy,*"*hnet or from the Person or Persons for whom such Sum or Sums of Mo- i>y Distress and ney was or were advanced or paid, or of the Occupier or Occupiers ®e'

of the Lands or Tenements on which such Sum or Sums of Money was or were applotted; and if the same shall not be paid within Ten Days after Demand thereof made in Wridng, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of such Person or Persons, Occupier or Occupiers, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Dublin, on due Proof made before him of such Demand as aforesaid, and of the Non-payment or Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby required to administer) to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, Occupier or Occupiers, rendering the Overplus, (if any), after deducting such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; or it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to recover the fame with Costs by Civil Bill at Sessions, on Proof of such Applotment and Payment to the Treasurer; any Thing contained in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas the present Court House of the said County at Power to Kilmainham where the Quarter Sessions are held, is situate in a low, unhealthy Place, and is now in a ruinous State, and in every re- Ground in spect unfit for a Sessions House of the said County, and great Incon- cit/ 01 convenience arises from the Want of a House or Houses of Cor rest ion sfcflionsHouse: for the said County; be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore- and authorize said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of ^"aCan-the said County, by any Presentment or Prefefttments at any of the veyance. Four Terms, to authorize any Person or Persons whom they shall think proper to appoint for that Purpose to accept from any Person or Persons enabled to grant or make the fame, an effectual Conveyance

436

Persons taking the Conveyance not to

be con ride red as Kieehoki-m.

Such Session* >Ioule, etc. if in, the County of the City oi Dublin, to be taken to be in the County of DMn, etc.

Juries to at-i t« nri at the ScIT.onilJoufe.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

ance and A durance to such Person or Persons so appointed, and his and their Heirs for ever, of such Piece or Pieces, or Plot or Plots of Ground, either in the said County or County of the City of Dublin, as the said Grand Jury by such Presentment or Presentments shall express to be necessary or convenient, in Trull for the Purpose of erecting and building thereon a Sessions House, and a House or Houses of Correction for the Use of the said County, and making convenient and necessary Approaches, Yards, and Offices thereto respectively: Provided, that no Land to be so conveyed or assured to such Person or Persons for such Purpose as aforesaid shall make or be deemed to make such Person or Persons, his or their Heirs or Assigns, or arty Person or Persons under him, them, or any of them claiming or deriving, a Freeholder or Freeholders to any Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

V. And in case the said Land or Ground so to be taken for the Purpose of building a Sessions House upon for the said County, shall be situate in the County of the City of Dublin; be it further enacted, That the said Land or Ground, and the said Sessions House, together with the Offices, Yards, and Approaches thereto, shall for ever, from the Date of the Conveyance of the said Land or Ground, be taken and deemed to be in the County of Dublin, for the Purposes following; that is to lay, that the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions and Justices of the said County, shall be and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to meet and fit at such Sessions House, and there to deliver the Gaol of the said County; and also the said Chairman and justices, and Grand Jury of the said County, may at the said Place esquire of, present, hear, and determine, all such Crimes and Offences perpetrated and committed either by Principals or Accessaries in the County of Dublin, as they are empowered and authorized to hear anii determine by virtue of their respective Offices; and all his and their Proceedings at such Sessions House, and all Acts, Matters, and Things, done and executed by them respectively therein shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the like Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Proceedings had been holden or taken Place, or such Acts, Matters, and Things, had been done and executed within the said County of Dublin: And that all Precepts, Rules, Orders, Indictments, Verdicts, Judgements, and Awards of Execution, issued, made, pronounced, found, given, or awarded, by the said Chairman and Justices, shall be as good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were respectively issued, made, pronounced, found, given, or awarded, within the said County of Dublin; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Cuttom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further cnatted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Sheriff's, Sub-Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Coroners, Gaolers, Bailiffs, and all Officers of Justice of the said County of Dublin, and all Persons of the faitj County iinpannelled and returned to be and appear upon any Grand Inquest or Petty Jury, and all other Persons

dwelling

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 25. 437

dwelling and residing in the said County of Dublin, if thereunto duly summoned, shall and they are hereby required to attend the (Quarter Sessions of the said County and Adjournments thereof, from Time to Time at such Sessions House, under the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, and Amerciaments, as if the said Sessions were held at some Place within the said County of Dublin; and that all Elections held at the said Sessions House for the Return of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Dublin, and all other Business for the said County done thereat shall be as good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were done or executed at some Place within the said County of Dublin; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Survey, and Map Map or Plah or Plan when finished, shall be deposited with and kept by the Treasurer ^hd,h£>flt" of the said County among!! the Records thereof; and a Copy of the Treasurer. said Survey and Map shall be put up and kept constantly in the Grand Jury Room of the said County of Dublin, at the Four Courts, for the Use of the Grand Jury of the said County.

Vm. And be it further enacted, That the Inspector of the Accounts Fd or tI,e of the said County of Dublin, shall, on or before the last Day of each j^Uiced by Term in each and every Year, produce to the said Grand Jury printed the Inspector or engraven Drafts for all Monies to be for that Term directed by of Acc0l,nts* him to be paid for or on Account of the said County of Dublin in the Form following; that is to say,

No.

‘ To the Governors and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

PAY to or Bearer;

the Sum of which place to the Account of the County of Dublin, Term, One thousand eight hundred and

‘ Inspector of the County Account.’

And the said Drafts shall, at the Time of so producing them, be filled up with the respective Numbers, Names of the Persons to whom payable, and the Sums to be paid, and shall be signed with the Name of the said Inspector; and all such Drafts shall also be signed by the Foreman of the Grand Jury of the said County of Dublin, and the said Inspector shall deliver all such Drafts when so signed to the Trea-iurer of the said County of Dublin, to be by him delivered to the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Draft or Drafts was or were drawn, on his, her, or their signing the proper Receipt or Receipts in the County Book; and upon Delivery of every such Draft to such Person or Persons, the Treasurer shall countersign each and every such Draft with his Name, and shall write thereon the Day of the Month, and Year when so delivered to such Person or Persons; and every such Draft so drawn and countersigned shall be to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or their Cashier, full and law-. [Loc. fc? Per.-} 5 S ful

4'3»

Justice of Peace for the County of Dublin to appoint an Overseer for {re. pairing any Bridge in the said County.

Preferments

to widen any Road.

Power for any Person to impound Cattle found straying.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

fail Authority to pay the Contents thereof to the Drawer or Bcaref, out of the Monies paid to them by the Treasurer of the said County of Dublin, on Account and to the Credit of the County of Dublin; any Thing contained in the said recited Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas the Sum which by Law a Justice of the Peace is empowered to order for the Repairs of a Bridge suddenly injured by Floods has been found insufficient for such Purpose; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Dublin, who shall be possessed of a Freehold Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds British, without Deductions, within the said County of Dublin, to nominate and appoint under his Hand and Seal an Overseer who can read and write, for the Purpose of repairing the Arch or Arches, Pier or Piers, or other Part or Parts of any Bridge within the said County that may be suddenly injured, damaged, or affected by any Flood or Torrent of Water, or other Accident; and such Overseer, when so nominated and appointed, shall have full Power and Authority to lay out and expend any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds British, in repairing such Arch or Arches, Pier or Piers, or other Part or Parts of any such Bridge so injured, damaged, or affected, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be accounted for and produced to, and allowed by the Grand Jury of the said County, in the Manner and Form directed by the said recited Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment for repairing any of the Roads in the County of Dublin aforesaid shall be granted, unless the fame be Twenty-one Feet wide between the Ditched, Drains, or Fences, unless where the fame is inclosed by Houses, or Lime and Stone Walls Four Feet high at the least; and that in every Place where a Presentment is applied for to widen any Road or Roads to the Breadth of Twenty-one Feet, the Gripe or Gripes shall be turned from the Road.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Mule, Afs, Bull, or Cow, Sheep, Goat, Pig, or other Beast, shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, be found feeding or straying on any Road or Roads within the said County of Dublin, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to drive every such Horse, Mule, Afs, Bull, Ox, Cow, Sheep, Goat, Pig, or other Beast, to the next Pound, and there to detain every such Horse, Mule, Afs, Bull, Ox, Cow, Sheep, Goat, Pig, or other Beast, until the Owner or Owners of the same shall pay a Fine not exceeding Five Shillings IriJJ} Currency, for each and every Beast so impounded to the Person impounding the fame; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in Manner directed by this Act.

43° GEORGGII III. Cup. 25.

XII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride any Beast, or drive any Carriage, Carr, or Cart, on any Road within the said County of Dublin, save and except on the left Side of such Road, when meeting any Beast, Carriage, Carr, or Cart, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Irish Currency; and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered on the Oath of One credible Witness, before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Dublin aforesaid, (which Oath such Justice is hereby; empowered to administer), or upon the View of such Justice of the Peace, and shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Horse, Beast, or Cattle, so ridden or driven on such Road, or of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed; and the several Overseers of the several Roads in the said County of Dublin, shall and they are hereby required immediately after the passing of this Act, to put up and affix written or printed Notices in the most convenient Places on the said Road, specifying the Purport and Meaning of this Clause.

XIII. And whereas the Power of appointing a High Constable for each of the Baronies in the said County, (except the Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore), and Four' Sub-Constables for each Barony in every Year, is vested in the Grand Jury of the said County at the General Quarter Sessions: And whereas it would be more proper to have the said High and Sub-Constables appointed by the Term Grand Jury of the said County; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Term Grand Jury of the said County shall every Year, at Easter Term, appoint a proper Person to be High Constable for’each of the Baronies in the said County of Dublin, (except the Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore), and shall also appoint Four proper Persons to be Sub-Constables for each of such Baronies, (except the said Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore'), to preserve the Peace at the Quarter Sessions and Elections, and at all Times and Places in the said County: Provided always, that every such High Constable shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as if he had been appointed by the Grand Jury at the Easter Quarter Sessions; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to any such Sub-Constable for his Trouble in executing the said Office, by the Treasurer of the said County, unless such Sub-Constable shall produce to the said Treasurer a Certificate signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, that he had at some Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof for the said County, since his Appointment to such Office, duly qualified himself agreeable to an Act, passed in the Second Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery.

XIV. And whereas Persons residing near or holding Lands through which the publick Roads in the said County pass, are often guilty of great Nuisances; be it further enacted, That, from and after the

439

Penalty on Persons driving any Carriage,

Hifch and Sub-Constables to be appointed by the Town Grand Jury,

Con (tables to report Abtiies or Nuisances.

44-0

Grand Jury not to present any Sum at Quarter Seffious*

Grand Jury to present i wo Sums, not exceeding 521 each, at each Term,

penalties of this Act to be levied by Dif-ttefc.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

the passing of this Act, the Sub-Constable in each and every Barony in the said County, (Saint Sepulchres and Donors excepted), shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to report all such Nuisances as shall occur in their respective Baronies, to the next residing Magistrate, who shall punish by Fine or otherwise every Person so informed against by the said Constable or Constables, according to the Powers veiled in such Magistrate by the said herein-before recited Act; and that every Fine so levied shall be divided, and One Half thereof be given. to the said Constable or Constables, and the other to the Poor of the Parish where such Abuse or Nuisance shall have existed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing this Act, it shall not be lawful to or for the Grand Jury of the said County at Quarter Sessions, on any Account whatsoever, to present any Sum whatever to be levied on the said County: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed, so as in any Manner to affect the Claim of any Person or Persons to any Monies heretofore presented by the said Grand Juries at Quarter Sessions.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the said County of Dublin, at Easter and Michaelmas Terms respectively, to present on the said County any Sum not exceeding Fifty-two Pounds Irish Currency, such Money to be paid to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for disc.harging Prisoners tried at the Quarter Sessions without Fees, and ally Sum not exceeding Fifty-two Pounds Irish Currency, to be paid to the Clerk of the Crown for discharging Prisoners without Fees tried at the several Commissions of General Gaol Delivery; any Thing in any Act of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that the several Sums to be presented for the Clerk of the Peace and Clerk of the Crown shall not exceed the Amount of their legal Fees, such Fees to be ascertained upon Oath in the usual Manner.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act or the said recited Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise directed), shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the City, County, or Place, wherein such Offence shall be committed, upon the Information of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (Which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and the Overplus, (if any), after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered upon Demand to the Tarty or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be

43° GEORGII III. Cap. i$. 44i

he committed; and in case such sufficient Distress cannot be found, 01 l'ffons of-it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice as aforesaid, and he- conimiued '* is hereby required to commit by Warrant under his Hand and Seal the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, tinless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges and Expellees attending the fairte, shall be sooner paid and satisfied-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in 10"s‘ pursuance of this Act, or of the said Act, made in the Twenty-

sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, nor unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Ten Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover Tender of in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made A'"ends‘ to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County of Dublin and not elsewhere; and if any such Action shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given thereof as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if thei Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Orand jury to shall and may be lawful to and for the Term Grand Jury of the said fod'fray the County of Dublin, and they are hereby required, at the Easter or Michael- Expences of mas Term immediately after the passing of this Act, to present on the 111151 Act‘ County at large such Sum of Money as shall be necessary for defraying

the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and other Expences incident thereto; and if any Person or Persons shall have advanced or lent any Money in Discharge of such Colts, Charges, and Expences, the Money so advanced shall be repaid and satisfied to him, her, or them, by Direction of the said Grand Jury, together with lawful Interest for the same.

ST

CLec. fcf Per.}

4-42

[Publick Act.]

' 7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XX. And be it it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever without specially pleading the lame.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

r;!Y

ikirT- ’ . >- il 1 If

n ot

ims

I fi i t

' ' BtCl \ ".IV. ’ti )i*T:: ft rJ -/ ’ 1

V

1 4 nn/ir

ii

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

;* 1 zbr.nfl s?i 1: iiy/ wjA: than*

V w a* W t w W * W W v 'p v ® 4. ^ * ip v * r V a* a* W t* *p^r W w V *r ,r*

Cap. 26.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed JVay to Somerton, and from Gaivbridge to lint inhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Hurst Bow in Martock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from llminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through Part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said ParifL of Lopen; all in the said County of Somerset. [yth April 1S03.]

5 Z* WHEREAS

.[Lot. VPer.]

442

i Geo. j.

~5 Geo. 3.

Former Acts continued.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

WHEREAS an Act was palfed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from. Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset: And whereas an Act was palfed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and some jof the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls by the said first: recited Act authorized to be taken on the said Roads should be repealed, and others granted instead thereof: And whereas the Roads branching out of the said first mentioned Road, from a Place called Hurst Bow, in the Parish of Martock aforesaid, through Part of the same Parish, unto and through a Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead; and thence through the Town and Parish of South Petherton, in the said County, unto and through the several Parishes of Shepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, in the said County; to the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, in the said County; and from the Town of South Petherton aforesaid, through Part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, in the said County, to a Place called Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen, are much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if the fame were made Turnpike, and included under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and so far as the lame have been by Law or are hereby repealed, varied, or altered) shall be and are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purposes of the said Acts; and also for making, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road branching out of the said first mentioned Road, from a Place called Hurst Bow, in the Parish of Martock aforesaid, through Part of the same Parish, unto and through a Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead; and thence through the Town and Parish of South Petherton, in the said County, unto and through the several Parishes of Shepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, in the said County, to the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, in the said County; and from the Town of South Petherton aforesaid through

Part

443

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Part of the several Parishes of South Petberton and Lopen, in the said County, to a Place called Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen, as full" and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and as if the said additional Branch of Road had originally been Part of the Road included in the said recited Acts; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That Richard Thomas Combe, William Dickinson, William Dickinson the younger, Wyndham Goodden, John Goode ford, John Hanning, William Hanning, John Phelips, William Phelips, the younger, John Prowse, Esquires; Thomas Robins Doctor in Divinity, John Culliford Goodden, Elias Taylor, and John Valentine, Clerks; John Bmfield the younger, Thomas Budge, Stephen Bridge, Henry Cary of Milton, Henry Cary the younger, Robert Cary, Henry Cary, Samuel Chapman, James Daniel, William Elliot, Thomas Elliott, William Harding Lin-man, William Harding of Hele, Isaac Mead, William Pipe Payne, Henry Rawlins the younger, Joseph Vaux, Stephen Westcote, and Robert Beck Willy, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts; and that the Trustees hereby appointed, together with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall be and are hereby empowered to put the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erected in, upon, across, or by the Sides of the said Roads, and to cause to be erected and set up such Number of other Gates or Turnpikes, in, upon, across, or by the Sides of the said Roads included in the said former Acts and in this Act, or any or either of them, or across any Lanes or Way leading into the fame, and also such Number of Toll Houses with suitable Out Buildings and Conveniences thereto, and to inclose such Gardens for the said Toll Houses, as they may think fit; and to erect such Weighing Engines upon the said Roads as they shall think necessary; and from Time to Time cause any of such Gates, Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Buildings, and Weighing Engines, to be taken down, altered, or removed, as they shall judge proper, and to defray all the Expences thereof by Means of the Monies which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

IV. And whereas the Tolls by the said first recited Acts granted are insufficient for the proper Improvement and Repair of the said Roads, be it therefore enacted, That the said Tolls shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that instead thereof there shall from thenceforth be demanded and taken at all and every the said Gates and Turnpikes erected and to be erected,

Trulteo.

Power to continue and erect Turnpike Gates.

Former TolU repealed, and new Toll* granted.

444

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

ere£led, the Tolls following, before any Horse, Ox, or other Bead or Cattle, or any Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

Toll*. For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Coach,

Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Hearse, Chaise, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, singly, and not in Pairs or abreast, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Ox, Steer, Gale, or Bull, drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, abreast or in Pairs, the Sum of Threepence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Swine, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and lo in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

AitofWftn Which said several Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, shall be ing Toils re-" and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees for executing the said Acts pealed. and this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, ailigaed, and dii'posed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said first recited Act respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

V. And whereas it is by the said first recited Act provided and enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, by and with the Consent of the respective Mortgagees and Assignees of such Tolls, in Writing first had and obtained, at a General Meeting to be called for that Purpose, wheieof Twenty Days publick Notice in Writing shall be affixed upon all the said Turnpikes, and at the publick Cross at Martock, from Time to Time to lessen and reduce all or any of the Tolls thereby granted, and afterwards to raise and augment the fame, so as not to exceed the Sums hereby granted; and the Tolls so lessened and reduced, or augmented again, shall and may be collected and levied in such Manner arid applied to such Purposes only as the Tolls thereby granted are directed to be collected, levied, and applied: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provision should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the patting of this Act, so much of the said first recited Act as above mentioned shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

i

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Laid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by and with the Consent of the Persons entitled to Five Sixth Parts of the Money then charged by way of Mortgage on the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized

J*ower to lefTen Tol't.

445

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

thorized to be taken on the said Roads, at any Meeting to be held by virtue of the said former Acts or this Act, by Notice to be affixed on. all the Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Roads, Twenty-one Days at lead before such Meeting, to lessen all or any of the said Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, for such Time or Times as they shall think proper, but so as not to reduce them below One Half of the respective Tolls herein-before granted; and to raise the fame again, so as not to exceed the respective Rates herein-before mentioned; and such Tolls, so lessened or raised again, shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums

of Money heretofore borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts, and rowed, which are now due and owing, shall, together with lawful Interest for the fame, be charged and secured upon the Tolls to arise upon the original Roads comprized in the said recited Acts; and that all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed under the Authority of the said Acts and this Act, on Account of the said original Roads, shall, together with lawful Interest for the fame, be secured upon the Tolls to arise upon or from such original Roads; and that all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be borrowed under the Authority of the said Acts and this Act, on Account of the said additional Branch of Roads, shall, with lawful Interest for the fame, be charged and secured upon the Tolls to arise upon and from such additional Branch of Roads; and that the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Colts, Charges, and Expences incident thereto, shall be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Manner following; (that is to say): that so much of the said Colts, Charges, and Expences, as shall have accrued or arisen by means or in consequence of the additional Branch of Roads being included in this Act, shall be wholly discharged out of the Monies which shall be received from or on Account of the fame additional Branch of Roads; and that the Remainder of the said Colts, Charges, and Expences, shall be discharged out of the Monies which shall be received from or on Account of the said original Roads.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That Bow

the Turnpike Gate now Itanding by the Side of Part of the said Gatetobe original Roads at Hurfi Bow., shall be deemed and considered as belong- deemed as ing to the said original Roads, and that the Tolls there arising shall be original'11* applied on Account of such original Roads. Roads.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls which shall from Time A fepsrte Ac-to Time respectively arise upon or from the said original Roads and ^pt renting the said additional Branch, shall be applied and disposed of on Accouat to the t»o of the said respective Roads from whence such Tolls shall severally arile; Roads-

and that the Clerk to the said Trustees shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the Tolls arising from and the Monies expended in respect [Loe. & Per.] 5 if of

446

Rertraint at to cutting down App'e Trees repealed.

Exemptions from Toil by tltis Att.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. lb.

of the said Roads respectively, to the end that such separate Application and Disposition may be duly observed and effected.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as provides, that nothing the rein-before contained shall extend or empower the said Trullees or Surveyors, or any of them, to cut down any Apple Trees already planted and growing near or contiguous to the said Roads, or any or either of them, unless planted or growing on Wade or Common Grounds, shall be and is hereby repealed.

XI. And whereas it is expedient that the several Exemptions from Payment of Toll allowed by the said recited Acts, or either of them, should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That all and singular the Exemptions from Toll granted and allowed by the said recited Acts, or either of them, diall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall be charged with or compellable to pay any of the Tolls made payable by this Act, for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Chaise, Phaeton, or Chair, or the Horses or Cattle drawing them, or for any Person on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Somerset on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or after such Election shall begin, or be concluded respectively; or for any Cattle going only to or from Wzter or Pasture, within any or either of the Parishes through which the aforesaid Roads or any of them pass, and not going out of such Parishes; or for any Waggon or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle or Bead, drawing or not drawing, which shall be used and employed only in and for the Carriage of Stones or other Materials for repairing of any Turnpike Road or publick Highway, or going to such Employment, or returning after having been so employed, or that shall be ul'ed or employed only in the Carriage of, or going empty or unladen for, or returning empty or unladen after having carried any Fodder, Dung, Soil, Lime, or Compod of any Kind, for the manuring of any Garden, Land, or Ground, situate within any or either of the said Parishes through which the aforesaid Roads or any of them pass; or for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or other Bead, employed in carrying or drawing any Hay unfold, and not for Sale, or any Corn in the Straw unfold, and not for Sale, the Produce of such Land in any or either of the fame Parishes, brought immediately from the Land where the fame grew or was first stacked, or any Straw unfold and not for Sale, the Produce of such Land, or with any Sulls, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry going or returning for the manuring or improving of Lands in any or either of such Parishes or for any Cattle or Carriage belonging to any Inhabitant of any Township, Parish, or Place, wherein such Gate or Turnpike shall be erected, which shall be only passing to the Smith’s Shop in order to be Ihoed, farried, or repaired, or for the return of any such Cattle, or Carriage unloaden; or for any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or other Beast, employed in the Carriage of Milk, or in going for the fame, or only in the Carriage of Cloth or other Woollen Stuff to or from any Fulling Mill; nor diall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning

447

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

ing from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, situate in the Parish in which such Person shall dwell, upon Sundays or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or any Person going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any Parish or Place in which the said Roads do lie; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages employed in carrying the Mails of Letters or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Post Mailer General, either in going or returning, full or empty; nor for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any such Officers or Soldiers wounded or disabled; or for Horses or Cattle employed only in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled thereto, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That between the First Day of November and the last Day of February in every Year, there shall be demanded and taken at each and every Gate or Turnpike erefled or to be erected by virtue of the said former Acts or this Act, an additional Toll equal to One Half of the Toll then liable to be paid for every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying any Timber Tree or Trees (except Carriages with One Horse or ocher Beast of Draught, which shall not be liable to the Payment of such additional Toll or any Part thereof).

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes of Exemption from or Reduction of Tolls, or of Allowance of any additional Number of Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, on Account of the Breadth of the Soles or Bottoms of Wheels, by virtue of any Law or Statute, the Sole or Bottom of the Wheels of Waggons, Carts, Wains, or other such Carriages, shall roll a flat or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Three Quarters of an Inch from a flat or level Surface; and all Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other such Carriages passing on the said Roads, or by any of the Weighing Engines hereafter to be erected thereon, the Wheels whereof shall not roll a flat or level Surface, or a Surface so flat or level as not to deviate more than Three Quarters of an Inch from a flat or level Surface, shall be considered and deemed as Carriages on Wheels rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, and be liable to be weighed at any of such Weighing Engines as any Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, on Wheels rolling a Surface of less than Six Inches, is now by Law liable to be weighed there, and shall pay the fame Tolls at the

Gates

Carriage* employed in carrying Timber between cerain Periods subjectc to an additional Toll.

Carriage* on

Wheels not roiling a flat Surface shall be considered as Carriages with narrow Wheels, and be liable to be weigned and pay Toll as such.

I

448

Application of Compensation Money where

amounting to 200l.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Gates or Turnpikes, and Weighing Engines, as t'uch Waggons, Wains, or Carriages, on Wheels rolling a Surface of Id's than Six Inches, are by Law liable to pay.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act, or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons, under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fuinmary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking r.ffeft; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 449

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tene- d«,

ments, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes not amount aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Per- ftaU°Btcesd fons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than jo/. the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned ^here 't1' shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the than Vo/! fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would

for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Colts, Charges, F.r paying and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing Expence of of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees in the thisAa' Proportions herein-before mentioned, out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the First Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and as such be judicially taken

Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[Lee. Per.'} 5 X

1

450

Term of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subjeS as herein-before mentioned) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Tetm of Twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ii* »d

HI UP

, - ’‘t*4 ’

c-->r . jSO<-& Ml U , l« b Hm I

4 r; I OTf J ns. 5 jVS ' < .! Im. .« re- it; ,

i I jw odw aaolt: 740 ,;V-

O'

\ -1 " i't e*t ». 0 hrril’Ml Lt! t «8i# f U*»' Y» 'rife :’T *8

it hu» %.,/<{. .*' ' fj. ft

- li V- *>. - A. v; i . 6 's3fca

- JU* ’ :i' > sr. at/n iy.'J ,/ - 1 '*»:

.*11 '! t ‘ Vi"' fto3 .

* . ' u. , l'C. 7-nrish. "i - i!i.t its fjftc <. anshtsai'iVm'tft i%s

d 1 aakflotl , t! A . \ L orf If :* ft*

-I01 /. ..jilt ynfiO'

ItJ 1o c > to slbtt i . r yd ir-vir. ,( 'dfi

i ,f. U i\ :, tB t?Ji. 't i rt d . £ 1

ftrriH. dir ft: rr;: ! tsojo Jit ,*

-.jAfeiUbl . r.A' bnj_' c vf t T . afim,; ?; sr iyiA ji

-j yi!s:- ' j-fi itmk

, ' i.jf tT :!’ > - ts , rci. . iU V io

Iu:i k-ji,

1'. Z1X r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*H

Cap. 27.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-ftrfl Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King1 George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, 3I through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-first; Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas *» the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to p ut the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed ['Loc. S? Per-] 5 T considerable

Geo.

Geo. j.

454

Acts further continued.

Additional Trustees.

Additional Toils to be taken.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which {till remain due, and cannot be paid off; nor can the said Road be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Power* and Provisions thereofaltered and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts should be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due a ct owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Adds, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same.

II. And be it further ettadlrd, That Sir John Lemon Rogers Baronet,

Sir William Elford Baronet, Samuel Archer, John Arfcctt Clerk, kVilliam Anthony Surgeon, John Roger, Thomas Iiillersdon Bultecl, John Bulteel the younger, John Croker Bultecl, Bulteel, Nicholas Adams

Bartlett, Christopher Bart ett Clerk, Samuel Brooking, Edmund Bastard the younger, John Bastard the younger, Pownal Bastard, Charles Everett Calmady, Eorjler, William Forjler, Robert Forjler, William Hare,

William Hare the younger, John Harris the younger, Henry Harms, Christopher Harris, William Kite, Richard Lane Clerk, John Brooking Lufcombe Clerk, John Morjhead the younger, John Perrirtg, Richard Perring, Charles Per ring, Richard Strode, George Strode, Thomas Strode, Christopher Savery, Paul Treby the younger, George Woolkmbe, John Wsodwinter the younger, Silas Winter theyounger, John Tonge, James Tange, Edmund Tonge, Duke Tenge the younger, and Charles Tonge, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said re* cited Acts, or either of them, for putting the said AdtS and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees herein-before nominated are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, as fully and ef* fedtually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to demand and take for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, and other Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Four Inches from Side to Side at the lead from

- the

455

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

the Bottom of the Sole thereof, and for the Horses or Beasts of Draught drawing the fame, over and above and in Addition to the Tolls now payable for the fame under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, One Half more than the Amount of such respective Tolls.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken at each of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of this or of the said recited Acts, by such Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed by the said Trustees for collecting the Tolls by this and the said recited Acts granted, before any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, or other Bead, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, Double the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be taken on any other Day of the Week, which said respective Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the same shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Remedies, for Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisoes, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Acts; but subject to the Regulations and Alterations in this Act contained.

V. And whereas it is in and by the said first recited Act enacted, that no Person or Persons should be charged with or compellable to pay any of the Tolls by the same Act made payable for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, or for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, Mule, Afs, or other Bead drawing the fame, which should be used or employed in the Carriage of Lime: And whereas such Exemption has been found very detrimental and injurious to the said Road, it is therefore necessary that the fame should be repealed; be it therefore enabled. That the same shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That none of the Toils granted by this or the said recited Acts shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, or for the Horses or Beasts drawing the fame, and used and employed in drawing of any Lime, where the Fellies of the Wheels of fu:h Waggons, Wains, Carts, Drays, or other Carriages, shall exceed Four Inches in Width from Side to Side at the lead from the Bottom or Sole of such Wheels; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any Law, Ad, or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by virtue or on account of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced,

prosecuted,

D utile Tulin to \ e taken cm

Su id ay*

Repealing certain Exemptions from Toll

and granting other Exemptions

Trustee* msrjr

sue and be sued iv the N.'iint of Their Clerk.

Clerk to be rtimburff d Expences.

456 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of tliii Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Colls, Charges, and Expences as by the b vent of any such Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein as aforesaid.

Application*6

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or of Money awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, or Com pen fi used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the

tion for Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

when*’ Infant> Eunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, amounting to as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall or txcetding jn case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands and Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other IVieffuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and lec-tled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean 'Lime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three VoundapcrCcntum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of 1 the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would lor the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Where less than 2cc / and exceeding 2 yj /.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments

purchased,

457

4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, he paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such where left Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall thanio/-be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the CJfe and Benefit Of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- For paying

pences of obtaining and passing this Act, together with Interest for all

Money which shall be advanced from Time to Time for that Purpose,-

shall be defrayed out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, Publick Act deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and as such be judicially taken

Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and de-

\_Loc. ds* Per. J 5 Z termine;

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

determine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein-before mentioned) and this Act, dial I from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then nextStffion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

i - sd

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 28.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads from 'Tamworth to Ashby-de-la- Zouch in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry, now Harrington Bridge, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swar cliffe La?ie to Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending, uidening, and keeping in Repair the High Roads from the Borough of Tamworth to Alhbv-de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliffe Lane leading to Aftibv-de-la-Zouch aforesaid: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees named in and appointed by and by virtue of the said recited Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized and directed to be taken by the said recited Acts, which, together with the Tolls colltfted, have been applied in amending and [Loc. id Per.2 - 6 A repaying

33 Geo. is

*x Geo. 3'

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

repairing the said Roads, in which great Progress hath been made; but the said Roads cannot be properly amended, improved, supported, and kept in Repair, or the Money so borrowed and Interest for the fame paid, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be continued, the Powers and Provisions thereof in some Respects altered and amended, and the 'l olls increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be and the same are hereby fui ther continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the Term and P wers hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or which may become due or be borrowed on the Credit thereof and of this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

offhe^Tu?8 And be further enacted, That the Trustees for executing the said

tee». ' fU recited Acts and this Act, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the Queen's Head Inn, in JJhby-de-la-Zouch in the said County of Leicester, upon the Second Monday after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, or at such other Time and Place as the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees shall appoint, by Notice or Advertisement in the Manner herein-after prescribed with respect to Meetings on Emergencies, and then and there proceed to carry this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution, and shall then and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet again at such Place or Places, on or near to any Part of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting, shall think proper and appoint for putting this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution; and that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons who hath or have acted or shall act as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, or either of the said recited Acts, though not duly qualified, previous to his or their being convicted of having done so, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been so qualified.

Power to ad-

III. And be it further enacted, That in case a competent Number of joum. Trustees shall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting

of the said Trustees, either then to ad or to adjourn to any other Time, Two Trustees being hereby declared to be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only, or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then and in either of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gates erected or to be erected upon the said Roads, or inserted

462

ii Geo. 3. continued.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 28? 463

in Tome Newspaper published or circulated in the County of Leicester, if any, at lead Seven Days before the next Meeting, to appoint them to meet at the same Place where the last Meeting was held or was to have been held, on such future Day as shall be specified in such Notice, not exceeding Five Weeks after the Day on which such last Meeting was held, or was to have been held as aforesaid; and in case such Clerk or Treasurer respectively shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five of the said Trustees, although not assembled at any Meeting, at any Time or Times after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention respectively as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed or inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some House near to the said Roads, upon some Day within Three Weeks after the Date of such last mentioned Notice; and if, after any Adjournment of the Meetingsn said Trustees, it shall upon any Emergency be thought necessary that they I-meis<:ncl«s-should meet at an earlier Time than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in such Order, (such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice); and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings as aforesaid shall be as valid and effectual, as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on every Sunday, after the Ex- Double Toil pharion of Twenty-one Days from the passing of this Act, there shall be SundaJs-demanded and taken at the Toll Gates erected upon the said Roads respectively, by the Collector or Collectors at such Gates, before any

Horse, Beait, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame, Double the Tolls by the before recited Acts directed and allowed to be taken; which said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be collected and recovered in the same Manner, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, as are contained in the said recited Acts.

V. Provided, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be charged Exemption

or chargeable with the Payment of Toll foranyPIorfe or other Beast, or xoUTwi'c<? any Carriage employed solely in the Conveyance of Lime from Breedon for the Car-or Cloudhill, or any other Lime Work, which shall pass, and for which Lime

Toll shall be paid at the Gates called Burney Lane Gate, The Lount Gate, °'imiant Heath, or The Smoile Gate, or either of them, or any Gate to be erected in lieu and the Lime of them or either of them, and the Driver or Person attending the fame, coUieA«?<1 shall produce a Ticket denoting such Payment, with any further Toll at

the Gate called Nomar.s Heath Gate, or any Gate to be erected in lieu thereof, nor with any further Toll for any such Horse, Beast, or Carriage, for which such Ticket shall be produced for Payment of Toll at Nomans Heath Gate, for passing through the said other Gates at Burney Lane, the Lount, or the Smoile, for Lime only from Breedon, Cloudhill, or any other Lime Work, nor shall be charged or chargeable Twice for any Hor'e, or other Beast or Carriage, employed solely in the Conveyance of Lime from Breedon or Cloudhill, or any other Lime Work, or Coals from any of the Collieries near the said Roads, and to which the said

464

Exemption f r r»afling through

Do ting l on Park with Lord Mo ra's Penniilion, exc r>t Waggons or Carts en»po\e 1 in conveying Lime 01 Coal.

Power to

vary all the Tolls.

Enabling Tj ullees to take Pofltssion of Toll Houses when let* £0 Farm.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

said Roads lead, which shall, by any unavoidable Accident or Hindrance, not return till after Twelve of the Clock that Night, and before Six of the Clock the next Morning, through the Gate or Gates at which thqy have paid the preceding Day, and the Driver or Person attending shall produce a Ticket denoting such Payment; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions without being entitled thereto, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained shall subject the Earl of Moira, his Heirs or Assigns, to any Penalty for granting Pernriiflion to any Person or Persons to pass through Donington Park, or subject such Person or Persons to any Penalty for availing him, her, or themselves of the said Permission by passing through Donington Park with any Horses or Carriages, other than Waggons or Carts conveying Lime, Limestone, or Coal, from any Limework or Colliery in the Neighbourhood, whereby the Tolls at any of the Toll Gates or Bars on the said Roads may be evaded.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, (whereof at lead Twenty Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads), may and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time (In case it shall appear requisite and expedient) to lessen and reduce, and again to raise and advance the Tolls or Duties by the said recited Acts and this Act authorized to be taken, or any Part or Parts thereof, and to order the same to be taken in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit, so that the respective Tolls so varied never exceed the Tolls by the said recited Acts and by this Act authorized to be taken from Persons travelling on any Part of the said Roads, and so that the Tolls so granted or varied be never lessened, until the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof together with the Interest be repaid, except the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixth Parts or more of such Money consent thereto; and such Tolls or Duties so varied, and every of them, shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner, as the Tolls or Duties by the said recited Acts and by this Act authorized to be taken are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Toll arising from all or any of the said Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads shall, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, be demised or let to Farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, to whom the said Tolls shall be respectively demiled or let, shall neglect or refule to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Fanner or Farmers, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid, pursuant to the Agreement for letting the fame, then and in either of the said Cases, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Clerk or Treasurer, or other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorized to

enter

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. 465

enter into and upon the Possession of the Toll House or Toll Houses, with the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, to letten as aforesaid, and to remove and put out such Lessee or Lessees, Fanner or Farmers, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (if they shall think fit), to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be void to all Intents and Purposes, (save as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved up to the Time when such Re-entry shall take Place), as if such Demile or Agreement had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them in every such Case, to demise or let to Farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be taken and collected in the same Manner as it no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into relative to the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That out of any Money already arisen Annii-a'ton by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the Money to arise by virtue of the Tol *. thereof and of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

shall, in the'-First Place, pay the Costs and Charges of procuring and passing this Act, and the Remainder of such Money shall from Time to Time be applied in paying the Principal and Interest of the Monies due on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, or any of them, and in repairing, widening, altering, lighting, and improving the said Roads, and carrying the said Acts and this Act into Execution in all other Respects.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- Five Tiu(t«a lector or Receiver of the Tolls shall grossly neglect or be incapable of petforming his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, any Five or coiueiors, more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully behaving, and discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or being incapable of aP.’);nt performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself; and in such Meeting. n'Xt Cafe, and also in case any such Collector or Receiver shall die, such Trustees shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person, to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the respective Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall die or be discharged, and such Person so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or would have been subject to; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be uif-charged from his said Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or Representative or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person who shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building erected on the said Roads for the Space of Two Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or justices of the Peace for the County or Place, and he and they is and are hereby required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands \_Loc. & Per.J 6 B and

466

Collector of Tolls may be a Witness.

How the Statute Work frail be apportioned.

For regulating the Peform-ance thereof.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

and Seals, to order any Constable, or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove such Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver into the Possession thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Litigation shall arise, touching any Distress taken for Nonpayment or Recovery of any of the Tolls payable by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the Lid Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be at all Times, in all Courts and Places, and before any Judge or Judges, Magistrate or Magistrates, a good and competent Witness, or good and competent Witnesses to prove the Legality of the Distress, and the Nonpayment of such Toll or Tolls, or any Part thereof, or to give any other Proof or Proofs, Testimony or Evidence which shall be necessary in such Case.

XII. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute Work ought to be performed on the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, through which the said Roads pass, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Two of them, being acting Justices of the Peace for the said County, from Time to Time to adjudge and order what Part of the Statute Work shall be done in or upon the said Roads hereby directed to be amended, improved, and kept in Repair, and for what Space of Time, and in what Manner the same shall be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places in or through which the said Roads shall pass.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways, Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor in all the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Roads pass, shall yearly and every Year, within Ten Days after Demand made to them resp.edively in Writing by the Surveyor, Clerk, or Treasurer of the said Roads, in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of Two or more of the said Trustees, being acting Justices for the said County, give and deliver to the Person making such Demand, a true and exact Lift or Account in Writing under their respective Hands of the Christiatt and Surname of every Person in their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Roads in such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places, and shall set forth and speoify in such Lift, what each Person is respectively chargeable with for and towards the fame; and such respective Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors, shall (within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said Turnpike Surveyor of the Time or Times when and where and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid are to perform their respective Statute or Days Works) summon or give Notice thereof in the Mode prescribed by Law to the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refuse to do as he and they is and are hereby required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorrect or impeded

Lilts,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. 467

Lifts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Roads, shall, after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to fend their respective Teams, Draughts, Carts, or Wains, furnished with Labourers,

Oxen, or Horses, according to the Custom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform such their respective Days Works upon the said Roads, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain shall be wanting, or shall not be duly employed in that S rvice; and if any Person or Persons who shall be sent with any Team, Draught,

Cart, or Wain to work on the said Roads shall be found idle or negligent, it shall be deemed as if such Team, Wain, Draught, or Care had not been sent to work on the said Roads, and the same shall be accordingly forfeited and paid,

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be How Toffees lawful for the said Trtlftees, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings, by Writing under their Hands, to summon all, every, or any riirh*y to of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, Churchwardens, or j*cc"ul^ Ovetfeers of the Poor, of all, every, or any of the Parishes, Townships, Money.' Hamlets, Diitridts, or Places, (the Inhabitants whereof are liable to perform Statute Work on the said Roads), to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any of their subsequent Meetings, and then to deliver in to them, a full, true, and just Accounc

in Writing of all Sums of Money by them respectively received for, in lieu of, or by Way of Composition for Statute Work in their several and respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, (which Account shall be verified upon Oath, if the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall require the fame); and in case the Person or Persons so summoned shall neglect to appear at the Time and Place therein appointed, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such Account as aforesaid, or if required to verify the fame upon Oath, or to pay to the Treasurer of the said Roads, or as the said Trustees shall direct, within Five Days from the Time of producing the said Account, or whereon the fame ought to have been produced, such proportionable Part of all such Composition Money as such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them,

shall have received, or without their wilful Neglect or Default might have received, that then in all or any of the said Cases the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every separace Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees way said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by jomspr 't'".^ the Year or otherwise with the PolTeffors, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, work. U Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Roads, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon; and also that ic shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, or such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor respectively as aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of

468

For recovering the Composition Monies.

How Surveyors of Highways are to he rcim-bursed, and Composition Money paid by them.

Trustees may

sue and be i’ued in the Name of the

Treasurer.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

such Parishes, Townships, or Places first had at any Vestry or other publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year, or otherwise, with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Money agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or in lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Composition Money respectively shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money (Oath having been first made before such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justice or Justices, that the fame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justice or Justices, are hereby respectively empowered to administer), to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor, or other Person or Persons having so compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if anyj upon Demand, after deducting such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Otoner or Owners thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways who shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom the same shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the Composition Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Colls and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways and Means, and in such Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing done by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit, to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act in the Name of their Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting holden in pursuance of this Act, but that the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action: Provided always, that every such Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully indemnified, reimbursed, and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Colls, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in cohsequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with by Reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. 469

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall P^shyfor ride upon any Footway or Path adjoining to or made on the Side of or Footpaths.11 upon the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse, Cattle, or S wine, or any Rawing Tim. Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any such or sone’ Footway; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, fotherwise than upon Wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon Wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; and if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Backings, or Cops on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, C.haife, Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach,

Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left Side of the said Roads; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from palTing him upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set Fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Person shall, without sufficient Cause, leave any Stage Coach, Waggon, Wain, or Cart, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Beaff of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice,

Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or promote to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or the Execution Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons by them, or any of them, or oi tlle Aa-by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this and the said recited Acts, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sam not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXI. And whereas Offences may be committed against the said Acts For recuring and this Act by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or Officers appointed to put the said Acts and this Act in Execution, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Trustees,

Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Per-[Loc. ft? Per.~\ 6 C son

470

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

son or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden within or for the County, Place, or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the justices present at such petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Gaol or House of Correction of the said County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

Application of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Money "where1 or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, amounting purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act

to 100l. or t},js Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the . Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be

paid

I

47i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- not Amount ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Jj> ]1°"/cca'jl Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Iefs than the Sum of Two hundred io/. Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy Or Lunacy, to be dignified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so lar as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Appiicstion Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be

less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be than'slo/. applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the First Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be recovered, levied, paid, and applied in such and the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said recited Acts are directed to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, except in such Cases where the same are by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied in any other Manner.

F r paying Expences of the Act.

Directions how the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be levied and applied.

472

Form of Conviction.

Term of the Act.

J’ublick. Act.

43ft GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That Convictions for Offences a&ainst the said recited Acts and this Act shall be drawn up in the Form or Effect following; that is to say,

wit I I)E it remembered, That on the Day of

I in the Year of our Lord

‘ A.B. is convicted before me

‘ One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for

‘ the County of on his own Confession, or, on the

‘ Oath of a credible Witness, or, on the Oaths of

and Two credible Witnesses fas the Cafe may bcf\ of [herespecify the Offence, and the Time and ‘ Place when and where the fame was committedJ contrary to an Act ‘ passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled [Here insert the Title of that /Jet-, or, in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George

the Third, intituled [Here insert the Title of that Act), or, in the forty-‘ third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, imituled {Here insert the Title of this Act) as the Case may be]; and I the said justice do

‘ adjudge the said to have thereby incurred the

Penalty of to be paid, recovered, and applied in

‘ Manner directed by the said Act, given under my Hand and Seal the

Day and Year aforesaid.’

Which Conviction, in the Form and to the Effect aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, on the passing hereof, cease and determine, and that the said recited Acts (subject to the Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Ad, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

ft*

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Garj'iJlawn, in the County

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Garrijlovon, in the County of Dublin, several Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, containing by Estimation, One thousand one hundred and ninety Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas Robert Alex~ under of the City of Dublin, Esquire, is Lord or Owner of the Manor or reputed Manor of Garriftown, in and extending over the said Parish, and also Owner of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the same; and Hettor Monro Clerk, as Vicar of the Parish Church of Garriftown aforesaid, is Owner of a House and certain Glebe Lands lying in the said Parish and the Right Honourable Jenico Lord Viscount Gormanston, and the Right Honourable Clotworthy Baron Langford, Sir Marcus Sommerville Baronet, William Monks, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, and as such interested in the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds,

Cap. 29.

of Dublin.

[ Loc. & Per

6D

are.

474

Commission-

cr«.

New Commissioners in case cf Death.

Notice of Meetings of Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

are, in their present State and Condition, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the said Owners and Proprietors, and all other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, if the fame were divided, allotted, and inclosed; but as such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Hamilton of Hackettjltnxin, in the County of Dullm, Esquire, Robert Hamilton of Gardiners Place, in the County of the City of Dublin, Esquire, and Rowley Heyland of the City of Dublin, Esquire, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners herein named or ro be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him or them, die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required, at any Time and from Time to Time within Thirty Days next after such Death, Rtfufal, or Incapacity, shall be known to them or him, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to appoint another Person (not being interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Place of each Commissioner so dying or refuting to act, or becoming incapable of acting; and every Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, after taking the Oath herein mentioned, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution in all Respects as if he had been named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act j and that all Acts, Matters, and Things, authorized or directed to be done or executed by the Commissioners herein named, or to be elected as aforesaid, may be done and executed by any Two of them; and all such Acts, Matters, and Things, shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been done and executed by all the said Commissioners herein named, or to be elected as herein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and Plate of their First and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be placed on the principal Door of the said Parish Church of Garrijlown, and to be inserted in the Dublin Journal, or Dublin Evening toft, if then published, and if nor, then in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Dublin, Ten Days at lead before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said Commissioners, it shall happen that no more than One Commissioner shall attend, such Commissioner may adjourn such Meeting to any Time and Place within the said Parish, or within Fourteen Miles thereof,

which

475

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

which he shall think most convenient: Provided always, that no Person shall be capable of ailing as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, (except only in the Power hereby given of appointing the First Meeting and administering the following Oath to the ocher Commissioners), until he shall have taken the following Oath; (chat is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, ex* Qualification ‘ amine into, hear, and determine, all such Matters and Things as r1o£cr,n,r’

shall be brought before me as a Commissioner, by virtue of An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons, Commonable Lands, and 4 Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Garriftown in the County of Dublin,

and otherwise execute the Powers thereby in me reposed, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Affection to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said Commissioners.

IV. And be it further enacted, That with all convenient Speed after Survey t» be the passing of this Act, a true and perfect Admeasurement of all the m:'de Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish of Garriftown shall be made and laid down as a Survey or Plan, by such Person or Persons (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and the said Plan or Survey shall contain and set forth the Number of Messuages, Cottages, Acres, Roods, and Perches, in Statute Measure, belonging to the several Owners or Proprietors respectively, and also the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches contained in the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and shall be used by the said Commissioners as often as Occasion shall require; and the said Plan or Survey, together with all other Acts, Matters, and Things, to be done by the Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be verified by his or their Oath, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer), and the said Commissioners and Surveyor, their Assistants and Servants, and all and every other Person or Persons employed by the said Commissioners shall, and they hereby have full and free Liberty and Power, at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by the said Commissioners, to enter into, view, examine, survey, admeasure, plan, and value the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish of Garriftown, and to fix Stakes or Land Marks thereon, and to do all Matters and Things which shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be requisite for carrying this Act into Execution: Provided nevertheless, that if any Plan or Survey, already made of the Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish of Garriftown, shall be produced and laid before the said Commissioners, of the Authenticity whereof they shall be satisfied, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to contract for and purchase the fame, and to cause the same to be made Use of by the Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid to be appointed by them.

4

476

Perambulation of Boundaries of the Parish.

Appeal to Sef-li«»n* ajjainit Boundaries.

Power of

ihortening

Boundary

Fences again A

adjoining

Parishes.

Encroacl-ments wilhin 30 Years lo be

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

V. And whereas Difpures may arise touching the Boundaries of the said Parish of Garrijlown, be it therefore enabled. That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to perambulate the Boundaries of the said Parish of Garrijlown, and to cause Notice of such ii.tended Perambulation to be inserted in the said Dublin Journal, or Dublin Evening Post, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Dublin, Ten Days at lead before the Time of such intended Perambulation; and after the Expiration of the Time to be specified in such Notice, they the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to enquire into, let out and ascertain, fix and determine the Boundaries of the said Parish of Garrijlown, and within Thirty Days after the Determination of the said Boundaries, to cause a Description of such Boundaries to be inferred in the said Dublin Jour-rial, or Dublin Evening Post, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Dublin.

VI. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons interested in the Determination of the said Commissioners respecting the said Boundaries shall be dissatisfied with such Determination, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Dublin, at any Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden within Four Calendar Months next after the Publication as aforesaid of the Description of the said Boundaries (the Party or Parties making such Appeal giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the said Commissioners, or any Two of them); and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive.

VII. And whereas it may shorten the Boundary Fences between the Lands lying in the said Parish of Garrijlown, and the Lands lying in the Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, if the said Commissioners were empowered to cause such Fences to be raised in such Directions as they shall think most proper and convenient for shortening and making the same regular; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parillies adjoining to the said Parish of Garrijlown, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors in any such adjoining Parish or Parities, or of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which such Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made, to set out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Parish of Garrif-town, and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundaries shall be Tet out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall direct; and shall fur ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of Garrijlown and such adjoining Parish or Parishes, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which, within Thirty Years now last past, have been made upon the said Commons,

Commonable

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

477

Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part of the P'rtof'he Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, and l>s

shall be divided and allotted accordingly by the said Commidianers; and in case any Dispute shall arise touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Disputcs shall be finally determined by the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, claims to tie Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having or claiming to ^eCommift have any Estate or Property, Right of Common, or other Right or Inte- fionen. rest whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby di-rcdled to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, shall, by himself, hrrfclf, or themselves, or by his, her, or their Guardians, Trustees,

Agents, or Tenants, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby respectively required, at the First or Second Meeting of the said Commissioners to be holden in pursuance of this Act, to deliver in Writing to the said Commissioners a true and just Account of the Medltages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements belonging to him, her, or them respectively, for or in respect of which such Estate, Property, Right of Common, or other Right or Interest, diall be claimed; and also a true and just Account of his, her, and their respective Claims, Rights, and Interest, in, to, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotred, or any Part thereof; and that no such Accounts or Claims diall be received by the said Commissioners after such their Second Meeting, except for some special Cause to be allowtd by them , and all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, negltding or refusing to deliver such Accounts as aforesaid, draft be, and is and are hereby excluded and debarred from aft Rights of Common and other Rights cr Interest whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or in, to, over, or upon any Part or Parts of the fame, to be assigned or allotted to any other Person or Persons by virtue of or under this Att; and if any One or more of the said Owners and Proprietors, or other Persons intcreiled in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall have any Objection or Objections to the said Accounts or Claims, or any of them, such Objection or Objections shall be reduced into Writing, and delivered to the said Cora mil-sioners, and to such other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Account or Accounts, Claim or Claims, shall be objected to, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall commission-arise between any of the Parties intended, or claiming to be interested, in

the said intended Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the re- "a -

Ipeclive Rights, Interests, Shares, and Proportions which they or any of them draft claim to have, of and in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall anu may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as well by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to adminil-ter), as upon any other proper and sufficient Enquiry and Evidence, to examine into, hear, and determine the same.

{Lee. Per.]

6 E

478

Commissioners may lum-inon Wit-nefler.

Commission-t rs to act'd's Cods.

43° GEORGII Itl. Cap. 29.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, by any Writing under their Hands, to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear before them at any Time and Place in such Writing mentioned, and to testify the Truth upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer), touching any Matter in Difference or Dispute between any of the said Proprietors or Persons interested, or concerning any Matter of Thing wherein any Doubt or Difficulty Aral! occur to the said Commissioners, and to cause a Duplicate or Copy of such Writing to be delivered to every such Person required to testify, or left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode; and if any Person or Persons having been folummoned as aforesaid, and having been paid or tendered a sufficient Sum of Money, to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, to defray the Charges of his, her, or their Attendance or Attendances, shall, without any just and reasonable Excuse, neglect or refuse to appear before the said Commissioners, pursuant to such Summons or Writing, cr shall refuse to be sworn, or to be examined, or to give Evidence touching the Premises, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners, due Proof being made before them upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) of the Service of such Summons upon the Person or Persons who shall not appear before them at the Time and Place thrrein specified, and of such Person or Persons having been paid or tendered a sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Charges of his, her, or their Attendance, shall cause, and they are hereby required to cause, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied by Dist tress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person so neglecting or refusing to appear, or to be sworn, or to be examined, or to give Evidence, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Aif.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob-jedtion or Objectionj, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Personor Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby dilailowed or overruled , and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person whornsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate,

or

479

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

or Collegiate, so neglecting or refilling to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in rafe any Person or Powertotry Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested jflfjatLaw" or claiming to be interested in the Paid intended Division and Allotments, shall he dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons, LCommonab1e Lands, and Waste Lands, or of any Right of Common, or other Rights or Intcreds, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or touching or concerning any other Claim or Claims which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be diffa-tisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought in One cf His Majesty's Courts at Dublin, upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months after such Determination of the Lid Commissioners; and shall proceed to Trial at the Fird or Second Term after the Commencement of such Action, or at the Sittings at Nisi Prius after such Term or Terms, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, (lie, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the Lid Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corpora'e, and Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, in case the said Court shall think proper; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow of the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials j and the Costs and Charges of such Action or Actions shall be paid in such Manner, and by such Person or Persons, as the Judge before whom such Issue or Issues shall be tried, shall order or direct the same to be paid: Provided nevertheless, that if no such Action shall be brought or proceeded in within the Time and in the Manner herein provided, the Determination of the said Commissioners shall be final and conclusive.

480

Commission-cy5 not to determine Titles.

Disputes about Titles not to impede the Proceedings, etc

For extinguish'ing or lufpentling Rights of Common before the Award,

Roads.

The Powers of Grand Jury over the

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall he commenced or prosecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the said Parish of Garrijlown, Inch Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act; but the said Division and Allotment shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Dispute or Suit, and such Allotment or Allotments may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit, shall become entitled to the fame;

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time before the Execution of the Award herein directed to be made by them, in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Garrijlown aforesaid, to order or direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interest', in, over, and upon the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be excinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights as the said Commissioners shall, by such Writing, order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be ful-pended as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Door, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall order and direct such Bridges, Ditches, Fences, Banks, Stiles, Water-courses, Drains, Tunnels, and other Works, to be made in, over, and upon any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parifty of Garrijlown, anti the other Lands and Grounds within the Limits and Provisions of this Act, and shall set out and appoint such publick and private Roads and Ways in, over, and upon the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, as they shall think necessary and proper, so that all new publick Carriage Roads so to be set out and appointed as aforesaid, shall contain Thirty Feet in Breadth between and exclusive of the Ditches, and shall be well and sufficiently fenced out on both Sides, in such Manner and within such Time as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint and that it shall not be lawful for any Person to eieft any Gate acre Is any of the said publick Roads, or to plant any Trees in or near the Hedges on the Sides thereof, at a lei’s Distance from each other than Fifty Yards.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall exiend or be confirued to extend, so as to derogate from,

abridge,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 4

abridge, lrfiei, or prejudice the Powers and Authorities of the Grand Ruadsnotto Jury of the County of Dublin, as to the Line, Direction, Breadth, or '

other Matter or Thing, touching or concerning any of the Roads or Highways in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, or to prevenc the said Grand Jury, from Time to Time, from varying the Roads and

Highways, or any of them, so to be laid out by the said Commissioners, as they shall think expedient: Provided always, that none of the prefenc Roads shall be (hut up or discontinued until the new Roads which may be substituted by the said Commissioners in their Place or Stead, by virtue of this Act, shall be Cafe and convenient for Horl'es, Cattle, and Carriages.

XIX. And whereas it would be convenient to the several Persons in- For felling terelted in the said Division and Inclosure, if a competent Part of the waste Land* said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, were ftt apart to defray the and fold, and the Money arising from such Sale applied in defraying the Obtaini"* thi* Expences of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution v be it there- Act, >tc. fore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required and authorized, as soon as conveniently can be done after the passing of this Act, to set out so much of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, as in their Opinion will by the Sale thereof produce a Sum of Money sufficient to pay and defray all the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act, and of the surveying, ad-measuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and of inclosing with a Ring Fence the Land which shall be allotted to the Vicar in Right of his. Parsonage House and Glebe Lands, and of preparing the Award hereby directed to be made, and of setting out and making all publick Roads and Works, and all other Cods, Charges, and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; and such Lands, when so marked and set out, shall be and are hereby declared to be vested in the said Commifli tners, and they are hereby directed and required to sell the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the bed Price or Prices that can b- gotten for the fame, by publick Auction or Auctions, (Notice of the Tune and Place, or Times and Places thereof being given Three Times in One or more of the said publick Newspapers, Six Weeks previous to such Auction or Auctions); and the Person or Persons who shall at such Sale be the highed Bidder or Bidders for any such Lands and Grounds,

shall be deemed and taken to be ihe Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and shall immediately pay to the Commiflir.ners who may be present at such Sale, One Tenth Part of the Purchase Money, as and for a Deposit, and shall engage to pay the Residue of the Purchase Money within Three Calendar Months afterwards into the Hands of the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized to give Receipts for the fame, and also for the Money to be paid as and for a Deposit as aforesaid and if any Purchaser, having made such Deposit as aforrf.iid, shall not pay the Whole of the Purchase Money within the Time appointed for the Payment thereof, the Money so deposited shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expences attending the Execution of this Act; and it shall aid may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon giving such Notice as aforesaid, to put up again to Sale such Lands and Grounds, for which the whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been paid, and so totia quoiies until the same shall be fold; or i; \_Lqc. & Per.'] 6 F the

482

Commissioners may convey the Land so sold to the Purchaser.

Purchasers to be subjtfl: to the Directions of the Commissioners in certain Cases.

Application of Surplus Money arising by Sal-, etc.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

the said Commissioners may, if they think proper, fell, and dispose of such Lands and Grounds by private Contraft, for the belt Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by the Sale or Salts of such Lands and Grounds, shall be applied by the said Commissioners for the several Purposes aforesaid.

XX. And be it further emitted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized, by Indentures of Lease and Release, to be executed by them under their Hands and Seals, to grant and convey the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Lands and Grounds so fold, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint, and all such Grants and Conveyances shall be valid and effectual in the l aw, to all Intents and Purpoi'es whatsoever; and after the Execution of every such Grant and Conveyance, the Lands and Grounds so granted and conveyed, shall be held by every such Purchastr, his or her Heirs and Assigns, freed and discharged of and from all Rights of Common, Right of Soil, and all other Rights and Interests (Tythes excepted) of any other Person or Persons whomlhever, in, over, and upon the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, That the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Lands and Grounds, so to be sold as aforesaid, shall be subject to the Performance of all Orders, Regulations, and Directions, which shall be made by the said Commissioners, and inserted in their Award, for inclosing, fencing, and draining, such Land, and for maintaining and keeping the Drains and Fences belonging thereto in good Repair.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Surplus of the Money arising from the Sale of such Part of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, after paying all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Att, such Surplus shall be paid to, or applied for the Benefit of the several Proprietors in the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests therein; but in case the Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall not be lufficitnt to pay all such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Deficiency shall be made up and paid by the several Persons, B tdies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, interested in the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, slave and except the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, for or in respect of any Allotment made to him as Vicar), in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times, and to such Ferlon or Persons as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall reful'e or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Shares of the said Colts, Charges, and Expences, to the Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, at the Time or Times which shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus

o» 6 (if

4«3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

(if any) after deducing the Charges and Expences attending furh Warrant, Distress, and Sale, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower One or more Person or Persons to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds to be allotted or belonging to the Person or Persons so refilling or neglecting as aforesaid, and to take and receive the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the fame Premises, until thereby or therewith the Share or Shares of the said Colls,

Charges, and Expences, so appointed to be paid by such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, with lawful Interest thereupon from the Time the same shall have become due, and also all the Costs and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry on and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall respectively be fully paid and satisded.

XXIII. Provided also, That the several Persons interested in such Com- Owners rtc. mons. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, their Solicitors, At-

tornies, and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of pences. them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXIV. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons shall advance pe,r,n«ad. and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Expences of y’ne,n?

‘ .1 1.. 3 . 0 - . . , i, c Money to be

preparing, foilciting, obtaining, or executing this Act, the Money to Wltii paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied to him, her, or them, by Interest. the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Applicat:onof Money arising from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act, to be paid by to 100l. the said Commissioners to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate,

Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustees, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot,

Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent such Money shall be applied, under the Directions and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or ocher Incumbrances, or Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufrs,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied,

then

4^4 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Puichale of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenemen.s, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them, as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect , and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in Government Securities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the Lid Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be sold in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application of Compenfition when less than »oq /. ^nd exceeding ao/,

A pplication where the Money is less than 20/.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case such Money, arising from the Sale of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be paid by the said Commissior.ers to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall be equal to or exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or ul'ed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing, under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners (Inch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein before directed, so far as the Case be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery: Provided also, that where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rent* and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direfk; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVII. And.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Comm'.flioneis shall, in the next Place, set out and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor, and to any other Person or Persons being Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors within the said Parish of Garrittown aforesaid, and to such of them as is, are, or shall be entitled to the Soil of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, such Part of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, as in the Judgement of the said Commissiomrs shall be equal in Value to One Eighteenth Part thereof; and the said Allotment or Allotments shall be a full Satisfaction and Compensation for the Right of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, in and to the Soil of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the next Place, fee out and allot unto the said Hector Monro and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, such Plot or Plots of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Satisfaction and Compensation in respect of and in Proportion to the yearly Value of the Glebe House and Glebe Lands, within the said Parish of Garrijlvwn, belonging to the said Vicarage.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall then divide, let out, and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Lands, unto and amongst all and every the Owners and Proprietors of the Messuages, Farms, Cottages, Dwelling Houses, and Lands, within the said Parish, in such Shares and Proportions as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a just and reasonable Compensation, Share, and Allotment, in respect of, and in Proportion to, the real yearly Value of the said Messuages. Farms, Cottages, Dwelling Houses, Tenements, and Lands respectively.

XXX. And whereas Cottages and other Buildings have at different Times been built anderested on Encroachments made upon the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, be it therefore enacted, That no Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall be or be deemed to be entitled to any Share, Proportion, or Allotment of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, for or in respect of any such Cottage or Building built or erected upon any such Encroachment upon the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if after the said Commissioners shall have adjudged any Parcel of Land to be an Encroachment upon, and Part of the Lards or Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, the Possessor or Posscffors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, shall refuse or decline to yield up the Possession thereof, being the reunto duly required by a Notice or Notices in Writing, signed by the said Commissioners, and affixed upon the Church Door of the Parish of Garrijlown, Six Weeks at the least before the Time to be expressed in the said Notice for yielding up such Possession to them, that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to bring One or more Ejedlment or Ejeftments in the Name or Names of the

[Lee. Offer.] 6 6 Lord

485

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor.

Allotment for Glebe, tic.

Allotment of the Residue.

Cottages built upon En croa hments not to receive an Allotment.

Commissioners may bring Eje&ments.

486

For laying Allotments conveniently together.

fror fencing Allotment*.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors within the said Parish of Garrijlown. and of the Proprietors and Owners of Lands within the said Parish of Garrijlown, all or any One of them, as Lessor or Lessors in such Ejectment or Ejc&ments, for the Recovery of the Possession of the Lands and Grounds so adjudged and withheld , and if upon the Trial of such Ejectment or Ejectments it shall appear that the Adjudication of the said Commissioners was duly made, pursuant to the Powers given to the said Commissioners by this Act, then and in every such Case tnc Plaintiff in such Ejectment or Ejectments shall 4>e entitled to recover Judgement and have Execut'on, and the Lands and Grounds loco be iccovered shall be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed accordingly.

XXXII. Provided always, That in making the said Allotments the said Commissioners shall have due Regard as well to the Quality and Quantity of the Lands and Grounds so to be divided and allotted 2 fore la id, as also to the Situation and Contiguity of the same to the respective Habitations, Messuages, Barns, and other Property of the several Parties to or fur whom such Lands and Grounds shall respectively be assigned and allotted.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several other Allotments of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be inclosed, hedged, and fenced by such Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate slave and except the said Hector Monro and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid), within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their said Award, order, direct, and appoint; and the Hedges, Ditches, Drains, and Fences, which shall be made pursuant to the said Award, shall at all Times thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair and rleanfed by such Person or Person*, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct; and if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall neglect or refuse to make and raise such Hedges* Ditches, Drains, or Fences, according to the Award of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required, to cause such Hedges, Ditches, Drains, or Fences, to be raised and made by such. Person or Persons, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and if the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who ought to have raised and made such Hedges, Ditches, Drains, or Fences, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Colts and Expences of raising and making the lame (such Colts and Expences being letded by the said Commissioners), within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to raise and levy the same by such Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and ex eating this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied, in case the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be sold are insufficient for the Payment thereof; and for better preserving the Hedges, Ditches, Banks, Plants, Quicksets, and Fences of the said intendedlnclosures, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments ftiafl be made tjy virtue bf this

- , Act,

4§ 7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Act, from Time to Time, and at all Times during the Term of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, to let or fix Pods or Rails, or any other Guards, on the Outside of the Hedges, Banks, and Fences, bounding their respective Allotments, not exceeding Three Feet from such Hedges, Banks, and Fences, and at all seasonable Times, before the End of the ('aid Term, to remove, take, and carry away such Pods, Rails, and other Guards, and to convert the same to their respective Uses.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when the said Commissioners shall have daked out the several Allotments intended to be made by virtue the Execution of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, or of the Award. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments is or are intended to be made, to incloseor fence such Allotment or Allotments in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint, although the said Award shall not then have been executed.

XXXV. Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall For'tavin* be left in the Fences and Inclosures to be made in pursuance of this Act,

for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the Passage of Cattle, Caits, and Carriages into and through the fame, unless the several Parties interested shall agree that the same shall be sooner fenced in, made up, and inclosed.

XXXVI. Provided always, That in case, through Necessity of Situa-

tion or any other Circumstance, it shall happen that One or more of the share o? said Proprietors shall not have an equal or proportionable Share of Boun- Fencing, dary Mounds or Fences allotted to him, her, or them, on the said intended Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge it necessary and reasonable, to award, order, ascertain, and appoint, what Sunt or Sums of Money such Proprietor or Proprietors shall respectively pay and contribute towards the making the Mounds and Fences of the Allotments of such other of the said Proprietors, or either of them, who shall or may have too great a Share or Proportion of mounding or fencing allotted to him, her, or them, by virtue of this Act, the same to be settled by the said Commissioners in such Manner as they shall award, order, direct, or appoint; and the Money so ordered, directed, or appointed to be paid, shall be paid, raised, levied, and received in such and the same Manner as the other Expences of this Act are herein ordered and directed to be levied and recovered, in case the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be sold are insufficient for the Payment of such Expences.

XXXVII. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons hath fold, or In ctf-e a,y contrafted sr agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of Pei fan mail the said Award, fell, or contract or agree to fell, his, her, or their Right,

Interest, and Property, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby the Allotment; directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to any other Per- p*d* son or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to chafer, and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in every such Sale, Contraft, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Intereif, and Property, lo fold, or eon-

7 trafted

4#$ 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

tracted or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to make Partition of any Messuages, Tenements, Lands, or other Hereditaments wiclvn the said Parish of Gar-rijlown, belonging to any Persons as Coparceners or as Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common; so as every such Partition be made upon Application from, and by and with the Consent and Approbation of the several Proprietors thereof, to be signified in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies duly authorized, of such of the said Proprietors as are under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, and he specified and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners or by any I.istrument signed by them, to be enrolled with the said Award; and every such Partition shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Fn°r^

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-,r‘" ' ful for the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees, and also for any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is, are, or shall be Owner or Owners of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Paiifli of Garrif-town, and also for the Husbands, Guardians Committees, and Trustees of any of the said Owners, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable to act (or themselves, and also for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, or Committees of such Owners respectively, being under any Disability wh.uloever, whether such Owner or Owners be Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Courtesy, or for Years determinable on any Life or Live', to exchange all or any of his, her, or their Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Lands or Grounds ro be allotted to him, her, or them respectively, by virtue of this Act, for any other MdTuages, Cottages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Garrijlown, or any adjoining Parish or Parishes, or for any other Lands or Grounds to be allotted by virtue of this Act; so that all and every such Exchange and Exchanges be made with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, and be described and ascertained in the said Award; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges shall be valid in the Lav/ to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Vicar, or any other Person or Persons having any Ecclesiastical Preferment, and holding any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Right of any Church or Chapel, to make any such Exchange or Exchanges without the Consent of the Diocifan, and of

Comri’.ffijners may make Parti* tion of undivided Estates.

+3° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

the Patron or Patrons thereof, expressed in Writing under their Handj and Seals.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Hector Monro and his Successors, Vicars of Garrif-town aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron of the said Vicarage, given in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to lease or demise all or any Part of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted to the said Vicar and his Successors as Vicars as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the Date of the said Award; so as in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the said Vicar and his Successors, the belt and most improved Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in Consideration of granting any such Lease or Leaks but nevertheless with such an Abatement of Rent or with such Allowance as may be reasonable for or in respect or on Account of the Expence which the said Vicar or his Tenant or Tenants may be at or be put unto in fub-dividing the said Allotments, and improving the same; and so a9 the Ltflcf s in any such Leases be not thereby made difpunishable of Wade; and so as in every such Lease there be contained a Power of Re-entry for Nonpayment of such Rents to be thereby reserved, within a reasonable Time to be therein limited, after the same shall become due; and so as a Counterpart of every such Lease be made and executed by the Leflce or Lessees; and so as the Rents thereby be reserved and made payable to the Vicar of the said Parish Half-yearly, and other necessary and usual Clauses and Covenants, be contained in every such Lease; and every such Lease so made shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made unto and for the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who by virtue of this Act shall be entitled to the fame, shall be in full Satisfaction and Compensation for their several Parts and Shares of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and for all their respective Rights and Interest, in, over, and upon the fame; and that from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award all Rights of Common and other Interests whatsoever belonging to or claimed by any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, out of, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Lands or Grounds shall be allotted by virtue of this Act, shall accept of their respective Allotments by taking Poflfcflion thereof within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, and Notice thereof in Writing to them respectively given by the said Commissioners, or left at their respective, usual, or last Places of Abode, or given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the known Agent or Clerk of ILoc. Ss1 Per.] CH any

489

Vicar may leate with th* Content of the Eifliup and Patron.

Allotment to

be made in Bar of former Rights.

Pertbns to aecept their Allotment!.

49©

Guardians,rtr may accept for Persons incapable.

But their Nan acceptance shall not prejudice Persons who shall accept, etc.

Wills and Settlements not to be affected.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate; and in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, er Collegiate, shall neg-left or refuse to accept his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, within the Time herein for that Purpose mentioned, such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall he totally excluded from and debarred of any Estate, Intered, Right of Common, or any other Property whatsoever, in, to, over, or upon any Lands or Grounds which shall be assigned or allotted to any other Pei ion or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in pursuance of this Act.

XLIII. Provided always, That the Guardians, Husbands, Committees, Trustees, or Attornies of any Person or Persons being Minors, under Coverture, Idiots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable by Law to accept such Shares and Allotments as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby enabled and required to accept thereof for the Use of such person or Persons so incapacitated as aforesaid, and such Acceptance shall be and is hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if the Person or Persons for or to whom such Allotments shall be made respectively were capable of acting for him(elf, herself, or themselves, and had accepted such Shares and Allotments as aforesaid; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided also, That the Non claim or Non-acceptance of any Guardian, Husband, Executor', Committee, or Trullee, shall not exclude or prejudice the Right or Claim of any Infant, Feme Covert, or Person under any Difibility as aforesaid, who shall claim or accept his or her Share or Allotment within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after such Disability or Incapacity shall be removed; nor shall any such Non-claim or Non-acceptance exclude or prejudice the Claim or Right of any Person entitled as Heir cr in Remainder after the Death of any Person dying under such Disability or Incapacity, the Person or Persons so entitled claiming or accepting his, her, or their Share or Allotment within the Space of S’X Calendar Months next after his, her, or their Right, Title, or Interest shall have defeended or accrued.

XLV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul, any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Meflliages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof; but that each and every Proprietor shall (land and be seised of the several Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds, to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to such and the fame Fifes, and for such and the lame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Grounds whereof such Proprietor was seised or possetled at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting of all and every or any Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds intended to be divided or inclosed by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, and of all Messuage3, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying in Garrijlown aforesaid, held therewith or included in any such Lease or Leases, and all other Agreements for any Term or Terms, at Rack Rent, or from Year to Year, or at Will, shall, at such Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint by any Writing under theit Hands, cease and be void the respective Owners and Proprietor^ of fdch Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, making such Satisfaction and Compensation to the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, as the respective Owners and Proprietors, and the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, shall agree upon; or in case he, she, or they shall dise-gree, as the said Commissioners shall order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants respectively, on Account thereof, as an Equivalent for the Loss or Losses he, she, or they shall respectively suffer or sustain on Account of the Determination of the fame J and any Sum of Money so directed to be paid by the said Commissioners shall and may be recovered by such Ways and Meanfc as the Coils, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, are herein directed to be recovered.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as conveniently may be after the said Commissioners shall have completed the Division and Allotments of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted pursuant to the Directions of this Act, they shall form and draw up an Award or Instrument in Writing, which shall express and denote the Quantity in Statute Measure of Acres, Roods, and Perches of the said Lands and Grounds, and the Quantity of each and every Part and Parcel thereof, which shall be assigned and allotted to or exchanged with each of the Parties entitled to and interested in the fame, and shall also contain a Description of the Situation, Abuttals, and Boundaries of the feme Parcels and Allotments respectively, and also of such Part or Parts thereof as are to be or remain Copyhold, Customaryhold, or Leasehold, and fifch Orders and-Directions for raffing and maintaining the Fences, and alfd for making, laying our, and maintaining proper Roads, Piflages, Bridges, Gates, Stiles, Drains, Tunnels, and Watercourses, ih, through, oVe'r, and upon the fame Premises, and such other Orders and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary to be inserted ift such Award, conformable to the true Purport and Tenor of this Act; and the said Award shall be fairly ingrossed or written on Parchment, (with a reduced Map or Plan of the said Parish of Garriftovsh thereto annexed), and signed and sealed by the said Commissioners and the said Award shall, within Six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof, be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Dublin, or in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, to the end Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said Pre^ miles, for the Inspection and Pertffal whereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid; and the said AwaVd, after such Inrolment as aforesaid, shall be depoftred and kept in the Parish Church of Garrijlokvr. or in such other Place within the said Parish as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and the said Award, or a true Copy thereof, or of any Part

7 thereof.

491

Leases at Rack Rent to be void.

Award to b« made-

49*

Commissioner» Award to be read and executed by them in the Presence of the Proprietors, (St.

Power to bor. tow Money.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

thereof, signed by the said Commissioners, or by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, or by the proper Officer of the Court or his Deputy where the fame shall be inrolled as aforesaid, (for which no more shall be paid than Two-pence per Sheer, each Slieec containing Seventy-two Words), shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, be admitted and allowed in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence of all Matters and Things therein contained; and the said Award, and the several Allotments, Partitions, Exchanges, Orders, Directions, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be binding and conclusive unto and upon all and every the l'everal Parties interested in and entitled unto the several and respective Premises so to be divided, allotted, inclosed, and exchanged as aforesaid, their several and respective Heirs and Assigns.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Award of the said Commissioners shall be read and executed by them in the Presence of the Proprietors who may attend at a Special Meeting called for that Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice at lealt shall be given in the Dublin Journal, or Dublin Evening Post, if then published, and if not, then in (ome other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Dublin; which Execution of such Award shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the Parish Church of GarriJiowny immediately after Divine Service; from the Time of which Proclamation only, and noc before, such Award shall be considered as complete.

XLIX. And whereas some of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Garriftcwn, may have Occasion to borrow Money to defray their respective Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution, and of inclosing and fencing their respective Allotments $ be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietors and Owners of such Lands and Grounds respectively, and also to and for the Huffiands, Guardians, Trustees, and Committees of any of the said Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or labouring under any other Disability whatsoever, and also to and for ail Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees, or Committees, of any Owners or Proprietors being under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, whether such Owners or Proprietors respectively be Tenants for Life, with or withouc Impeachment of Wade, Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or Tenants by the Curtesy, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, (other than and except the Vicar of the said Parish and his Succefiois, in respect of any Allotment or Allotments made to them respectively as Vicars as aforesaid), by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their respective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to charge the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted to them respectively by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, with any Sum or Sums of Money, for defraying their respective Proportions of the said Charges and Expences, and of inclosing and fencing their respective Allotments, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Acre of the Lands and Grounds so to be allotted to them respectively, the same to be paid

to

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 493

to such Person or Persons, and applied for the Purpo.fes aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and for i'e-curing the Repayment cf such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to grant, mortgage, lease, deniil’e, or other wise subj & the said Premises, or any Pait thereof, unto any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, or Security, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied, and so that in every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, or Security, which shall be made by any Person or Persons interested in or entitled unto the Premises for the Term of their natural Lives only, or by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be contained a Proviso or Covenant that the Owner or Proprietor of the said Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Interest of any Sum or Sums of Money to be thereby secured during their respective.Lives, and no Person afterwards becoming seised or possessed of the said Prem.fes, shall be liable to the Payment of any further or larger Ar-rear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall have commenced; and every such Grant, Mortgage,

Lease, or Demise of the said Premises, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and ^u^to he* they are hereby required to enter in a Book or Books to be provided for left with the that Purpose, an Account of all Monies whatever received from the Pro- ^r^Prn’^ prietors or others during the said Division and Inclosure, and also of all the Proprie-the Charges and Expences incurred in the Execution of this Act; which tot3*

Book or Books of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and be open at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure, and till all the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inipeftion of any of the Proprietors, without Fee or Reward i and in case the said Commissioners, or their said Clerk, shall neglect to procure and keep such Book or Books of Accounts as aforesaid, or refuse the Inipeftion thereof to any of the Proprietors at reasonable Times, the Party or Parties (b offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,' nor less than Five Pounds, and in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, before some Justice of the Peace for the f- County of Dublin, such Fine or Forfeiture shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justtce; and all such Fines and Forfeitures shall be applied and disposed of towards defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act; and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines or Forfeitures, and the Expencts of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and [ Loc. & Per.2 6 I *or

494 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reason^blf Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisncd.

Monies re*

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Sums of Money to

amountinh<to raised under and by virtue of the Powers contained in this Act, shall

50/. to be paid 'as often as the same shall amount to the Sum of Fifty'Pounds, be paid Hands of lb ii ‘nt0 ^an(^s of f°me Banker, or of such other Person or Persons as shall Person as shall be approved by a Majority in Value of such Proprietors who shall be pre-be approved fcfit at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners, and in the Notice of in Value oft} which Meeting shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing such the Pioprie- Banker' or such other Person or Persons; and that no Monies shall be issued out of the Hands of such Banker or other Person or Persons, without an Order of the said Commissioners, specifying the Person to whom the same are payable, and the Service for which the same are due; and that the Balance (if any) upon the final Settlement of Accounts, shall be immediately repaid to the Land Owners, in Proportion to the Sums respectively paid by them.

Commission-

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and a ci°rkl>i>CJint for the said Commissioners to nominare and appoint a Clerk to assist them in the Discharge of the Duties by this Act imposed, and to allow such Salary and Reward to such Clerk for his Trouble and Attendance, as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

commission-

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Commis-t^beexa?11'* Goners acting from Time to Time in the Execution of this Act, and each mined yearly, of them, shall make out an Account, containing a true Statement of all Sum and Sums of Money by him or them received or expended, or due to him or them for his or their own Trouble or Expences; and that such Account shall, at lead Once in every Year, from the Date of the passing of this Act, until such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined by George Burleigh of Burleigh Hill in the County of the Town of Carrickfergus, Esquire, and Henry Baker of Malahow, in the County of Dublin, Esquire, or One of them, or (in case of their Decease, or of their refusing or neglecting to examine such Accounts when thereunto required) by any Justice of the Peace acting for the said County of Dublin; and the Amount or Balance thereof shall be by them, or One of them, dated in the Book of Accounts by this Act required to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of such Commissioners as herein mentioned; and that no Charge or Items in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Persons as aforesaid, or One of them, in Manner aforesaid.

Appeal to the

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Body Session«. or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as arc herein ordered to be final or conclusive, and except in such Cases

where

495

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

where an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein mentioned) then and in every such Ca(e, he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices (not interested in the Premises, and who shall be of the Quorum) at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Dublin, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, or any Two of them. Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the said Justices (not interested in the Premises) at their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Cods and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Difcrc-tion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

LV. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act shall defeat. Saving the lessen, or prejudice, or be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors. Manor, or any of them, or of any other Manor or Manors within the said Parish of GarriJlownior the Time being, in or to the Seigniory, Royalties,

Rights, and Services incident and belonging to the said Manors; but that such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors for the Time being respectively, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Mines, Goods and Chattels of Felons, Fugitives, Felons of them-lelves, Persons put in Exigent, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Jurisdictions, Rights, and Preeminences whatsoever to the said Manors, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being respectively incident, appendant, appurtenant, belonging, or in anywise appertaining (save and except such Rights of Soil, and other Rights, and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred and destroyed) in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner as he, she, or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been passed.

LVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies SiV‘ns> Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Right, Title, and Interest, (other than and except such as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished) as they, every, or any of them, could oroughc to have had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or ouc of the said Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

49& 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Aatobe*1*

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and when so printed, may be King's Primer given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all judges and Jul-tices whomsoever/who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

♦♦ill*

Cap. 30.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts, the One made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act, for repairings widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Road leading from the Fourteenth Milefone, in the Rarish of Mothvey, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery to Llydad y Gwyn, in the Parish of Llandilovawr, and from thence by Cledfulch and over Duless Bridge to the Town of Llandilovawr, and from the said Town along the Pof Road by Rhiwy-radar, through the County of the Borough of Carmarthen and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavernspite in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; the other made and passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present [Loc. & Per.2 6K Majesty,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County; for discharging the Trustees from the Care and Management of certain Parts of the said Roads; and for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County.

[ 2 2d April 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the High Read leading from the Fourteenth Milefione in the Parish (/"Mothvey, in the Counts of Carmarthen, through Llandovery to Llydiady Gwyn, in the Parish of Llandilovawr, and from thence ly Clcdfulrh and over Dulrfs Bridge, to the Town of Llandilo-vawr, and from the said Town along the P of Road by Rhiwyradar, through the County of the Borough of Carman hen and Village of Sa nt Clears, to Tavernlpite in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borden of the County of Pem-*+ Geo. 3- broke: And whereas an Act was pasted in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said Counry: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Acts have pioceeded to put the fame in Execution, and made great Progress in repairing and improving such Road , and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money lo borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said recited Acts is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions altered Certain Roads and enlarged, and some further Tolls gran ed: And whereas such Part of ^fTr"6unnc" the said Roads in the said recited Acts mentioned, as lead from Pontarl-icche Bridge, on the Confines of the Pari Hies of Ltangaddock and Llandy-fant, in the said County of Carmarthen by Bwlcb-wernddu, and through Tallyfdm to the River Ufk, in the said Parish of Llandofant, at the Borders of the County of Breecn, and leading to Trecastle in the said County: and also the Road Irom the Village of sally jam, in the Parish of Llandcyfant, by Fra Hum Rlelin, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Llangaddock to Savidde Bridge, in the County of Carmarthen-, and to much of the Road leading from the Fourteenth Milefione in the said Parish of Mothvey, on the old Turnpike Road leading over Trecastle Mountain, to the Town of Llatidovefy aforesaid, as lies between the said Fourteenth Milestone and a certain Road leading from the Village of Mothvey, to Velindre Bridge in the Parish of Llandingat, in the said County of Carmarthen, are now become of little or no publick Utility; and it is expedient that the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, should be discharged from the future Care and Management of the New Roads, above mentioned Parts of the said Roads: And whereas the Road leading from or near Nantcoch Brook, near Cledfttlch aforesaid, on the Turnpike

Road

498

3 Geo 3.

499

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Road leading from the Town of Llanailovawr to the Town of Llandovery aforesaid, through the Vale of Towy, to join the said Turnpike Road at or near a certain Place on the said Road called Maefgooding in the Parish of Llanfadwrn, in the said County of Carmarthen; and also (he Road leading from the North End of a certain Bridge called Llangaddock Bridge, to join the said last mentioned Road; and also the Road leading from the South End of the said Bridge, through the Town of Llangaddock, to the South or South West End of a certain other Bridge called Rhydycir Bridge, near the Town of Llandovery aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Llangaddock, Motbvey, and Llandingat; and also the Road leading from or near the South Side of a certain Turnpike Gate, on the said Turnpike Road leading from the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen, to Tavernspite aforesaid, called the Royal Oak Turnpike Gate, situate in the said County of the Borough, to the Village of Llanftepban in the Parish of Llanftepban, in thefa'd County of Carmarthen, in, by, through, or near an old Road leading to certain Farms called Rkydy Gorse, Yftrad, and Havodwen, in the Parish of Saint Peter, in the said County of the Borough, and to or near Greencastle in the Parish of Llangain, and from thence across an old Road leading from Carmarthen to the Village ot Llanftepban aforesaid, near a certain common Pound belonging to and situate in the said Parish of Llangain, and by, through, or near certain Farms called Shopnewidd, JFainfort, Pentraethroe, Pilglafe, Cwmciyd, and Ferry Farm, situate in the several Parillies of Llangain arid Llanftepban, in the said County of Carmarthen, to the said Village of Llanftepban, and from thence to a certain Ford in the said Parish of Llanftepban called Laugharne Ford, are very ruinous, and in some Places narrow' and incommodious for Travellers and Passengers, and the lame cannot be sufficiently made, amended, altered, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and the several A5ls further Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things, [herein con- t‘ontlliUctl-tained (except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and the same are hereby further continued, and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, and for the Purposes of making, amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said several Roads described in the said Acts, and also for making, amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said f-veral new or additional Roads leading from or near Nantcoch Brock, near the said Place called Cledfulch, on the Turnpike Road, leading from the Town of Llandilovawr to the Town of Llandovery aforesaid, thro gh the Vale of Towy, to join the said Turnpike Road at or near a certain Place on the said Road called Maefgooding, in the Parish of Llanfadwrn, in the said County of Carmarthen-, and also the Road leading from the North End of a certain Bridge called Llangaddock Bridge, to join the said last mentioned Road; and also the Road leading from or near the South End of the said Bridge, through the said Town of Llangaddock, to the South or South West End of a certain other Bridge called Rhydycir Bridge, near the Town of Llandovery aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Llangaddock, Motbvey, and Llandingat j and also the Road leading from the

South

500

Trustees dif-charmed from the Care of cena n Roads.

Power to erect Turnpike Gates on the new Roads, and to take the like Tolls

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

South Side of a certain Turnpike Gate on the said Turnpike Road, leading from the said County of the Borough of Carmarthen to Tavern-spite aforesaid, called the Royal Oak Turnpike Gate, situate in the said County of the Borough, to the Village of Llanjlepban, in the Parish of Llanjlepban, in the said County of Carmarthen, in, by, through, or near an old Head leading to certain Farms called Rhydy Gorse, Tfirad, and Havodwen, in the Parish of Saint Peter, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and to or near Greencajll, in the Parish of Llangain, and from thence across an old Road leading from Carmarthen to the Village of Llanjlepban aforesaid, near a certain common Pound belonging to and situate in the said Parish of Llangain, and by, through, or near certain Farms called Shopnewidd, Wainjort, Pentraethroe, Pilglafe, Cwm-tlyd, and Ferry Farm, situate in the several Parishes of Llangain and Llanjlepban, in the said County of Catmarthen, to the said Village of Llanjlepban, and from thence to a certain Ford in the said Parish of Llanjlepban called Laugharne Ford, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this preienc Act, and as if the said new or additional Roads had been mentioned and comprized in and directed to be made, amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the said recited Act‘, but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Amendments, and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls by the said recited Acts and this Act granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be a Security, and subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame; and also of all other Sums of Money which shall be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act, and for all Interest to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts as relates to that Part of the said Roads as lead from Pontarlleehc Bridge, on the Confines of the said Parishes of Langaddock and Llandoyfant, by Bwlcb-wcrn-ddu and through Tallyfarn, to the River UJk, in the said Parish of Llandoyfant, at the Borders of the County of Brecon, and leading to Trecastle; and also the said Road from the Village of Tallyfarn, in the said Parish of Llandoyfant, by Trallum Melin, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Llangaddcck to Sawdde Bridge, in the said County of Carmarthen-, and also the Road leading from the Fourteenth Milestone, in the said Parish of Motbvey, to the Town of Llandovery, as lies between the said Fourteenth Milestone and a certain Road leading from the Village of Motbvey to Velindre Bridge, in the Parish of Llandingat, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, shall be and are hereby discharged from the future Care and Management of the above mentioned Parts of the said Roads.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more them, shall and may cause to be erected and let up One or more Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Patt of the said intended Branches of Roads (except as

herein-after

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

herein-after is mentioned) and in^ upon, across, any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, and from Time to Time remove the fame, and set up in lieu thereof or in addition thereto. One or more Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said intended Branches of Roads, and may also erect and set up a Toll House to each such Turnpike, with suitable and convenient Outbuildings thereto, and may also inclose from the said Road, or the Lands or Grounds adjoining thereto, convenient Garden Plots to the said Toll Houses, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may judge proper; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause the like Tolls for all Horses, Cattle, and other Beasts and Carriages whatsoever, to be demanded and taken, collected and levied, at each and every of such Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates so to be erected in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of the said intended Branches of Roads, as are given, granted, made payable, and authorized by the said recited Acts or either of them, to be taken on the Roads therein mentioned; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

5°*

as are directed by the said Acts to be taken.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Gate or Turnpike shall be erected by virtue of this Act, between the Royal Oak 'Turnpike Gate and Laugbarne Ford, but at or near a certain Farm called Pentowin, or within the Distance of Half a Mile from the said Ford.

V. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the Meetington said Trustees, it shall on any Emergency be thought necessary that an Ertierfiencies< earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by

such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, signed by Five or more of the acting Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purport of such intended Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Roads, of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being left than Five Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the said Trustees at every such Meeting, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the fame had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Per- obliging Sub-fons, who have subscribed Money for and towards making and repairing bribers to pay the said new or additional Roads, shall and they are hereby required to tion^SU Cr'P" pay the Sum or Sums so subscribed within such Time and Times, and in

such Parts and Proportions, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall and may he lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, in His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information* wherein no Essoign,

[Z.w. Es*Per.'] 6 L Protection,

502

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Application of

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed whae'ex^'ed' or awart'ec^ to Pa|d for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

inS ioo/.CCC " purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disabilicy or Incapacity, as in the said fit ft recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex pane the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or affefting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efieft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Setttlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lets than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being

Application where the Compensation does not exceed tool. nor lefg than ?© /.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 503

being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far at the Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo- App^c’ n ney so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be Money is left less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be ap- than so/, plied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being

have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit , or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled re-ipedively.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- For paying pences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act,

shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the former Acts and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said former Acts, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- publick Ail. judged, and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued Term of the by the said recited Acts shall, upon the parting hereof, cease and deter- Act< mine, and that the said recited Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan; Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

cn

u

4:

*1>A

v/

3 ( v ' Hi ti K*»'j

<CS

"*jEF* -

A»

iA

i 1

tx

' ' /’

-it - 1 f

,‘v t>

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 31.

An Act for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North or North-West End of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of Conwiil Rivet in the Parish of Conwiil Rivet, and through the Village of Velindre Shinkin in the Parish of Penboiry to the Town of Newcastle Rmlyn in the Parish of Cenarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen. [ 2 2d April 1803.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the North or North-Well End of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, to the Village of Conwiil Elvet in the Parish of Conwiil Elvet, and from thence through the Village of Velindre Sbinkin in the Parish of Penhcir, and also by or over Bwlchdommen to the Town of Newcastle Em-lyn, in the Parish of Cenarth, in the County of Carmarthen , and also the [Lor. & Peri] 6 M Road

506

Trustees

Names,

Choosing Trustees on

Death,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Road leading from the said Village of Conwill Elvet, to a certain Bridge called ¥ welly Bridge, in the Pari fit of Llangeller-, and also the Road leading from the said Village of Velindre Shinkin, by Henllan Bridge, to the said Town of Newcastle Emlyn; and also the Road leading from Henllan Bridge aforesaid to ¥ welly Bridge aforesaid and also the Road leading from the said Town of Newcastle Emlyn to Cenarth Bridge, in the Parish of Cenarth; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Newcastle Emlyn to Pontarfelly Bridge, in the said Parish of Cenarth; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Newcastle Emlyn to Cycb Bridge, in the said Parish of Cenarth-, (which said several Roads, some or One of them, lead through the Parish of Saint Peter, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and the several Parishes of Newchurch, Merthyr, Conwill Elvet, Aberrant, Cilrhedin, Cenarth, Llangeller, and Penboir, in the said County of Carmarthen) are much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually formed, amended, turned, altered, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enafied; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Owen Brigstocke, Richard Braithwaite, John Howell Bevan, Thomas Beynon Clerk, ¥homas Bowen Clerk, Thomas Beynon, John Browne, ¥homas Bowen, David Davies, David Davies Doctor of Physick, Evan Davies, Thomas Griffiths Clerk, Ambrose Goddard, John Hammet, John Hughes, David Jeremy, Morgan Jones, William Lewes, David Edward Lewes Lloyd, ¥homas Lloyd, John Lloyd Clerk, William Lewis, John Morgan, ¥homas Morgan, Charles Morgan, William Morris, Thomas Morris, Sir William Paxton, John George Philipps, Llewellyn Parry, David Saunders, David William Stephenson, Thomas Taylor, David Thomas, Edward Thomas, Nathaniel Thomas, Thomas Thomas, John Vaughan, James Hamlyn Williams, Lloyd Williams, Edward Walsh, and Daniel Williams, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, amending, turning, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the several Roads herein-before mentioned and described, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Timr, to elect and appoint One other fit Person residing or having an Estate in the said County of Carmarthen, or County of the Borough of Carmarthen, to be a Trustee in the Room of each Trustee dying or refusing to act as aforesaid, provided that Seven Days publick Notice of the Meeting for every such Election be given, by affixing the fame on all the Turnpikes which shall be then (landing upon the said Roads; and every Person who shall be so elected and appointed a Trustee is hereby vested with the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, in all Respects, as if such Person had been particularly named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Trustee, in any Cale in the Execution of this Act;, except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned in the First Instance (which Oath any Two or more of the Trustees are hereby empowered to administer), unless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person or Persons having an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of, or entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds, and until such Person (not being Heir Apparent as aforesaid) shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Words, or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I truly am in my own Right [or, in the c Right of my Wifej in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Re-

‘ ceipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the dear yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, ‘ or possessed of, or entitled to, a Personal Estate alone, or Real ‘ or Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds.

'So help me GOD.’

And if arty Person not being qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any further or other Proof on Behalf of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided always,' that any Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided also, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Carmarthen, may nevertheless act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested; but no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the House of Mary Stonehewer, known by the Sign of The Boar's Head in the Town of Carmarthen, on the Second Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and proceed to the

Execution

507

Qualification of the Trnf-tees.

Trustees Oat!.

Penalty on Persons ailing not being qua. lified.

Mortgagees may ait.

Trustees may ait as Justices, but not hold Places of Profit.

First Meeting of the Trustees.

5o&

For want of sufficient Number of Trustees, the Clerk to adjourn the Meeting,

Trustees to defray their own Expences.

Meetings on Emergencies.

No Acts, &c. to be valid unless done at Meetings.

Officer* to be

appointed.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves from Time to Time, to such Times and Places near the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, lMall think proper, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a suffit ient Number of Trustees to act or adjourn to any other Time and Place (Two Trustees being always to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only), then the Clerk to the Tiullees shall adjourn the said Meeting to and appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, on that Day Fortnight next after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to be held, and shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on all the Gates or Turnpikes then etefted by virtue of this Act, at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting; and no Business shall be begun or proceeded upon at any Meeting of the said Trustees before Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, nor shall any Adjournment be made to any later Hour than Four of the Clack in the Afternoon; and the said Trustees shall at all their Meetings defray their own Expences.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after such Adjournment, it shall on any Emergency be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk or Clerks, by an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of the acting Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in the Manner herein-before directed, such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, Resolutions, Determinations, and Proceedings of the said Trustees, or any of them, in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Trustees making the same, at some Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act; and that no such Act, Order, Resolution, or Determination shall be valid, unless so made, entered, and signed at such Meeting, and unless the Majority of the Trustees presentat such Meeting shall concur therein, and that no Act, Order, Resolution, Determination, or Proceeding of the said Trustees so made, entered, and signed as aforesaid, shall afterwards be altered, revoked, or let aside, by any subsequent Order of the said Trustees, unless at some publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which Meeting publick Notice shall be given, by affixing the fame on all the Turnpike Gates which shall be then (landing upon the said Roads, Ten Days at ieaft before such Meeting), nor unless Nine or more of the said Trustees shall concur therein j which Book or Books, and also the Book or Books herein-after directed to be kept for regifteiing Mortgages and Assignments, or Transcripts thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers,

Collector

5° 9

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $ r.

Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as they the said Trustees shall think necessary, and from Time to Time remove any such Officer or Officers; and on the Death or Deaths, Removal or Removals of such Officer or Officers, may appoint others in their Stead, but Ten Days Notice shall be given in Manner aforesaid of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be made, after the First Meeting of the said Trustees; and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to pay such Salaries, and make such Allowances to such Officers and other Persons employed, for their Services in or about the making, repairing, amending, turning, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or otherwise, in putting this Act in Execution, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treassurers, and Collectors and Receivers of the Tolls, to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet; and that no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act, who shall fell Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

X. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers, and all other Persons, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing, under their rel'peftive Hands, of all Monies (which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received by virtue of this Act, and how, and to whom, and for what Purposes the fame, and every Part thereof, hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath (which Oath any Two of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) and such Officers and Persons shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies, as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their or any of their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the said Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath, or to pay the Balance in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; or if such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Seven Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power, anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Roads, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing shall live and reside, by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on \Loc. £2* Per.2 6 N their

Treasurers to give Security.

No Victualler to hold a Place of Profit.

Officers to account on Oath.

5io 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. their Behalf, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to appear before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths, of any credible Witness or WitnessVs, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been so collected or received, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose (except for some reasonable Excuse) or if appearing, shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of such Accounts, or of the Artic'es thtreof, upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of (his Act, or to the said Roads, then and in either of the said Cases the said Justice may and is hereby authorized nnd required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to ihe Common Gaol of the County or Place where he or they shall live and reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress as shall in that Respect have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the lame, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby in such Case empowered to make,) or until he or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them j but no such Officer or other Person who shall be committed on account of his not having sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Twelve Calendar Months.

Trustees to appoint temporary Collectors.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or (bail abscond or absent himself, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting of the Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver; and in such Case, and also if any such Collector or Receiver shall

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $r. 511

shall die, such Trustees as aforesaid shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collecto: or Receiver of the Tolls, to continue to the then next Meeting of the Trustees, which Person lo nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, and in all Respects, as the Person who shall die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tells, who shall be discharged from his said Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, by any Two or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Toll House or Building shall be situated, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County or Place, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Ploufe or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Two or Trulteesem-more of them may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause frectTurn to be erected such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or pikes,*nd ' across the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also upon the take Tolls. Sides thereof, or across any Lane or Way leading into the fame, as they shall think proper; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause to be erected a Toll House adjoining to or near each Turnpike, with Outbuildings suitable thereto, and to take in and inclose sufficient Ground for Garden Spots for each Toll House, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper and direct; and the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at each and every of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calalh, Chair, Ca- Tolls, ravan, Hearse, or Litter, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses,

Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, (except as herein-after is excepted) the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing (except as herein-after is excepted) the Sum of One Penny:

For

512

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3r.

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, of Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, arid so in Proportion for any less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number.

fui\>Ut °n/C" Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in Tolls. ° £he Name of or as Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-afeer is directed; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall after Demand thereof made, neglector refuse to pay the fame, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect such Tolls, by himself, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary (and which Assistance all Persons are hereby required to give if called upon) to seize and distrain any Horses or other Cattle or Bealls, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harness, Accoutrements, or a sufficient Part thereof; and if such Tolls and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so distraining, shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, or o;her Things so distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any be) and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and reasonable Charges for making such Seizure and Distress, and keeping and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

Disputes con.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute to'be'ifttlcdS Oral! happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of keep, by a Justice. ing any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the fame, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Quantity of the Tolls due, and Charges of making such Distress, ant! of keeping and felling the fame, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace of the Councy or Place, who upon Application, made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter upon Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Wiineilcs, and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due; and also assess the Charges of such Distress, keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person, before he shall be obliged to return the Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

collectors Of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or tent WhmSfes. Litigation shall aril'e, touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

and*Tarpon Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Horse

ly Half Toils' or other Beall, Cart or other Carriage, laden with Lime, Coal, Turf, during certain or Peat only, or returning unladen, having delivered such Lime, Coal, un s' Turf, or Peat, or going empty for Lime, Coal, Turf, or Peat, shall be liable to One Half of the respective Tolls hereby granted, and no more,

7 for

5r3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

for palTing or repairing at any Time or Times with the fame Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, through all or any of the said Gates or Turnpikes to be erected upon the said Roads, or on the Sides thereof, during the Months of March, April, May, June, July, August, and September in every Year; and that no more than the said Half Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Bead, or Carriage, going for or returning after having delivered One and the fame Load of Lime, Coal, or Turf, notwithstanding such Horse, Bead, or Carriage shall not go and return the same Day.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject or liable to pay more than Two Tolls in any One Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, for palTing and repassing with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, through all or any Gate or Turnpike Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act; but that all and every Person and Persons having paid the said Two Tolls in the Whole, and such Person producing a Ticket denoting that the respective Toll hath been paid on that Day (which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver grads'), shall pass and repass the same Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads and Carriages Toll-free, through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected on the said Road by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Cattle or Carriage, pass through any Land, Ground, or Place (not being a publick Highway) adjoining to or lying near any of the said Roads; or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land, Ground, or Place, shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any Person or Persons, with any Cattle or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, other than the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors of the said Tolls, or shall forge or counterfeit any such Note or Ticket, or make use of any such forged or counterfeited Note or Ticket, knowing the same to have been forged or counterfeited, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pass through any of the said Turnpikes with any Horse, Carriage, or other Cattle, without Payment of the Tolls for the fame, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, or other Cattle, from any Carriage; or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Roads, any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle, or any Goods, or shall do any other Act in order or with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shilling,s One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be charged with any of the Tolls aforesaid for puffing through any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, going empty for, or car-

[.Lee. Per.] 6 0 tying

No more than Two Tolls to be paid each Day.

Penalty on evading the Tolls.

Exemptions from Toll.

5H

43° GEORGII

No Toll, if not going more than 300 Yards.

Trustees may compound for Tolls.

Miy lessen the Tolii.

III. Cap. 31.

Tying or conveying, or returning empty, after having drawn or carried any Materials for repairing the said Roads, or for amending any of the Highways within the Parishes or Townships in which the Roads directed to be repaired by this Act do lie, or for any Mould, Manure, or Compolt, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for manuring of any Garden, or other Land or Ground; or for Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of, or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements c-f Husbandry, or for any other Thing whatsoever used or employed in Husbandry, or in the manuring or flocking of Land, nor for any Hortt or Hotfcs, or other Cattle, going to or from Water, Pasture, Plough, < r other Work in Husbandry, or going to or returning from any Smith or Blacklmich’s Shep to be shoed, or for any Horses or Carriages, or Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from any Elrdlion of a Knight of the Shire or Member to serve in Parliament for the County, or County of the Borough of Carmarthen; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from Church or other idace of Divine Worship, or vificing the Sick, or from any Person going to or returning from Church or other Place of Divine Worship, fttuate in the Patish in which such Person shall dwell, upon Sundays or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or any Person going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person who shall die anti be busied in any Parish or Place in which the said Roads do or shall lie; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages employed in carrying the Mails of Letters cr Expresses under the Authority of His Ma:etly’s Post Master General, either in going or returning, full or empty; nor for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any such Officers or Soldiers wounded or disabled; or for any Horses or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Passes; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings: Provided always, that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Catrle, or Carriage, which shall net go more than Three hundred Yards upon the said Roads.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, as often as they shall think fit, to compound with any Person or Persons (except Common Carriers) who usually reside within Two Miles of any Gate or Turnpike, Side Gate or Side Gates, to be erected upon the said Roads, for passing through such Gates or Turnpikes with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, for any Sum of Money for or in lieu of the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted; which Compofiiion Money shall be always paid in Advance to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or o such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and shall be applied in the same Manner as the Tolls are in and by this Act directed to be applied.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered.

5i5

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

powered, from Time to Time, with the Consent of the Person or Periods entitled to Two-thirds of the Money which shall be then due upon the Credit of the said Tolls, to lessen or reduce, and to vary and alter the several Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and to raise the fame again, or any Part thereof, and to order and direct the same to be collected, received, and taken, in such Manner, Parcs, and Proportions as they shall think fit, so that the same shall never exceed the Tolls herein-before granted; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Trustees may or more of them, upon Six Days Notice, to be given upon all the the Tolls. Turnpikes then erected on the said Roads, may ac any Time during the Continuance of this Act, let to farm, or demise, all the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the fame from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years at any One letting, upon publick Bidding, to the highest Bidder, and for the best Price such Trustees can get for the fame, payable at such Times and in such Manner, and under such Covenants, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable; which Money so to be paid shall be applied and disposed of as the Tolls granted by this Act are directed to be applied and disposed of.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Turnpikes to the Turnpike Gates, Bars, Rails, and Fences, Toll Houses and Build- Trustees.m ings which shall be erected by virtue of this Act with their Appurtenances, and of the Materials for building or repairing the fame, and for completing and repairing the said Roads, and all other Materials collected

or made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to dispose of the same as they shall think proper , and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Cleikor Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors, or to prefer or cause to be preferred any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take away, break, or damage the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, or disturb them or their Agents or Servants in the Polfcdion thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said For borrow. Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at their first or any subsequent ingM°'iey. Meeting, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls payable by virtue of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and to mortgage and assign the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses for collecting the fame (the Costs and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls respectively) to any Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance or lend their Monies thereon, for any Time or Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums of Money that shall be borrowed, and the Interest thereof as aforesaid,

by

516

Form of assignraciit.

Mortgagees may allien.

Form of Transfer.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

by the following Words, under their Hands and Seals, or by ary other Words to the like Effect; (videlicet),

‘ OY virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth lie

Title of this Act'] We of the Trustees for the

‘ laid Roads, in Consideration of the Sum of to

‘ the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Roads in Hand paid, do graot,

‘ bargain, fell, and demise unto A.B. his Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising from the said Roads,

‘ and of the Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as ‘ the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum

due and owing on the Credit thereof, or charged upon the Term of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

‘ and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with Intered at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum

per Annum, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.’

And that Copies of all such Mortgages and Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgages, or Alignment or Alignments of the Tolls shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, is and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to align over or transfer such Security or Securities, or any Share thereof, and all or any Part of the Monies due thereon, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing an Instrument to be annexed to such Security, or by Indorsement on the fame, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; ([videlicet),

I A.B. do hereby transfer the within Mortgage £// by Indorsement, ‘ or if by a separate Instrument, a certain Mortgage] bearing Date the

Day of of the Tolls arising on

‘ the Roads to be made, amended, altered, widened, improved, and

kept in Repair, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of ‘ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Insert the Title of this ‘ Afl~\ and all my Right and Title to the Principal Money and Inte-

rest thereby secured, unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and ‘ Assigns.

Dated this Day of

A. b:

All which Transfers shall be produced or notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, specifying the Dates and the Names, Additions, and Places of Abode of the several Parries, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and no more, by the Person or Persons to whom such respective Transfers shall be made, which laid Book or Books

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Books shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Sum of One Shilling and no more, shall be paid to such Clerk or Clerks for every such Inspection; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignees may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made any such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage or Assignment, or any Monies due thereon.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, his, her, or their Assignee or Assignees, in respect to Priority of the Mortgage or Assignment, or of advancing such Sum or Sums of Money; but that all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made, as aforesaid, his, her, and their Assignee or Assignees, shall be (in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned) Creditors on this Act, and in equil Degree One with another.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and all such other Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making, amending, altering, widening, improving, or repairing the said Roads, out of any Wade or Common, River or Brook, in any Parish, Hamler, or Place in, adjoining to, or lying near the said Road, or in any neighbouring Parish, Hamler, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, they the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or (loping the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if sufficient Quantities of Materials cannot be had or found in or upon any such Wade or Common, River or Brook, then and in such Case the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may by Order from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, search for, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials in and out of the Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found, such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a Floufe, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making, repairing, diverting, widening, and improving the said Road, shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County or County of the Borough wherein such Fields, Lands, and Grounds shall lie, shall and may, on Seven Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Owner

[Loc. & Per.'] 6 P or

517

AH Creditors to be deemed equal in Degree.

For getting Materials to repair the R-»acts.

Private

Grounds.

51B 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by them to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at their respective Places of Abode, hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payment and Damages, and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

Nctics to be given to the Occupiers of Lands before Mmeiials are taken there-fror.i.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for the Purposes of this Act, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, uncil Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Land Owner or his Agent, or to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House or last or usual Place of Abode of such Occupier, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place wherein such Premises shall lie, to shew Caule why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Land Owner, Agent, or Occupier, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyors or other Persons to dig, gather, get, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or to such Justice or Justices, shall seem proper; and if such Land Owner or Occupier shall (except for some reasonable Excuse) neglect or reful'e to appear by himself or herself, or Agent, the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent had attended.

ukin^awa

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever Materials.3^ shall take away any Materials which have been dug or gathered in any Lands, Fields, Grounds, Wastes, or Commons, Rivers, or Brooks, for the Purposes of this Act, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarty which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the said Surveyors, or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein fur the Space of Twenty-one Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor Id's than Ten Shillings.

Forremoving

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur-Annoyances. veyor Q(. Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove all Annoyances made on any Dart of the said Roads by Timber, Stones, Carriages, Saw-pits, Hovels, Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, Straw, or otherw.fe, and to turn any Water-couries, Sinks, or Drains, running along, into, or out of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, icour, cleanse, widen, and make deeper any Watercourse, or Ditches adjoining or near thereto, and make the lame as deep and large as he or they shall think necessary; and to cut down, lop or top any Trees, Branches, Shrubs, or Bullies growing in the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto; and to take

and

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3r. 519

and carry away the fame respectively, and to cut and reduce all such Hedges to the Height of Four Feet, in case the Persons occasioning such Annoyances shall neglerff to remove the fame, or the Owner or Occupiers of the Lands shall negltCl to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercourses or Ditches, or to lop or top, and remove such Boughs,

Bushes, or Lops, and reduce such Hedges in such Manner as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall order and direct, for the Space of Seven Days next after Notice in Writing given for t’nose respective Purposes, under the Hands of such respective Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them)shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers, the same to be recovered and applied in such Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered and applied; and such Owners or Occupiers so neglecting to open, deepen, and cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, or to cut and reduce such Hedges within the Time aforesaid, after such Notice given, shall likewise forfeit for every Foot in Length any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, over and besides the Charges to be settled as aforesaid; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every such Person shall for every such subsequent Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, over and above the Penalty and Charges above mentioned.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Ajainst draw-draw or cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree

or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, Wheel Car-or shall suffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber or Stone, which nages' shall be conveyed on any Wheel Carriage, to drag or trail upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said To make Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint or employ (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that or "repair Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them), to make Brl<, Ses' or cause to be made causeways, and also covered or open Drains and Ditches, in and upon or on the Sides of the said Roads, and also through any Grounds or Fields lying contiguous thereto, and to scour such Ditches and Drains, so as effectually to carry off the Water from any Part of the said Roads, and also to make or cause to be made, a Road through the Grounds or Fields adjoining or lying near to any hollow Way, narrow or ruinous Part of the said Roads (such Ground respectively not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building (lands, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), to be made use of as a publick Highway, whilst the old Road is repairing or widening, and until such Time as it shall be convenient for Piflengers and Carriages to pass along the fame, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively for the Damages they shall or may thereby fultain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the

Works

520 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Works aforesaid upon or through any Common or Waste Ground; and also by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees, to build and ered any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and aciols any River, Stream, Brook, Water, Ditch or Drain therein, or contiguous thereto. Notice of such Intention to build, erect, or repair any Bridge, being first given, by affixing the fame on all the Turnpike Gates that shall be then credited by virtue of this Act, at lead Seven Days before any Meeting at which such Order to build, erect, or repair any Bridge, shall be made.

prrioi'j'tha'c2

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall *bitruft Sur- inteirupt or hinder, or cause to be interrupted or hindered any Turnpike r yors in their Surveyor, or other Person or Persons by him, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, and while doing or performing any Work authorized to be done or performed, by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfcic any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor Ids than Twenty Shillings.

comrsi* ry

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five pm chafe of or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from taken\nu>be Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to widen or divert, turn, Road. shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said

Roads, and that any Variation of Road may be made through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private Grounds or other Hereditaments, making Sa-tisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain j and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by widening, diverting, turning, lhortening, varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands or Hereditaments; and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, and Committees, Executors, or Administrators, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Infant Wards, Cestuique Trusts, Lunaticks, or Persons of unfound Memory and U.nderstanding, and to and ior all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contradts, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffes, Trustees, Committees, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 521

this Act; and if any such Bodies, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, Where Per-interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, oTVVr'ie'to* or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or treat, other Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of such Road is to be widened, turned, or altered, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or Damage and any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage and Recornpence to Keomp^ence be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the ^'Tjury.' County or Place wherein the Premises lie, and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine on Oath any Person or Persons whomso- witnessetto ever (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and such Trustees, or any Five or more of Affirmation, them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damages and Recornpence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdictt or Inquisition of such Jury, which said Judgement or Inquifuion, VerdiaofEn-Order or Determination thereupon, shall be final and conclufi-'e, to ail cjuiryiitobe Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming na ‘ or to claim in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for summoning and returning such Jury, the for impannel-said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to ling a jury. ifTiie their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, requiring him to impanne), summon, and return Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve on Juries, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanne!, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summon', the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required, to draw by Ballot, and to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff, of his Deputy or Deputies, or any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall return fopie other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or thac speedily can be procured, to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges \_Lqc. £j? Per.~\ 6 against

52 2

Juror« may be challenged.

How Expence* of Jury, &fr. shall be paid.

Upon Payment of the Pui chafe Money, the Land* to be laid into the Road.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, aftieg in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sher.ff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be ium-moned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear (except for some reasonable Excule), or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, shall refuse to give or not give a Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, so as no such Fine be more than Tea Pounds nor less than Five Pounds on any One Person for One Offence.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Property cf any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them Curtained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, out of any Money arisen or to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Differences, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the Did Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the respective County or Place, not interested in the Matter in Question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls or other Money arising by virtue of this Act, according to the

Directions

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $i. S23

Directions herein-after contained, either into the Bank of England, or as the Case may be, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents 5 and upon Payment thereof, or (in case of Refusal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with), upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Roads, for the Use of such Parties or Persons; and after Fourteen Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments, such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the Roads in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and shall be sufficiently ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall to all Intents and Purposes become and be deemed a common Highway, and shall from thenceforth for ever be deemed as Part of the Roads by this Act directed to be amended and kept in Repair; and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be diverted of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments; but no Part of the said Road shall be made of any greater Width, by virtue of this Act, than Thirty-two Feet; and after such new Former Road* Road shall be completed, the Land comprized in constituting the old or yPed u'd or former Road shall be verted in the said Trustees, and shall or may be Hopped up, or left unrepaired, unless the fame may be wanted for any publick Use, or for the particular Convenience of the Occupancy of any Lands or Tenements to which the fame may lead, or shall be by them the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, fold for the best Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or exchanged for other Lands used for the Purposes of this Act; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Conveyance to be made of such Lands, being executed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Lands lie, shall be gocd and effectual to all Intents and Purports; but this Act shall not extend or give Power to the Trurt tees acting in the Execution thereof, to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in any Land that is a Garden adjoining to any Dwelling House, or any Orchard, Yard, Park, Plantation, or Avenue to a House, or any Part thereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application of agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, ^exceed" taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purports ing 100l. thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infanr,

Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an Order made upon Petition to be preftnted in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part there-

5^4 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

of, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affiding other Lands or Hereditaments {landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid cut and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Acountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Poundi and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, to be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application where the Com pen f ation does not exceed 100l. nor lets than 20/.

Application

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such where the Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall thin *0/le<* less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the l'amo shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in

43° GEORGII / III. Cap. 31, 525

such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,*'shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or theiV Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tr uftees may Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and fur the Surveyor or Sur- 'o make the veyors, and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time Road, to Time, to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon any Road shall be thought proper to be made, widened, altered, or turned, and to flake out, alter, and turn the fame in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment, for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the Damage that shall be done to the Land or Ground on the Side of any new Road whilst the same shall be making, widening, altering, or turning, in case such Damage shall exceed the Sum of Ten Shillings; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes, or other Marks used in laying our, making, altering, or turning any such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor lets than Ten Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Places where the Course Trustees to of any Part of the present Roads shall be directed from the old Line of new

Road, or a new Road shall be made (except any Open Common Field Land, or Common or Waste Ground), or where the old Road shall be widened, in all such Cases (except as aforesaid) the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and are hereby required to cause good and sufficient Mounds, Rails, and Fences to be made and provided, and Quicksets to be planted, or sufficient Stone Walls to be built, in an Husbandlike Manner, on both Sides of such new Roads where the fame is necessary, and shall support such Mounds, Walls, Rails, and Fences, for and during the Term of One Year from the first making thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Trustees may or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from f°[le

Time to Time, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the Roads."5 repairing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for all or any other of the Works to be done and performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writ'ng entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be binding to the said Trustees, and other Parties, who shall sign the lame, his, her, or their Successars, Executors, and Administrators respectively; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contracts or Agreements.

fLoc. £sf Per.

6 R

I

526 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Perron. liabU XLtl. And be it further enacted, That where any particular Part of KoadMo'con- Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or tinue so. Watercourses, lying in and upon the lame Roads, have been accustomed or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Ward, Parish or Township, all and every such Part and Parts of the said Roads, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, shall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, County, Wards, Parishes, or Townships respectively, and in such Manner as the fame ought to have been respectively maintained and kept in Repair in case this Act had not been made.

tobeccnti-*7

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons aued. by Law chargeable towards repairing any Part or Parts of the said Roads,

or any Bridges thereon, shall (fill remain so chargeable, and shall do their respective Statute Duty and other Work in or upon the said Roads, and the other Highways of the Parishes, Townships, or Districts, in which the said Roads lie, in like Manner as before the passing of this Act (fub-jest nevertheless to the Regulations herein-after expressed concerning the same); and where any old Road shall be discontinued by virtue of this Act, such Statute and other Work shall be performed upon the new Road made in lieu thereof.

tut"Work1" XLIV. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute

shall be appor. Work ought to be performed on the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the tioned. several Parishes, Townships, and Districts, through which the said Roads pass; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Carmarthen, or County of the Borough of Carmarthen, or either of them in their respective Jurisdictions, and such Justices are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers j and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices in their respective Jurisdictions, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices respectively, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within every such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and

Efleft

52 7

43° GEORGII iri^ Cap. $u

Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices reflectively shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to the Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices respectively shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices respectively shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices respectively shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty i- by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and ea.h and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effedi for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to compound and agree by the Year, or otherwise, with the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, liable or chargeable with or towards the Repair of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses, lying in and upon the fame, or the Performance of Statute Work thereon, for the Payment of a Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of such Repairs and Statute Work respectively, and also for the respective Surveyors of the

Highways

Statute and other Work may be compounded for.

$28

For recovering the Competition Monies.

How Surveyor* of the Highways are to be reimbursed, and Competition Money paid by them.

Mile Stones and Direction Ports to be erected.

How Penalties and Forfeiture* are to be recovered and applied.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2, i.

Highways of any of the said Parishes, Tuwnships, and Distridlj, through which the said Roads pass, to compound and agree by the Year, or other-wile, with the said Trustees, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, and Districts, upon any Pan or Parts of the said Roads.

XLVL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Money agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or in lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Cornpofuion Money respectively, shall not be paid within Five Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Carmarthen, or County of the Borough of Carmarthen, within their respective Jurisdictions, upon Application made by any Five Trustees, under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Comp< fition Money (Oath having been first made before such Justice or Justices that the fame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath they are hereby respectively empowered to administer), to levy such Composition Money by Distrtfs of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons, having so compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways who shall pay 2ny such Composition Money, or of whom the same shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the Composition Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways and Means, and in such Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause the said Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones or Posts to be let up, and from Time to Time renewed on the Sides thereof respectively, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, and also proper Direction Posts where any other Roads lead out of or into the said Roads; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull down, destroy, or damage any of the Stones or Polts which shall be so fixed or set up, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions or Letters which shall be engraven or made thereon, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person lo offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum r.ot exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act imposed or authorized to be imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise particularly directed), shall upon Proof of the Offences, and Conviction of the Offenders

respectively,

529

43°- GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

respectively, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath gratis), and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress are deducted, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines (if not otherwise directed by this Act) shall be paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County or County of the Borough, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

L. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act in Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their or any of their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the said Borough or County, and near to the Place where the Offence shall be committed $ and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next General Quarter Session to be holden for the County of Carmarthen, or General Session for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, in their respective Jurisdictions, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Session as aforesaid, ic shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, or County of the Borough, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment,

6 5

For fecui ing

transient

Offenders.

[Lee. Gf Per.]

LI. And,

53® 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31*

Form of Con- LI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act; be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame EffeS, as the Case shall happen; (videlicet),

pE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

‘ A.B. is conviSed before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of (specifying the Offence.

Time, and Place, when and where the fame was committed, as the Case ‘ ffall bef Given under my Hand and heal the Day and Year first above

mentioned.’

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lions. think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing

done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Relief hath been herein-before provided (favc and except the VerdiS of the Jury, and apy Determination, Proceeding, Matter or Thing, herein-before dircSed ty> be final), such Person or Persons may within Six Calendar Months after the Caule of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County of Carmarthen, or General Sessions for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, in their respective Jurisdictions, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice in Writ- ing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the

Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk, or Treasurer or Treasurers, of the said Roads, and within Three Days after such Notice, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the County or County of the Borough as aforesaid, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, by such Justices; and the Justices at their respective Sessions, on due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed in, hear, and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award Costs to the Party appealing, or appealed against, as they shall think proper; and their Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

Proceedings

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or quafted for concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings want of Form, to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be qua/hed for want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at hVeJlminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trefl-passers, on account of any Dc-fest or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Tref-

passers

53i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

passers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Cafe 5 but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation of menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance Aa‘ons* of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Fact shall be committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may, at his and their Election, plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall or may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafe by Law.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be ^a^ecfsbr,y sued, for or concerning any Thing that shall be done against or by virtue ft15d in the of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, or Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced fuier, by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk, or Treasurer or Treasurers, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk, or Treasurer or Treasurers, or by the Act of such Clerk, or Treasurer or Treasurers, without the Consent of the said Trustees; but that the Clerk, or Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants, as the Case may be, in every such Action; and every such Clerk, or Treasurer or Treasurers, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to aril'e by virtue of this Act all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he or they shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid.

532 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

pa raentof

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who have Subscriptions. subscribed any Money for or towards defraying the Expences of executing this Act, shall, and they are hereby required to pay such Money within such Times, and to such Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, finaIt order and direct; and in Default of such Payment, such Money shall be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, to be brought by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Great Sessions in Wales.

Fcr Payment LV1L And be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies that of piling'hit shall be raised by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or A&- more of them, shall pay and discharge all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, in Further Ap- Preference to any other Payment whatsoever; and after Payment thereof. Money" of Money as shall arise by virtue hereof shall be from Time to Time applied in the Execution of this Act, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

7 ut

Pullick Aa.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to he a publick Ad; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Term of the Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon and have Continuance from the passing thereof for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

V

Cap. 32.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Public Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Public Conduits and Aff'zoGee 2. other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Act and the Money raised under the fame have, by Experience, been found wholly inadequate and insufficient for the Purposes intended by the said Act; and it is therefore become necessary for the more effectually supplying the said Town with Water, that the said Act Should be amended, and further and other Powers and Provisions granted and made for the Purpose of securing to the Inhabitants of the said Town and Shipping resorting to the Port of the said Town, a more abundant Supply of Water; and also for the more effectual Prevention and extinguishing of Fires, and providing Fire Engines and Fire Men within the said Town; and that the Money necessary for the Purposes aforesaid should be raised by an equal and more adequate Assessment: May it therefore please your Majesty, That ir may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Appoint-of the fame, That from and after the Second Wednesday after passing this ment and Act so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Appointment, Election of

534 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Qualification, Election, and Meetings of the Commissioners of Waterworks within the said Town, and to the Nomination and Appointment of Treasurer, Clerk, Assessors, and other Officers; and also as to the making, raising, levying, and collecting, any Rate or Assessment for the Purposes of the said Act shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

New Ap-

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Second pointment of Wednesday after passing this Act the Mayor, Recorder, and other Members Commission- of the Common Council of the said Town of Southampton for the Time being, together with Twenty-four of the Inhabitants of the said Town, qualified and to be defied as hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this A<4, and for carrying into Execution all the Powers and Authorities in and by this Act given and granted; and also the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Act as far as the same are not repealed by this Act, and who shall be called the Commissioners of the Waterworks of the Town of Southampton.

III. And be it further enacted, That Six of the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall bechofen by and out of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Holy Rood, Six others by and out of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Michael, Six others by and out of the Inhabitants of the Parish of /IIISaints, Twoothers by and out of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John, Two others by and out of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Lawrence, and the remaining Two by and out of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary; and no Person shall be eligible as or be defied a Commissioner, unless he shall be rated and pay towards the Relief of the Poor of the Parish in which he shall be chosen, and unless he shall be (o rated and pay to the Relief of the Poor in respect of l'ome Edate in some one or more of the Parishes aforesaid, valued in such Rate at Twenty-five Pounds per Annum or upwards.

Mode of

IV. And be it further enacted, That on the said Second Wednesday after Elcition. passing this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, the respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the several Parishes aforesaid for the Time being, and also such of the respective Inhabitants of the said Parishes as shall be rated and pay towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parishes respectively, shall meet in the Vedry or other Room of their respective Parishes, where parochial or public Business is usually transacted; and the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, or such of them as shall then be there present, or in case of the Absence of the Churchwardens and Overseers, the Inhabitants then present shall then and there, by the Majority of the Votes of the said Persons present, nominate, chuse, and appoint the respective Numbers herein-before mentioned, of the mod discreet Inhabitants of the fame Parishes respectively (qualified as aforesaid) to be Commissioners of the Waterworks of the said Town; and in case of an Equality of Voices, then One of the said Persons to be decided by Ballot shall have the cading Vote; and One Half of such Commissioners chosen in each Parish shall remain Commissioners for the Period of Three Years next after such Election, and at the Expiration of that Term shall go out by Ballot, and a like Number shall be elected in each Parish, Commissioners in their Stead, in Manner herein-before described; and the remaining Half of the said Commissioners shall continue Commissioners for the Period of

Six

Number of Commissioners to be chosen by the Parishes.

535

.43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Six Years, and at the Expiration of the said Six Years shall go out, and a like Number shall be elected in each Parish in their Stead; and all such Commissioners chosen in the Stead of others going out shall remain Commissioners for Six Years, and from thence until others shall be elected in their Room, and such Elections shall take place at the Expiration of the said Terms respectively, on the Easter Tu.efda'f in the Year, when such Terms shall expire; and in case any Person so elected shall die or remove, on hold any Office or Contract under the said Commissioners, or cease to be an Inhabitant of the said Town, or become disqualified by reason of his ceasing to possess or occupy such Estate of the Value aforesaid before the Expiration of the Period for which he shall have been appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful lor the said Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants of the Parish for which such Person was a Commissioner, and they are hereby required as soon after as a convenient Time can be appointed for the Purpose, to meet in the Vestry-Room or other Place as aforesaid, and elect in Manner aforesaid some other Person, being such Inhabitant, to fill such Vacancy, who shall thenceforth be a Commissioner for the Remainder of the Period for which the Person in whole Stead he shall be so elected would have continued a Commissioner; and Fourteen Days Notice of every such Meeting ac the lead shall be given in Writing on the Door of the Parish Church by the Churchwardens of the Parish, and the Names of the Persons from Time to Time elected shall be entered in the Church Books of the respective Parishes, and shall also be returned by the respective Churchwardens or Overseers, or some or One of them, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners at their Eirft Meeting next after such Election; and the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or some or One of them, shall and are hereby required within Three Days after such Election or Elections, to give to the Person or Persons so elected, or cause to be left at his or their Place or Places of Abode, Notice thereof in Writing, and of the Time and Place of the next Meeting of the Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person not qualified as afote- penalty for said who shall presume to act as a Commissioner as aforesaid, shall forfeit acting wich-and pay for every Time he shall so act, the Sum of Fifty Poundsout. QHal>6* to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in catl0,u any of His Majesty's Courcs of Record at Westminster by Action of

Debt, or on the Cafe wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and the Person so sued shall prove that he was so qualified at the Time he acted, or otherwise shall forfeit and pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person acted as such Commissioner.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting Officers (ex-as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act during the Time heceptTrea-shall hold any Office under the said Commissioners (except the Office of

Treasurer), or during such Time as he shall enter into or be engaged in, ag as Com-0 or have the Benefit of any Contract, or any Share or Interest in any Con- missioners. tract whatsoever relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act or of the said recited Act.

536 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Commission-

VII. And be it further enacted, "Fhat no Person or Persons shall be the r^0 caPable of acting as a Commissioner, or taking upon him or themselves the takeanOach. Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given them by this Act, (save and except the Power of administering one to another the Oath hereinafter directed and prescribed^ until he and they shall have severally taken and subscribed the fame, viz.

" wA.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, ac- " cording to the belt of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the ct several Powers and Trulls reposed in me as a Commissioner appointed " in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-third Year " of the Reign of King George the Third, intitled (here set forth the Title " of the Afl) and that without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or " Malice.

'So help me GOD."

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, at the First or any subsequent Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, are hereby empowered and required to administer.

Meeting;! of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Conr.mission- Seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to meet at the Audit House within the said Town, if the Consent of the Mayor for the Time being is first had and obtained for that Purpose, or if such Consent is not given, then at some other Place within the said Town, on the Monday Fortnight next after the Day of passing this Act, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and then and there from Time to Time afterwards to adjourn themselves and meet at the Audit House or other Place as often as they or any Seven or more of them shall think necessary and proper for the due Execution of this Act and the said recited Act; and at every such Meeting the Mayor for the Time being, if present, or in his Absence the last preceding Mayor, if present, shall be President, and in case neither of them shall be present, any One of the said Commissioners, to be decided by Ballot, shall be President, and in case of an Equality of Voices, such President shall have the Calling Vote.

Power of Ad-

IX. Provided always, That Two Commissioners shall be sufficient for joumment. the Purpose of Adjournment only; and in case Two Commissioners shall not meet, then the Clerk to the Commissioners shall adjourn such Meeting: Provided also, That no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Space of Time than Fourteen Days; and if it shall happen at such First or any subsequent Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall not meet, or if no Adjournment shall be made of any such Meeting, or any Adjournment shall be made for a longer Space of Time than Fourteen Days, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may, by Public Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the Public Market Place or Town Hall within the said Town, and on the Doors of the several Parish Churches in the said Town, appoint a Meeting at the usual Place at any Time not less than Three Days, or more than Six Days next after such Notices shall be given as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may meet accordingly at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Notice, and pro-11 ceed,

43° GEORGII lU. Cap. 32. 537

ceed in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act, and also shall Commissi-and may make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to them, or the Orderi° &c ' Majority of them present at any such Meeting, shall appear necessary for the better and more effectually carrying this Act, and also the said recited Act, into Execution; and the said Commissioners shall at all their Meetings pay their own Charges and Expences.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Se- Power to ven or more of them, assembled at any Meeting, may make any Orders, vary °rder1. Rules, or Regulations necessary for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act; or may vary, alter, or make void any Orders, Rules, or Regulations before made: Provided always, That no

Act or Order to be made by the said Commissioners shall be valid unless done or made at a Meeting of the Commissioners to be held in pursuance of this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more Commission-

of them, shall cause to be provided and kept Books wherein the Names ers

of the several Commissioners attending such Meetings, and the Nomina- e°°erSp"0_

tion of all Officers and Persons who shall be employed in the Execution ceerfings.

of this Act, and all Contrafts entered into by the said Commissioners, and

all Rules, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners at

such Meetings shall from Time to Time be fairly written and entered by

their Clerk, or by such other Person as the President, at any Meeting in

case of the Absence or Disability of the Clerk, shall nominate or appoint;

and the President for the Time being, and the Clerk attending such Orders to be

Meeting, or the Person acting for him, shall subscribe their Names at t>y the

the Fuot of the Entry of the Proceedings of every such Meeting; and ^'d'cicrk

all such Entries lo made and signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in all Cause, Suits, and

Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of or by the Authority of this Act, or of the said recited Act; and all such Books (hill, at

every Meeting of the said Commissioners, be open to the Inspection of

every Person rated and paying to the Rates which shall be made in pursuance of or by virtue of this Act.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Order, Rule, or Ten Days Regulation made by the said Commissioners shall be altered, varied, or Noiice to be rescinded, unless Ten Days previous Notice of such intended Altera- ^heration"* tion shall have been given to the Commissioners, nor unless more Com- be made in missioners than were consenting to the making such Order, Rule, or Re- any Order, gulation shall be present and consenting to the Alteration, varying, and &c-rescinding such Order.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Commission. Nine or more of them, shall from Time to Time nominate and efs to ap-appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and One or more Collector or Collectors Point^®' of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and for the Purposes of

this Act and of the said recited Act; and also One or more Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or Officers and Firemen as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think necessary to employ for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, may remove or displace all or any such Officers and Persons and nominate and appoint others: Provided always, That no such Officer or Person shall be removed or displaced unless [Loc. Cf Per.] 6 U at

553

Officers to give Security.

Officers how to be paid.

Officers to account.

Officers mif-behaving.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

at a Meeting of the said Commissioners, of which Ten Days’ Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk of the said Commissioners of the Intention of removing or displacing fetch Officers or Persons, or less at his usual Place of Ab >de; and the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to take such Security from Time to Time from the said Treasurer and Clerk and Coiledor or Collectors as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; and the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered out of the Rates to be collected by virtue of this Act, to make such Allowance or Allowances to such Officers or Persons respectively as to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall seem reasonable; and every Officer and other Person so to be appointed shall, under his H ind, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any' Nine or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Wriling of all Monies which shall have been by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act paid to and disbursed by him by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall also at the like Times and in like Manner pay all such Monies as shall remain in his Hands to the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Nine or more of them, shall appoint; and every Officer and Person accounting as aforesaid shall, upon Oath (which Oath, the Mayor or any other Joffice of the Peace of the Town and County of Southampton, if present, or the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer) verify his Account, and if any such Officer shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the fame, or the Vouchers relating to the fame, and all Books and Papers belonging to the said Commissioners, or relating to the Execution of this Act, or to make Payment as aforesaid, then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Town and County of Southampton, upon Complainc thereof made to him or them by the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, may, and is and are hereby authorized and required, to ififue a Summons under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, requiring such Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid to appear before him or them, at such Time and Place a3 shall in such Summons be appointed (which Summons shall be directed ro and served by One of the Constables or Beadles of any or either of the Parishes, Wards, or Places within the said Town, by giving it to or leaving it at the House or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person), and in case of such Officer or Person appearing or making Default, or not being to be found, the said Justice or Justices shall and may hear and determine the Matcer of such Complaint in a Summary Way, and if, upon the Contession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies that Hull have been collected or raised by virtue

539

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

virtue of this Act, or any of the Accounts, Books, Papers, and Documents belonging to the said Commissioners, or relating to the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Person, such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required, upon Non-Payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be directed to One of the Constables or Beadles aforesaid, to cause such Monies to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer and Person; and if the Goods and Chattels of such Officer and Person shall not be sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, or in case of the Non-Delivery of such Accounts, Books, Papers, and Documents pursuant to the Order of such Justice or Justices, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the Town of Southampton until he shall make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shill have compounded with the said Commissioners or any Nine or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, which Composition the said Commissioners or any Nine or more of them are hereby empowered to make, or shall have delivered up all such Accounts, Books, Papers, and Documents, or shall have conformed to the Order of such Justice or Justices in that Respect.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from the Second Wednesday after passing this Act, the Property of and in all the Conduits, Pipes, Water-Houses, and other Water-Works, of and belonging to the said Town of Southampton, or which shall or may hereafter belong to the fame, and all the Materials to the fame respectively belonging, and all Engines, Buckets, Tools, Implements, and Things of whatever Description the fame may be heretofore or hereafter provided for any of the Purposes of this Act; and alfa all Books, Writings, Papers, and Documents relating to the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and all the Springs and Water wherewith the same shall be supplied, shall be and they are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and they or any Seven or more of them are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being, or to prefer and prosecute any Bill or Bills of Indictment, as the Case shall require, against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away any Part or Parts thereof, or any other Matter or Thing so vested in the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or dillurb them in the L’offession thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to fell and difpufe of all or any Part of the Old Pipes and Materials, or any Engines, Buckets, Pools, Implements, or other Things aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame; and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied to such and the fame Purposes as the Monies arising from the Rates and Assessments in and by this Act directed to be made are directed to be applied.

Water-work« vested in Commission-ert.

CommilEon-ers empowered to bring flftions or prefer Io-di&ments.

Commissioners may fell old Materials.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any power to Seven or more of them may, and they are hereby empowered from contract. Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to contract with any Person or Persons for the repairing or altering the present Water-Works of the said

540

Water not to be conveyed into Pipes heretofore used.

New Assessment.

Rate not to exceed Sixpence in the Pound.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

said Town, and to agree or 'ontraft with any Person or Persons for bringing and conveying into the said Town and Parishes, and into the Houses of the respective Inhabitants of the fame, a further and better Supply of good and wholesome Water, and for fully and effectually carrying the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Effect, provided that no such Contraft shall be entered into unless Ten Days’Notice shall have been given in Manner directed for Notices of Meetings of Commissioners, of the Intention of the said Commissioners to contract for the Purposes for which such Contraft shall be intended to be made, in order that any Person or Persons willing to enter into any such Contraft may deliver Pro-pofals for that Purpose.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall empower the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons contrafting with them or acting under them, to carry or convey any Water, Spring, Stream, Brook, or Rivulet whatsoever not heretofore used in the Supply of the said Town under the said recited Act, into any Pipe, Conduit, Reservoir, Pump, or Water-Work, conveying any Water heretofore used in the Supply of the said Town, so as to cause or permit the same to be mixed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners present at the First Meeting held under this Act, and also at their First Meeting yearly thereafter to be holden in pursuance of this Act, or the Major Part of them present at such Meeting, such Major Part not being less than Nine, shall make an Assessment upon all the Occupiers of Messuages, Tenements, Houses, Malthouses, Brewhouses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Stables, Out-houses, or other Buildings, Vaults, Cellars, Yards, Gardens, or Back-fides, or other Tenements whatsoever belonging thereto, within any of the Parishes of Holy Rood, Saint Michael, All Saints, Saint John, Saint Lawrence, and Saint Mary, who shall be rated and pay to the Poor Rates within the said Town, and also on the Owners of all Messuages, Tenements, Houses, Stables, Outhouses, or other Buildings, Vaults, Cellars, Yards, Gardens, or Backudes, or other Tenements within the said Town of Southampton, who shall not be rated or assessed to the Relief of the Poor, by an equal Pound Rate in such a Sum as the said Commissioners then present or the Major Part of them shall direct, not exceeding Six-pence in the Pound, for any One Year of the yearly Value of such Messuages, Tenements, Malthouses, Brewhouses, Wharfs, Storehouses, Stables, Outhouses, and other Buildings, Vaults, Cellars, Yards, Gardens, Backfides, and other Tenements, respectively; and the said Commissioners or any Nine or more them at any Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the First Monies arising from such Rate or Assessment, to pay the Charges and Expences of procuring and passing this Act, and after Payment ofluch Charges and Expences, to apply the Produce of such Rate in the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Act into Effect; and also to pay and discharge any Debt or Debts incurred in the Execution of the said recited Act, that may at the Time of the passing this Act remain unpaid; and that all the Monies arising from such Rate or Assessment shall from Time to Time be collected or gathered by the Collectors or other Officers appointed for that Purpose.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32. 54-

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Rate affetfed in ff Rate left any Year shall have been less than Six-pence in the Pound, and it Pound* shall afterwards appear to the said Commissioners that the Produce there- commission-’ of is not sufficient for the Purposes of the Execution of this Act and the ers to make said recited Act, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or UP Deficien-any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings after such cy-

First Meeting in such Year as aforesaid, to make a New and Additional Assessment or Assessments for the same Year, so as that the same shall not, together with the former Rate or Rates, 'amount to more than Sixpence in the Pound of such yearly Value as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Persons Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, in any Rate or Assessment made by virtue or in pursuance of how to be this Act, hegleft or omit to rate and assess any Person or Persons liable to rated.

be rated and aflfelTed, or rate and assess any such Person or Persons at less than the full Rate at which he, she, or they ought to have been rated and assessed in such Rate or Assessment, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, to rate and assess such Person or Persons so omitted, or who shall have been under-rated, in such Manner as to the said Commissioners or any Nine or more of them shall seem just; and such Addition or Alteration shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the fame had made Part of and been inferred in the Original Rate or Assessment, any Statute,

Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Pet son and Persons to be ap- Collectors pointed Collector or Collectors of the said Rate or Assessment is, and are empowered hereby authorized and empowered to collect and levy the same according- to levy Rates, ly; and for the better enabling him or them so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors to execute all such Warrants of Distress as shall be granted from Time to Time by any Justice or Justices of the Peace against any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Rate or Assessment in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as Overseers of the Poor by any Law or Laws now in being can or may execute the fame; and the said Collector or Collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to make up and render to the said Commissioners at fomd Public Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, as often as thereunto required by the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, a full, true, and perfect Account in Writing of all Monies collected or received by him or them, by virtue of this and the said recited Act, and of all Monies rated or affeflTed and not received, and to verify the fame on Oath, which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized to administer and to pay over the Money so by him or them collected and received, and remaining in his or their Hand or Hands to the-said Treasurer or Treasurers or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall by Writing under their Hands appoint to receive the same, to be applied to the Purposes of this and the said recited Act j and if the said Collector or Collectors or any or either of them shall refuse or neglecc to give in a just Account as aforesaid, or to pay the Monies remaining in his or their Hands in Manner aforesaid, they shall be liable to such Penalties as Overseers of the Poor in like Cases are subject and liable to.

[hoc Per.]

6 X

54-2

For levying Rates.

Rates to be levied from Persons quitting Houses or removing Out of the Limits.

By whom Rates of Lodging Houses are to be paid.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

XX. And be it further enacted, That a!! Monies to become due and payable by Virtue of this Act, or any Rate or Rates made for the Purposes of this Act, or of the said recited Act, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offenders or Defaulters, by Warrant, according to the Form or Effect in the Schedule hereunto annexed, under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town and County, which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered and required to grant, and that when and as often as any Distress shall by the Authority of this Act be made, for Non-payment of any of the said Rates or Monies hereby directed to be made, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons making such Distress to raise and levy the reasonable Charges of making and keeping such Distress.

XXI. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, and who may be rated and assessed for the Purposes of this Act, may, before the Payment of the Sum which may be rated on them respectively, quit and leave their Grounds, Dwelling-Houses, Shops, Ware-Houses, Coach-Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, or Tenements, and remove out of the Limits aforesaid, and thereby endeavour to avoid the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments; be it therefore enacted, That when any Person or Persons who hath or have been so rated and assessed, shall quit his or their Ground, House, Shop, Ware-House, Coach-House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, or Tenement, before he, she, or they shall have paid the said Rate or Assessment, and shall afterwards refusetopay the lame when due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorized and appointed to receive the same, that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or One of them, by Warrant according to the Form or Effect in the Schedule hereunto annexed, under the Hands and Seals of Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town and County, which Warrant the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant; and such Warrant being first backed or countersigned, by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty where the Distress is to be made, which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or counter-sign, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be), after having deducted the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made.

XXII. And whereas there are divers Houses and Tenements within the said Town which are let at small Rents, or are let out in Lodgings or separate Apartments, or ready furnished, by which Means the Payment of the Rate or Assessment for such Houses and Tenements may be evaded; for remedy whereof be it enacted, That where any House or Tenement, or any Part thereof, shall be let cut in Lodgings or separate Apartments, or ready furnished, the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of, and shall be rated to and pay the Rates of Assessments in respect of such Houses or Tenements.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32. 543

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Monies col- If any Deleted by virtue of this Act shall be loft by Insolvency or otherwise, the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall and may make an Collectors Additional Rate or Assessment for supplying and making good such De- Commission-ficiency, together with the Charges occasioned by or in attempting to re- ers to make cover any such Money as aforesaid, which Additional Rate or Assessment

shall be made, raised, levied, and recovered, in the same Manner as an fame_ Original Rate.

XXIV. And in order to enable the said Commissioners more speedily Powertobor-and effectually to repair the Fire-Engines, Fire-Crooks, Fire-Buckets, androw Money, other Things necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and also the Conduit-

Heads, Conduit-Houses, Pipes, Conduits, Pumps, and other Works, and for fully and effectually executing all the other Purposes of the said recited Act j be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them at any Meeting assembled as herein-before directed, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to borrow and take up at Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Two Thousand Pounds in the Whole, on the Credit of the said Rates and Assessments on Mort-hereby granted, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mort- gage°fIUte* gage or assign over the said Rates or Assessments to the Person or Persons who shall lend, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being, to and for the Use of the said Commissioners, such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as a Security for the Money so to be lent or advanced and paid, together with Interest for the fame; and every such Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following, viz.

T3Y virtue of an Act: of Parliament made in the Year Formof

" of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act to MorlSaSeamend and render more effectual an Ail made in the twentieth Year *l of the Reign of His late Majesty for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Public Conduits, and other Water-Works belonging to the " Town of Southampton, we

" of the Commissioners of the Water-Works

" of the Town of Southampton, in Consideration of the Sum of " lent and advanced by A.B. of and paid

" to C.D. the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, do grant and assign " unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such " Proportion of the Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said " Acts, or either of them, as the said Sum of

" doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which hath been, is, or shall be <* borrowed upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, to hold " unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, until the said Sum of with Interest for the fame

at and after the Rare of for the Interest of One Hundred

" Pounds by the Year (to be paid half-yearly) shall be fully paid and " satisfied. In Witness whereof we, the Commissioners above named,

" have hereunto set our Hands and Seals this Day of

" in the Year of our Lord " Witness E. F. Clerk to the Commissioners.1

And

544-

Power to grant Annuities.

Form of Grant.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

And every such Alignment shall he good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled at any Meeting of the said Commissioners, shall think it advisable to raise all or any Part of the Money to be borrowed for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, by granting any Annuity for Life or Lives, or for a Term or Terms of Years, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at any Meeting of the said Commissioners assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant such Annuity or Annuities for Life, or Lives, or Years, to any Person or Persons who shall be of the Age of Fifty Years or upwards, and who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being, to and for the Use of the said Commissioners, any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be agreed on by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities for Life or Lives, or for a Term or Terms of Years, such Annuity or Annuities for Life or Lives to be paid and payable during the natural Life or Lives of every such Contributor or Contributors, or the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons who shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor or Contributors, and either with or without Benefic of Survivorship, as the said Commissioners, or the majpr Part of them, at any Meeting assembled shall think proper, so that no such Annuity or Annuities do exceed ihe Rate of Twelve Pounds per Centum for a Year; and the Grant of every such Annuity or Annuities shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following; videlicet.

" WE

" of the Commissioners of the Water-Works of the Town of " Southampton, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and " pafifed in the Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

" intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Ail made in the " Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing, im~ " proving, and maintaining the Public Conduits and other Water-lVorks " belonging to the Town of Southampton, in Consideration of the Sum " of paid by A.B. of -

to C.D. the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, do " hereby grant unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, " and Assigns, an Annuity or yearly Rent of

" out of the Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Acts, or " either of them, such Annuity or yearly Sum of " to be payable and paid at upon the

" Day of in every Year to the said A.B. or to the said A. B.

" his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the natural Life of " C.D. of or during the Term of Years

" to commence and be computed from the Day of the Date of these Pre-" fents, (as the Case shall happen to be) and the FirftPayment thereof shall be made upon the Day of next ensuing the Date

" of these Presents. In Witness whereof we the Commissioners above " named have hereunto set our Hands and Seals the Day of

in the Year of our Lord " Witness E. F. Clerk to the Commissioners."

And

545

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, from the Execution thereof without Enrolment or Retjiftry in any Court or Place whatever other than in the Books of the said Commissioners j and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby charged upon and shall be payable and paid free from all Taxes and Deductions out of the said Rates or Assessments by this Act granted: Provided nevertheless, That no greater Sum in the No more Whole than Two Thousand Pounds shall be raised by Loan or Mortgage, than Two or by the Sale or Grant of any Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid; and that Joh°"dr""^ be before any such Money shall be borrowed, or Annuity or Annuities granted, rajfed by Twenty-one Days’ Notice shall be given by the Clerk to the said Com- Mortgage or missioners in some Newspaper usually circulated in the Town of South- Annuity. ampton, of the Intention of the Commissioners of borrowing such Money or granting such Annuity or Annuities.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Interest of any of the Mo- Interest or nies so to be advanced or lent, or the Annuity or Annuities so to be granted Annuity how as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be behind, in Arrear and '°rj|jrec0" unpaid by the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after the same shall become

due and payable, then and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons entitled to the Receipt of such Interest, or for the Annuitant or Annuitants entitled to the Annuity or Annuities, he, she, or they, having first by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, demanded of the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners,

Payment of such Interest or Annuity or Annuities so in Arrear, and on Neglect or Refusal made by such Treasurer for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Demand to pay the fame, to commence and prosecute an Action at Law on the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, against the said Treasurer for the Recovery of the said Interest or Annuity or Annuities so in Arrear, the Venue of which Action shall be laid in the said Town and County of Southampton, or in the County of Southampton and not elsewhere, and that in such Action no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at the Time Treasurer in-of Demand made upon the Treasurer for the Time being, of any Interest demnified or Annuity or Annuities in Arrear, the said Treasurer shall not have fuf- "nless Action ficient Monies in his Hands raised under the Authority of this Act, to an - through hi* fwer and fully pay such Interest or Annuity or Annuities, any Action shall Neglfa or thereupon be commenced against him for Recovery of the fame j and the Default. Treasurer shall thereupon pay and satisfy such Interest or Annuity or Annuities, it shall be lawful for him to retain and reimburse himself out of the first Monies which shall come to his Hands under or by virtue of this Act, not only the Monies so paid by him in Discharge of such Interest or Annuity or Annuities, but also all Cods, Charges, and Expences, attending the defending of any such Action; and that until such Reimbursement, such Treasurer shall not be removed or removeable from his laid Office, any Thing in the said recited Act or this Acc contained to the contrary notwithstanding but if any such Action shall be commenced by or through the Neglect or Default of any such Treasurer, then and in such case the Colts, Charges, and Expences, attending such Action, shall be wholly borne and paid by such Treasurer.

[.Loc. ft? Per.] 6 T

54&

Manner of transferring Securities.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons entitled to any Securities for Money borrowed, or for the Annuities granted as aforesaid, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals endorsed thereon, to transfer the fame respectively, and all his, her, and cheir Right and Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in the Words or to the Effect following: viz.

Form of Transfer.

" j do hereby transfer the within Mortgage and

" all my Right and Title in and to the principal Money and Interest " now due thereon. Or I, do hereby transfer

" the within Grant of Annuity and all Arrears thereof, and all my Righc, " Title, and Interest, in and to the said Annuity, and all future Payments thereof (as the Case shall happen to be) unto D. E. of " his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, dated the

" Day of in the Year of our Lord

CC

" Witness

And Entries or Memorials of all Mortgages or Assignments, and Grants of Annuities which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and of all Transfers thereof respectively, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Places of Abode, and Additions of all such Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to the Principal and Interest or the Annuities thereby respectively secured, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, to which Book all Persons interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access and shall have Liberty to inspect on "previously paying 10 the said Clerk the Sum of One Shilling, and for the Entry of every such Alignment the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person producing the fame the Sum Transfers to of Two Shillings and Six pence and no more; and every such Transfer t'he'cierl^ '° w>[hin Four Days next after the Date thereof be by the Person or Persons entitled thereto, produced to the said Clerk for the Purpose of being entered as aforesaid-; and after such Entry made (but not till then) every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the full Benefit thereof; and such Assignee or Assignee? may in like Manner transfer again, and io from Time to Time; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Transfer to make void, relcafe, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Annuities, Assignments, or Grants shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the said Rates or Assessments equally one with another, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Date thereof, or otherwise.

XXIX. And be it further er.acted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to contract and agree with any Person or Persons within the said Town or the Liberties thereof for supplying him, her, or them with Water, by conveying the fame out of and from the Reservoirs or Pipes of and belonging to the said Commissioners, into his, her, or their House or Houses, Out-House or Out-Houses.

Commissioners may contract with Persons for conveying Water into Houses, &c.

Entrie| of Securities and Transfers to be made in a Book.

43° GEORGII IH. Cap. 32. 547

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said^ommission Commissioners, or for such Person or Persons as they or the major Part of 'r!^’ay n-them assembled at any Meeting shall under their Hands appoint for that Maltrte'rs Purpose, to a(k, demand, receive, and take of and from every Maltster, Brewers, &e. Common Brewer, Distiller, Dyer, Tanner, Hatter, Wool Cotnber, Felt-monger, Carpet Manufacturer, Fishmonger, Gardener, and other Person and Persons who shall take or use, or cause to be taken or used, any of the aforesaid Water in his, her, or their Trade or Business, or for any the Purposes thereof, or for washing, cleansing, or preparing any Article,

Matter, or Thing used in and about such Trade or Business, over and besides the aforesaid Annual Rates or Assessments hereby granted, such further Annual Sum or Sums of Money or Rent to be paid yearly or otherwise as every such respective Maltster, Brewer, Distiller, Dyer, Tanner, Hatter, Woolcomber, Feltmonger, Carpet Manufacturer, Fishmonger, Gardener, or other Person or Persons, and the said Commissioners, or the Major Parc of them, assembled at any Meeting shall from Time to Time agree upon; and until such Agreement shall have been made it shall not be lawful for any Maltster, Common Brewer, Distiller, Dyer, Tanner,

Hatter, Woolcomber, Feltmonger, Carpet Manufacturer, lilhmonger,

Gardener, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, to take or use, or cause or procure to be taken or used, any of the aforesaid Water in his, her, or their Trade or Business, or in the Trade or Business of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any of the Purposes thereof, or for washing or cleansing any Article, Matier, or Thing used in and about the fame; any Thing in this Act, or the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster, Common Brewer, pen2ity on Distiller, Dyer, Tanner, Hacter, Woolcomber, Feltmonger, Carpet Ma- Mafilters.&c. nufacturer, Fishmonger, Gardener, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, uljn6 Water who shall not have agreed with the said Commissioners or the Major Part of them assembled at a Meeting of the said Commissioners for Water as aforesaid, shall take or carry away or cause or procure to be taken or carried away any of the said Water for the Use or Purposes of his, her, or their Trade or Business, or the Trade or Business of any other Person or Persons, or for washing or cleansing any Article, Matter, or Thing used in or about the fame, every futh Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Treasurer for the Time being, to the said Commissioners any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings to be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

£xxii. And be it further enacted, That every Master, Commander, or Master»of other Person having the Care or Charge of any Ship or Vessel belonging Ships,howto or retorting to the Port of Southampton, who shall be desirous of having PaX-Water for his Ship or Vessel from the WaterWorks belonging to the said Town, may, from Time to Time, be supplied with Water, paying in Aid and for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, for such Supply of Water to the Treasurer for the Time being, to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or the Major Part of them, at any Meeting assembled, shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands appoint to receive the same, any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for each and every Tun of Water, and so in Proportion

for

54-8 43° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

for any greater or less Quantity than a Tun of Water with which he shall be supplied as aforesaid, which laid Payments shall be made by every such Master, Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, to the said Treasurer for the Time being, or to the said Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, before the Delivery of the said Water at a certain Place coo-krudted by the said Commissioners on the Had Side of a certain Quay called Water-Gate Quay within the said Port of Southampton, for the Pur-pore of watering or supplying Ships and Vessels wich Water, or at such other Place or Places within the said Town or Liberties thereof as they, the said Commissioners assembled at any Meeting or the Major Part of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, and that all Sums of Money for any such Water rmy be recovered in a Summary Way before any One of His M^jeky’s Justices of the Peace for the Town and County of Southampton, or be immediately levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of the said Commissioners, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Maker, Commander, or other Person neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, together with the Coks attending such Distress and Sale, or otherwise if the Cafe shall so require, be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster with full Costs of Suit: Provided always, That if any such Maker or Commander, or other Person as aforesaid, shall refuse to pay such Sum as aforesaid for each and every Tun of Water, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Tun of Water, which shall be required by him for any Ship or Vessel before the taking or being permuted to take such Water, that then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Person or Persons acting under them, to refuse to supply the said Maker, Commander, or other Person as aforesaid with Water or to permit him to take such Water.

Penalty on

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if after such Refusal any such Shi^takir Maker, Commander, or other Person aforesaid, shall forcibly or violently Water wi'th^ take or cause or procure to be forcibly or violently taken any such Water, out paying, or be aiding or aflilting therein contrary to this Act, or shall take or cause to be taken any Water for any Ship or Vessel from any Conduit or other Public Water Work or Water Works belonging or which shall hereafter belong to the said Town of Southampton, other thaa the Place lo appointed for watering Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, or the Place or Places to be by the said Commissioners or the Major Part of them assembled at any Meeting from Time to Time to be appointed for the Purpose lak mentioned, or shall be aiding or akiking therein or thereunto, every such Maker, Commander, or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commikioners, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings to be recovered as the Monies for the watering or supplying Ships or Vessels with Water as aforesaid, are recoverable and shall be applied for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty for

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall injuring Wa- bathe in any Conduit Head, Conduit Ciltern, Reservoir, or Pond now be-er or Works. jonging or which shall hereafter belong to the said Water Works, or call or put into any Conduit Head, Conduit Cikern, Reservoir, Pond, Water-

course

549

4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 3 2.

course, Drain, Pipe, Vent, Pump, or other Work provided or made, or which shall hereafter be provided or made, for preserving or conveying or supplying Water to the said Town, any Filth, Dirt, Rubbish, Soil,

Gravel, Stones, Dog, Cat, dead Carcase, Carrion, or other noisome, unclean, or unwholesome Substance or Thing whatsoever, or shall wash or cleanse in any Conduit Head, Conduit Cistern, Reservoir, Pond, Drain,

Pump, Vent, or other Work for supplying the said Town with Water, any Dog, Sheep, Lamb, or other Animal, or any Part or Parts of any Animal,

Cloth, Wool, Cloaths, Leather, Skin of any Sheep, Lamb, or other Animal, Hemp, Flax, or other noisome, unwholesome, or offensive Thing, or make or convey or cause to be made and conveyed any Sink, Sewer,

Ditch, or Drain into any Conduit Head, Conduit Cistern, Reservoir,

Pond, Drain, Vent, or other Work erected or to be erected for supplying the said Town with Water, or cause or procure any other Injury or Annoyance to be done to the said Water, or if any Person or Persons shall maliciously or wantonly, for the Purpose of Waste or of lessening or preventing the Supply of Water to the said Town, or any Part or Parts thereof, let any Water out of any of the Reservoirs, Conduit Heads, Conduit Citterns, or other Works belonging to the said Town, or if any Person or Persons shall water any Horse or other Cattle, or wash any Carriage or other Thing at either of the said Conduit Heads, Reservoirs,

Conduit Houses, Conduits, Pumps, or other Works, every Person offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, pay to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, so much Money as shall be adjudged by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Town and County before whom such Offence shall be heard, to be adequate to the Damage done by every such Offender, and also a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty for wilfully and maliciously hinder or interrupt the said Commissioners, or any of Commissi'oif their Agents, Workmen, or others in making, erecting, repairing, doing, or ei, officer" performing any of the Works by the said recited Act authorized, or in the and work-’ Exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities by the said Act and this Act men, »lld for granted, or shall take away, destroy, damage, or injure any Engine, Con- ?^m?8'ng duit Head, Conduit House, Conduit Cistern, Pump, Pipe, Vent, Drain, ca°ryisngr Plug, Cock, Trough, or other Work, Matter, or Thing whatsoever already away or remade or provided, or which shall be hereafter made or provided under or ceiving Ma-by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, for the Purposes of supplying terials> the said Town and Shipping with Water, or any Part or Parts of them or either of them, or any of the Materials used or provided, or which shall hereafter be provided for any Engines or Works relating thereto, or any or either of them, or in anywise cause or procure the same to be done, or be aiding or assisting therein or thereunto, or shall knowingly receive any of the said Works, Things, or any of the Materials of the said Works as aforesaid, or shall wilfully and maliciously or wantonly take away, destroy, damage, or injure any Fire Engine, Fire Crook, Fire Bell, or any Rope, Wheels, or other Part thereof, or any other Matter or Thing already provided, or which shall hereafter be provided by th,e said Commissioners, or the Commissioners for the Time being, or the Major Part of them, for the preventing and extinguishing of Fire within the said Town, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, fur every ILee. £sf Per.) 6 Z inch

550 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

such Offence, pay to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, so much Money as shall be adjudged by any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Town and County before whom such Offence shall be heard, to be adequate to the Damage done by every such Offender, and also any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Commission-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sTdTTf ^UC 3nC* *3e t^e,r Clerk or Treasurer; and that no Ac-

in the*Name t'on w^'ch ft>ah be brought or commenced by or against the said Com-of their missioners, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the'

Clerk. Name of their Clerk or Treasurer shall abate or be discontinued by the

Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act or Default of such Clerk or Treasurer without the Content of the Commissioners, ac a Meeting to be held for that Purpose; but the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer in whole Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act shall be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Cods, Damages, and Charges as by the Event of such Proceeding he shall be put to or become chargeable with, by Occasion of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

recovered.

How Penal.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Complaints and Inforties and For- mations of Offences against the said recited Act or this Act, for proceeding feitures to be ;n w|-1jc|1 n0 particular Directions are thereby or hereby given, shall and may be made before any Justice of the Peace for the said Town and County of Southampton-, and every such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to take Cognizance thereof, and to summon the Person complained of to appear before him j and, upon the Apppearance or Non-appearance of such Person, pursuant to such Summons to hear the Matter of every such Complaint or Information by Examination of any Witness or Witnesses on Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and to make such Determination therein as to such Justice shall appear just.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against the said recited Act or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form, or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

Form of . 1 T>I

Conviction. "To wit, I _£_)

remembered, That on the

Day of in the

" Year of the Reign of His Majesty A.B. is con-

" vifted before me One [or us, Two] of His Majesty's Justices of the " Peace for the said Town and County of Southampton, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to amend and " render more effectual an Ail made in the ‘Twentieth Year of the Reign , " of His late Majesty, for repairing, improving, and maintaining " the Public Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town " of Southampton, [here specify the Offence and the Time and Place when. . " and

55*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

" and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be], and I [or we] dp " adjudge the said A.B. to have-forfeited for his said Offence the Sum of

" to be paid to , Given under my

" Hand and Seal the Day and Year first aforesaid."

."I1 l'

XXXIX.And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by penalties the said recited Act or this Act imposed, together with the Charges in- how to he cident thereto in respect whereof no particular Direction is given by this levi®d®nd Act, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s app Ie Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town and County of Southampton, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any), when demanded to the Party or Parties whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first de-dufted) shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, and applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act (if cot thereby or hereby otherwise directed to be applied); and for Want of sufficient Distress it shall be lawful (for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said Town and County for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor kfs than Fourteen Days, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, or until he, she, or they shall have paid such Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, and Charges,

incident thereto.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful, Justices may for any Justice of the Peace of the said Town and County, out of any 'eward ln* Penalty or Forfeiture adjudged on any Conviction before him for any t rn,ers-Damage or Injury done to any of the Water Works of the said Town, or Conduit, Reservoir, Engines, or Things whatever belonging thereto, or to any Matters or Things provided and tyept for Protection against or preventing Mischief by Fire, pursuant to any of the Powers, Provisions, or Authorities of the said recited Act or this Act, to reward, if hie shall think fit, any Person or Persons who shall have informed against and prosecuted such Offender to Conviction as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Power of for any Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Conviction shall Ju|\ices take place, as he or they shall see cause, to mitigate, compound, or lessen mitIgate-any of the Penalties, Forfeitures, or Punishments by this Act imposed or inflicted, as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Conviction, Proceedings Order, or other Proceeding made or had touching or concerning any of noc to be the Matters in the said recited Act or this Act, or touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against the said recited Act or this Act, Fo' °or re. shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed or remove- moved by able by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatever, into any of Ctrtiorari. His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding , and where any Distress shall be made for any

552

Plaintiff not to recover if Amends tendered.

Costs of this Act to be paid.

Saving Rights of Corporation.

Persons aggrieved may appeal.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

atiy Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Dif-tfefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any De-fest or Want of Form in any Summons, Conviction, Warrant, Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which afterwards may be done or committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by, such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe, but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceeding under the said recited Act or this Act, if sufficient Tender of Amends hath been made before such Action brought to him, her, or them, by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties, who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding; and in case no such Tender shall have been made it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be depending, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be had, made, or given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant or Defendants is or are allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences relating to or concerning the same, or any Ways incident thereto, and in putting the fame into Execution, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, out of the Monies raised or to be raised by vircue of the said recited Act or this Act.

XLIV. Provided also and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to affect in any Manner the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the said Town and County of Southampton, or any of their Rights, Estates, Powers, Privileges, Immunities, or Advantages whatever.

XLV. And be it further enacted.Thatifany Person or Persons shall think, him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment made or any other Thing done by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, he, (he, ot they shall and may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said Town and County of Southampton next after the Cause of such Appeal shall arise, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace or the Major Part of them, then and there assembled, to make such Order therein as to them shall seem meet, and to award such Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants, as they the said Justices shall think proper: Provided always, That no such Appeal shall (lop or delay the Payment of any such Rate, but the same shall be levied and collected from the Person lo appealing until the Determination of such Appeal, and the fame or any Excess if the Justices aforesaid shall determine that such Rate ought not to have been made, or that such Rate exceeded the fair Proportion of Rate on the Person or Persons so appealing, shall be repaid to 1 him

553

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

him or them upon the Determination of such Appeal by the Treasurer aforesaid, and no Appeal under this Act for that or any other Cause shall be heard unless Ten Days Notice thereof be given in Writing by the Party so appealing to the said Commissioners or to their Clerk.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitations commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur- of Actions. fuance of this Act, the fame fh til be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed or Cause of Action or Suit accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in Pur-fuance and by the Authority of this Act; and that if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any County or Place, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Co'fts, and have the like Remedy for the same as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have by Law in any other Cafe.

[Public Act.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed; and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taxen Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever without specially pleading the same.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Warrant of Distress for Non-payment of the Rates. S°uthamp,onJ T() the

in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and to all Constables and other Peace Officers for the fame Town and County.

WHEREAS the undermentioned Persons now or late Inhabitants, Holders, Landlords, Tenants, Occupiers, or Enjoyers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or other Buildings or Tenements, or Part of some Building or Tenement within the said Parish, were and are truly rated and assessed or liable to pay the Rate and Rates duly made for the Purpose of an Act made in & Per.] 7 A the

554

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled (Jet forth the Title of this Act): And whereas the said Persons have refused or neglected to pay the several Sums of Money at and against their Names hereunto reflectively set down for Money due from them for or towards the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and the said several Sum and Sums of Money are still remaining due in Arrear and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to us Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Town and County, and the said several Persons having been summoned to appear before us to answer the Premises as also appeareth to us the said Justices upon Oath, and they nor either of them having shewn any sufficient Cause, these are therefore in His Majesty's Name to will and require you or either of you forthwith to levy the said several Sums of Money due from the said Persons, and hereunder joined t6, or set against, their Names respectively, by Distress and Sale of their respective Goods and Chattels (such Goods and Chattels being kept by the Space of Five Days before the same are fold) rendering to them respectively the Overplus (if any be), the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Sale, and Keeping, being first deducted, and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that then you certify the same to us to the End such further Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain; and we do hereby strictly charge and command all and singular the Constables and other His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said Town and County, to be aiding and assisting in all Things relating to the Premises. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

Persons’ Names.

A. B.

C. D.

E. F. the Landlord for divided

G. H. (Sc.

Sams due. c. s. d.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

: I - flitJ .1 in t u; ' v.nr.'T’ti ' f

Cap. 33.

An Act for enabling the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl and his Heirs to build a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near to the Town of Dunkeld in the County of Perth, and make Roads of Communication thereunto. [T^th May 1803.]

WHEREAS the Two Ferries upon the River Tay, at or near the Town of Dunkeld, in the County of Perth, called the Ferry of Invar, and the Lower or East Ferry, are often liable to great Interruptions, and the Passage across the said River is sometimes attended with considerable Danger, owing to the Rapidity of the said River, whereby the Communication between the Northern and Southern Pans of Great Britain is much impeded: And whereas the Roads leading to the same are unlafe and inconvenient: And whereas the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl is the foie Proprietor of the said Ferries, and of the Land adjoining thereto on both Sides of the said River: And whereas the said John Duke of Atholl is willing and desirous to give up to the Public the Tolls and Duties derived from those Ferries, and to build a Bridge over the said River at or near to the said d own of , Dunkeld, and to make good and convenient Roads to communicate therewith, whereby great Advantage will accrue to the Public: But lauleful and expensive an Undertaking cannot be executed without the Authority of Parliament: May it therein Lee. C? Per.] 7 B fore

558 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

forepleafe your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this pre-Duke of sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That b ''id'lll° J°^n Duke of Atboll, and his Heirs Dukes of Atboll for the

Bridge3 Time being, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, shall be, and he and they are hereby authorized and empowered to build and erect a Bridge of Stone, Iron, or Timber over the River Tay, at or near the said Town of Dunkeld, and to dig and make proper Foundations in the said River, and on the Lands lying on each Side thereof, for the Piers and Abutments of the said Bridge, and to cut and level the Banks of the said River in such Manner as shall be necessary and proper for building the said Bridge, and to cut, remove, take, and carry away all Trees, Roots of Trees, Gravel, Sand, Mud, or any other Impediment whatsoever, which may in anywise hinder the erecting, building, repairing, or completing the said Bridge; and to widen or enlarge any Foot, Bridle, or Horse Roads, so as to make the fame fit for Carriages; and to make all such new or other Roads or Ways to and from such Bridge as may facilitate the Approach to and Passage over the fame; and also to do, perform, and execute all other Matters and Things requisite and necessary, useful or convenient, for erecting, building, repairing, maintaining, and supporting the said Bridge according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And for the Purpose of erecting, building, maintaining, repairing, or supporting the said Bridge, the said Duke or his Heirs, or any Person to be appointed by the said Duke or his Heirs as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time have full Power and Authority to land on either Side of the said River all Materials and other Things to be used in and about the fame, and there to work and use such Materials and Things accordingly, doing as little Damage as may be, and making such Satisfaction as is hereinafter mentioned to the respective Owners and Occupiers of all such Lands and Grounds as shall be altered, damaged, spoiled, taken, or made use of, by Means or for the Purposes of the present Act.

Duke m?v And be it further enacted, That the said Duke or his Heirs shall

contrail for be, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and empowered to building the contract and agree with any Person or Persons whomsoever, to build Bridge and ered, complete and finish the said Bridge, and to maintain and support the fame when completed, in such Manner as he or they shall judge proper, and shall and may, and he or they are hereby authorised and empowered to treat, contract, and agree for the Purchase of any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which he or they shall think fit and necessary to be employed or used for the erecting, building, and repairing the said Bridge, and for the amending, widening, making, enlarging and facilitating the Ways, Roads, and Passages on each f nd of the said Bridge, and leading to and from the same, with the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and other Persons interested in the fame, and also to settle, adjutt, and agree with the several Owners, Occupiers, and Persons interested, or any of them, what Recompence, Compensation, or Satisfaction ought reasonably to be made for any Losses, Damages, or Expencts they respectively shall or may lultain or be put to, for or by 3 reason

559

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

reason or on account of the Building or Repairing of the said Bridge* or the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall and may, by and out of the Money to be raised and collected by virtue of this Act, or out of the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, pay all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be contracted and agreed to be paid for the Purposes aforesaid:

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons seised, yrmot'J)ins possessed of, entitled to, or interested in such Lands, Grounds, Tene- vaiue^Pre* ments, or Hereditaments, as may be necessary to be employed or made mises.

use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall refuse to treat or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be judged requisite by the said Duke or his Heirs, to be employed or used for the Purposes of this Act, ic shall be lawful for the Sheriff-Depute of the County of Perth, or his Substitutes, and he is hereby empowered and required, at the Suit of either Party, to impannel an Inquest or Jury of Fifteen substantial and disinterested Persons, who after Evidence on Oath to them given concerning the Nature, Quantity, and Quality of such Lands, Tenements, and plereditaments, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, shall, by their Verdict, assess and ascertain the actual Value or the Quantum of Damages and Recompence to be given or paid for the same respectively, to such respective Owners, Occupiers, and Persons interested, according to their respective Interests therein and such Verdict being returned to the Sheriff-Depute or his Substitute, he shall judge and finally determine the said Matters according to the said Verdict.

IV. And whereas it may happen, That some Person or Persons, Bo- Impowering dies Politic or Corporate, Guardians, Tutors, Curators, Trustees, or Others, who are seised, possessed of, or entitled to Lands, Grounds, leej[ ons to Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may be necessary or requisite

to be appropriated or made use of for the Purposes of this Act, may be willing to treat and agree for the Sale or Disposition of such Lands,

Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, but are under a Disability of making an effectual Grant or Conveyance thereof for those Purposes; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, and all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Tutors,

Curators, or Trustees whomsoever, for any Infants, Pupils, Minors,

Lunatics, Idiots, or other Trulls, and for any Heirs of Entail, Tenants for Lives, or for any Term or Number of Years, and for all and every other Persons and Person whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Duke or his Heirs, for the Sale of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or of their Interest therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to fell, convey, and dispone the same to the said Duke or his Heirs, or to such Person or Persons, in Trust for them, and in such Manner as the said Duke or his Heirs Hull direct and as Occasion shall require, and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, Dilpositions and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall b^ valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate Corporations, aggregate or

560

Re-invcfling

l*urchafe

Monies.

Recital of Tolls now payable to the Duke.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

foie, and all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, and all other Persons are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act: Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for any such Bodies or Persons respectively to fell or convey more than Five Acres of Land for the Purposes aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That in case any Lands, Houses, or any other Premises taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, or to which Damage shall be done in the Execution of the fame, are held under Entail, or are subject to Liferents, Annuities, Jointures, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or any Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, the Purchase-Money or Recompence-Money to be paid for the same, if exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, shall be laid out and inverted by the Authority and under the Direction of the Court of Session, in the Purchase of other Lands, Houses, or Premises of the like Nature, and the Rights, Titles, and Securities thereof Qiall be devised and taken to the same Person or Persons, and to the fame Series of Heirs, and for the Benefit of the same Person or Persons, and for the same Uses and Purposes, and under the fame Conditions, Provisions, and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in the Title Deeds of the Lands, Houses, or other Premises taken, used, or damaged, for the Purposes of this Act, or such of them as shall be then existing or capable of taking Effect, and in the mean Time until such Purchase can be made, such Money shall, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, at the highest Rate of Interest that can be obtained for the fame, and such interest arising upon all Sums that shall exceed Twenty Pounds, and shall not amount to One hundred Pounds, shall go and be applied to or for the Use of the respective Person or Persons who would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, or other Premises to be purchased with such Money in case such Purchase had actually been made and completed, but if the Money so paid into the Bank of Scotland shall amount to One hundred Pounds or more, then and in that Cafe the Interest arising thereon shall annually be accumulated and added to the Principal Sum itl'elf, to carry Interest together, until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found and shall be approved of by the said Court of Session, and it shall be lawful to and for the said Court to make such Order or Orders in a summary Way, upon the Application of any Party interested touching the Payment or Application of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, and the Interest that may from Time to Time arile thereon, as the said Court shall think fit.

VI. And whereas the Table of Tolls or Passage Money at this Time collected and payable to the said John Duke of /Itboll for or in respect of each of the said Ferries of Invar and the Lower or Fait Ferry, as the same are by Law established, consist of the following Items, thac is to say: For every single Person the Sum of One Halfpenny, and returning the same Day to pass gratis: For every Horse with One Rider in Hand or loaded, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny: For every

Ad-

56i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Additional Horse the Sum of One Penny: For every Single Cart unloaded, including Horse and Driver, the Sum of One Penny: For every Single Care loaded, including Horse and Driver, the Sum of Two-pence: For every Double Cart unloaded, including Horse and Driver, the Sum of Three-pence: For every Double Cart loaded, including Horses and Driver, the Sum of Four-pence: For every Two Wheeled Chaise, exclusive of Horses and Persons, the Sum of Six-penceS For every Four Wheeled Chaise, exclusive of Horses and Persons, the Sum of One Shilling i For every Coach, exclusive of Horses and Persons, the Sum of Two Shillings-, all Military under Arms, Half Freight: For each Large Boat full of Wood, Stone, Lime, or any tedious Loading, without Horses or Carriages, the Sum of One Shilling:

For each Large Boat full of Sheep or Goats, the Sum of Six-pence:

For each Middle Boat full of Wood, Stone, Lime, or any tedious Loading, without Horses or Carriages, the Sum of Six-pence: For each Middle Boat full of Sheep or Goats, the Sum of Three-pence.

VII. And whereas the said Duke or his Heirs will be at great Charges por levying and Expences in erefling, maintaining, and supporting the said Bridge; additional be it therefore enacted, That when and as soon as the said Bridge shall Toll, have been so far built as to become pafiable for Travellers, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Duke of Atholl or his Heirs to erect or cause to be erected One or more Toll-Gate or Toll-Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, at or upon or as near to the said Bridge to be built over the said River Tay as to him or them shall appear moll suitable and convenient, and also to erect and buiid a Toll-House at or so near to such Gates or Turnpikes as he or they shall think fit, and to levy, demand, and take the respective Rates following, by way of Toll or Pontage Duty, at or upon the said Bridge, before any Person or Persons, or any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calash, Chaise,

Curricle, Gig, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or any Cattle, Sheep, Goats, or Swine, shall be permitted to pass over or to repass the fame, that is to say:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Curricle, Chaise, Calash, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, having the Fellies of the W'heels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches or upwards from Side to Side, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon or other Carriage of the like Nature, not having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches from Side to Side, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lei's Number:

[Lee. £2* Per.] 7 C

For

562

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Swihe, or Goars, the Sum of Six-pence terling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Foot Passenger the Sum of One Halfpenny Sterling:

And if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the Tolls or Pontage Duties hereby granted shall refuse to pay the fame, it shall be lawful to the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls or Por tage Duties, by himself or themselves, or taking fuph Assistance as he or they shall think necessary, to flop and prevent the Passage of the Person or Persons lo refusing, or of the Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, for or in respect of which such Tolls ought to be paid until full Payment thereof, or to seize and distrain any Horse or other Cattle, or any Carriage upon or in respect whereof any such Toll or Duty is by this Act imposed, and to detain and keep such Horses, Cattle, or Carriage so seized and distrained until such Tolls or Pontage Duties, with the reasonable Charge of such Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall be paid; or it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining, at any Time after the Expiration of Four Days after the Day of making such Seizure and Distress, at his or their Election, to fell by Public Roup or Auction all or any of the Horses, Cattle, or Carriages so seized and distrained, returning the Overplus of the Money to arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unfold (if any be), upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Toll or Pontage Duty, and all reasonable Charges occasioned by such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted; and that it may and shall be lawful to and for the Person or Persons collecting the said Tolls or Pontage Duties as aforesaid to carry any Foot Passengers subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls or Pontage Duties, and refusing to pay the fame, before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Perth, who is hereby empowered to inquire into the said Offence, and on the Offence being proved to his Satisfaction, to impose on the Party offending a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings Sterling, to be paid to the Collector of the said Tolls or Pontage Duties, and on Non-payment thereof to commit such Party to the Floufe of Correction or Common Gaol of the said County of Perth for any Time not exceeding Seven Days.

Tolls vest»d

VIII. And be it enacted, That all the Money to be collected by the in the Duke said Pontage or Toll to be taken at or near; to or upon the said Bridge, andhisHeirs. ge ang become the foie and exclusive Property of the said Duke and his Heirs, until all the Expences of building the said Bridge, making the said Roads, and of procuring this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be paid; and also until a Fund shall be constituted for maintaining and supporting the said Bridge in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

When the

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Duke Money bor- and his Heirs shall be, and he and they is and are hereby required to keep, T°^d additi- or cau^e to be kept, an exact Account of all Money paid on account onal Tolls of building, repairing, and supporting the said Bridge, of making and t t keep-

43° G-E'ORGII m. Cap. 33. 563

keeping in Repair the said Roads, and of procuring and parting this gramed by Act; and also an Account of the Produce of the said Tolls or Pontage 10

Duty, and shall cause the same to be laid before the Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of Supply for the said County of Perth, at their annual Meeting in the Month of April-, and when and so soon as it shall appear that the \Vhole of the Sum borrowed by the said Duke or his Heirs for the Purposes aforesaid, together with Interest for the fame at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum shall have been paid, then One third Part of the Tolls and Pontage Duties hereby granted shall ceafeand determine, and from thenceforth the Produce of the said Tolls and Pontage Duties after deducting the Expences of Collection, and of any Repairs that may be necessary for the Support of the said Bridge, shall accumulate under the Direction of the said Duke and his Heirs, until ic shall amount to the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, when the same shall be inverted in the Purchase of Land or other heritable Property, and charged with the Repair and M intenance of the said Bridge for ever, and for providing any Ferry when neceflkry in such Manner and under such Direction as the said Duke or his Heirs shall limit and appoint.

X. And whereas the said John Duke of Atholl is the absolute Pro- Pontage Du. prietor, and as such is seised in Fee Simple of the Right of Ferry at both ""et0pCcajS the Places herein-before mentioned; and the said Duke is willing and ^rov"ded"for desirous that, for the better Accommodation of the Public, all Tolls the Support and Pontage Duties for parting the said Bridge or Ferries should cease ofihe Bridge, when a proper Fund should be provided for maintaining and supporting

the said Bridge; be it therefore enacted, That immediately after the said Accumulation shall be completed, all the Right and Title of the said Duke and his Heirs, to demand, receive, or levy, any Tolls or Pontage Duties from any Person or Persons for parting the said Bridge or Ferry shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Bridge shall not Bridge pot be deemed and taken to be a County Bridge; and that the Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of Supply for the said County shall have Brid°gUe"ty no further Controul over the said Bridge or the Tolls and Pontage Duties than is hereby expressly given to them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duke and his Heirs Duke may shall be, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empow- borrow Moa ered to borrow such Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said ney*

Toll or Pontage Duty as shall be found necessary for the Purpose of enabling him or them to defray the Expence of erecting and building

the said Bridge, and of making Roads thereunto as aforesaid, but so as that the whole Money to be borrowed shall not at any Time exceed the Sum of Eighteen thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Duke or his Heirs to assign over the said Tolls or Pontage Duty as a Security for the Repayment of the Sum or Sums of Money so borrowed, and the Interest thereof.

XIII.Pro-

564 4^ GEORGII III. Cap'll*

Table of XIIJ. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Duke and his

affixed"* be ^c‘rs be, and he and they is and are hereby required to cause to be put up, and afterwards to be continued, upon every Toll-Gate to be erected on or near the said Bridge, a Table of all the Tolls payable at such Gate, distinguishing each Toll, and the different Sorts of Carriages for which they are to be paid, where there shall be any Variation therein.

Tolls may be

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Duke and his Heirs let. is and are hereby authorized and empowered, either by Private Contract

or by Public Auction or Koup, to set and let the said Toll or Pontage Duty during the Continuance thereof, in the Whole or in Parc, from Time to Time and at all Times, by Lease or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, at or for the highest Kate or Rates he or they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time give such good and sufficient Security for paying thereof as shall be approved by the said Duke or his Heirs, or by such Person or Persons as may be authorized by him or them co that Effect.

Tolls maybe

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for reduced or the said Duke or his Heirs, from Time to Time, as often as he or altered. they shan think fit, to lessen, vary, or alter the several Tolls hereby granted or made payable, or any of them, and to raise the fame again, so as they do not exceed the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable as aforesaid; but no such Reduction or Alterations shall be made unless Fourteen Days’ Notice in Writing be given for that Purpose, by affixing the fame upon the Toll-House or Turnpike-Gate then erected in pursuance of this Act, and by inferring such Notice in One or more Newspapers.

Toprevent

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, evading the at any Time or Times, unload or cause to be unladen any Grain, Iolls* Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Thing whatsoever, or take off any Horse or Beast of Draught from any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage within Five hundred Yards from cither End of the said intended Bridge, and carry or cause to be carried such Grain, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Things so to be taken off and unladen either over the said Bridge or across the said River Tay, either on Foot or on Horseback, or on any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or in any Boat or other Vessel whatsoever, with an Intent to avoid any of the Tolls or Pontage Duties hereby granted or imposed, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling; or if any Person or Persons (except the said Duke or his Heirs, or others acting under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act,) shall, after the Building and Completing of the said intended Bridge, use any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, in ferrying or conveying any Person’s Grain, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Thing, across the said River Tay, at any Place or Places within Three Miles either above or below the said Bridge, the Owner or Owners of every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or the Person or Persons employing or

using

565

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33;

uQng the fame, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Bridge and Roads of Communication shall be palfable for Carriages and Passengers, all Roads leading to the said Ferries shall and may from thenceforth be flopped and (hut up by the said Duke and his Heirs.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Duke or his Heirs shall take from such Person or Persons as shall be from Time to Time respectively nominated and appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls and Pontage Duties hereby granted and made payable, such sufficient Security for the faithful Discharge of his or their Office or Offices as shall be approved of by the said Duke or his Heirs.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or Contractor or Contractors employed to build of repair the said Bridge, and such other Person or Persons as they or either of them shall employ or appoint for that Purpose, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, from Time to Time to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away Stones, Gravel, Sand, Earch, or other Materials proper for building or repairing the said Bridge, or the Making or Repairing the Ways, Roads, or Passages to, from, or over the fame, and for building the said Toll-House in, upon, out of, or from Waste Grounds, Rivers, or Brooks in the Pa-riffies of Little Dunkeld, Dunkeld, Caputb, or Dowally, without paying or making any Satisfaction for the fame, they the said Surveyors or Contractors, or any Persons employed by them, filling up the Fits or Holes, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be so taken, or railing or fencing the fame, so as such Pits or Holes be not dangerous to Paifengers or Cattle, and also in,.upon, or out of any Lands or Grounds in the said Parishes, belonging to any Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate or Politic whomsocyer, (not being the Ground whereon any House or Buildings fl^pd, ora Garden, Orchard, Yard, Flanced Walk, or Walks, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground, which before the Commencement of this Act had been planted, let apart, or used as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees,) such Surveyor or Surveyors, Contractor pr Concractors, or any other Person or Persons employed by them, having an Order from the said Duke or his Heirs for so doing, and filling up the Pits or Holes, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be so taken, and paying to the respective Owners and Occupiers of such Land or Grounds the Damages they shall respectively thereby sustain, and in case of any Difference concerning the Amount of such Damages, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Perth, shall and may, on Fourteen Days’ Notice thereof, to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Contractor or Contractors, to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Contractor or Contractors respectively, or to be left at the respective Places of Abode with lbme or one of their respective Families, hear, settle, and determine the Matters in Dispute, and ascertain what Damages shall be paid } and the

[,loc. fcf Per.] 7 D Order

Old RoadatO be Unit up.

Security to be taken from Treasurer and Collector.

For getting Materials.

566

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Order and Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

Notice to be

XX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall given of get- not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons,under the r!"fsMate* Authority l^'s Al^> to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for building or repairing the said Bridge, or making or repairing the said Roads to or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupiers of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken or lefr, for such Occupier, at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Perth, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, such Justices shall, if they think fit, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Justice shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended, leaving the Amount of the Recompence for the Damage done to be afterwards settled in the Manner before mentioned.

Roadspafling

XXI. And be it further enacted, That such Part of the Roads ap-

through proaching to or communicating with the said intended Bridge as pass

Towns or through any Town or Village shall not be less than Sixty Feet wide. Villages to o a o /

Punishin

XXII. And for preventing wilful and malicious burning, or otherwise Persons da- damaging or destroying the said Bridge or Centres thereof, be ic fur-maging the ther enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and mali- Bridge, ciously burn, blow up, pull down, or otherwise destroy the said Bridge or Centres, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or attempt so to do, or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without Authority from the said Duke or his Heirs, remove, destroy, or take away any Materials or Works thereunto belonging, or anywise direct or procure the same to be done, whereby the said Bridge, Centres, or Works thereof maybe damaged, or the Lives of Passengers or Workmen endangered, such Offender or Offenders, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

Or the Toll-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Gate, &c. maliciously break down or otherwise destroy the said Toll-Gate so to be erected, or any Polls, Rails, Chains, Bars, or other Parts thereof or adjoining thereto, or damage the said Toll House, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Perth, shall not only be condemned to pay the whole Damages and Expences sustained by the said Duke or his Heirs, but also be fined in a Sum not less than Five Pounds Sterling, and not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, and in Default of Payment to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Months.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 567

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shallfloat Timber to any Timber upon the said River Tay, through any of the Arches of the said Bridge, except the same shall be fattened together as Rafts, and attended by One or more Boat or Boats to conduct the fame; and if any Timber shall be floated through the said Arches in any other Manner, or any Damage shall be done to the said Bridge, or the Piers thereof, by any such Rafts, the Owner or Owners thereof shall not only pay the Damage sustained, but shall also forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall assault any Preventing Collector of the said Tolls or Pontage Duties, or by Force pass through forcible Paf-the said Toll-Gate without paying the Toll or Pontage Duties hereby granted, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted

upon Oath before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered by Distress and Sale as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Bridge, or upon any of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone or any other Thing whatsoever, which shall be conveyed upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Bridge or Roads, every Person or Persons so acting shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Right and Property of the said Veiling the Bridge so to be built or repaired, with the Toll-House and Turnpike- Bridge in the Gate to be built and erected, and the Materials thereof, are hereby Duke and vetted in the said Duke and his Heirs; and he or they is and are hereby hls Heirs-empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, Actions in his or their

Name or Names against any Person or Persons who shall damage the fame, or disturb him or them in the Possession thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Bridge shall Ferry to be at any Time or Times be so far out of Repair, or be in such Condition provided in that the Passage over the same shall be dangerous, or be prevented, B^ideelhmild it shall be lawful for the said Duke or his Heirs, and he or they is become inland are hereby required, during the Period that any Tolls or Pontage passable. Duties shall be paid for patting over the said Bridge, as often

as Occasion shall require, to provide One or more proper and convenient Ferry Boat or Boats for the PafTige of Persons, Lattle, and Carriages across the said River Tay, at such Place or Places as he or they shall judge to be most proper or convenient, and as near to the said Bridge as conveniently may be, and to take for Passage over the said River by such Boat or Boats, such Tolls or Duties as are hereby directed to be paid for patting over the said Bridge; and shall and may tile the fame Methods for Recovery thereof as are herein prescribed for recovering the Toll or Pontage Duty for Passage over the said bridge.

568

Commence-merit of the A&.

Recovery of Penalties.

Limitation of Adioos.

Appeal.

[Public Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers hereby granted shall commence on the Third Tuesday after the passing of this present Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted or authorised to be imposed in relation to the said Bridge, Tolls, or Pontage Duties, or in any Matter or Thing of and concerning the same, the Manner of recovering and levying whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the said Offence, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Perth, either by the Confession of the Party or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by Warrant under the Hands of such Justices, (which Warrant such Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant for those Purposes, and also to administer Oaths gratis,) such Sale being always made by Public Roup of Auction to the highest Bidder, at such Place as shall be directed by the said Warrant, within Five Days after such Distress shall have been made, and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale (after such Penakies are recovered, and the Charges of levying and recovering the same are deduced,) shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and all Penalties and Forfeitures, if not otherwise directed to be applied by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time during the Continuance of the said Tolls, be paid to the said Duke or his Heirs, and after the Cessation thereof to the Treasurer of the said County, and shall be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act, and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Justices, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Actions for all and every the Penalties by this Act imposed shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fast from which the Penalty arises was committed, and not afterwards.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or other Proceeding of the said Duke or his Heirs, or by any Order of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace not assembled in Quarter Sessions, it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Perth at their next General Quarter Sessions assembled, who are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute, and whole Order thereon shall be final and conclusive without further Appeal.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall bedeemedaPub-lic Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, -

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1 Bo j.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 34.

An Act for enlarging and altering the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several AcSfs of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty, and of the Fourth, Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the 2\ Geo. II.

Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing the Cap. 35. High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow , whereby certain Heritors in each County, and the other Persons therein named, were appointed Trustees for making and repairing the said Roads, with Power to erect Turnpikes, and to levy Tolls:

And whereas, in the Twenty-eighth Year of His laid late Majesty, *8 Geo-Ir*' another Act was patted, intituled An Act for enlarging the Term and Clp' 39* Powers granted by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled ‘ An Act for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow,’ and for making the said Act more effectual , so far as it related to the Roads within the County of Edinburgh: And whereas, in the Fourth Year of His Geo. in present Majesty's Reign, another Act was paired to amend and render Cap. 86. ILoc. & Per.] 7 E more

570

24 Geo. III. S fl. i. Cap. 18.

25 Geo. III. Cap. 28.^63.

29 Geo. III. Cap. 105.

3S Geo III. Cap. 45.

New Nomination of Trustees.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

more effectual the Two last-mentioned Acts, in as far as they regarded the Roads in the said Counrv of Edinburgh: And whereas an Act was pafiird in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An /IB for regulating and rendering more effectual the ExaBion of the Statute Work within the Shire of Edinburgh, and for authorising the Trustees for putting in Execution several ABs Jor repairing the High Roads tn the County of Edinburgh, to borrow, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the DifiriB of Lai wade, a farther Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the personal Security of the said Tru/iees; and for farther repairing the Roads within the said DifiriB; And whereas by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was, among other Things, enacted, That it.e Trustees for the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh might levy an additional Sum of One Shilling Sterling yearly, from every Person who should possess a House within the Middle District of Fifteen Pounds Sterling of yearly Rent: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several ABs of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty.eighth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, and of the Vowth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for making the same more effectual: And another Act was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several ABs of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North Efk, and the Water of Leith, in the said County: And whereas the said Roads in the County of Edinburgh are in many Places conducted in an inconvenient and disadvantageous Direction, and most of the Approaches to the City of Edinburgh are crooked and narrow, and have been found inconvenient and even dangeruus; and though large Sums of Money have of late Years been expended by the Trustees in improving the said Roads and Approaches, yet that Object cannot be completely attained unless Power be granted to borrow a farther Sum of Money, nor can such Sum be borrowed, or the Debts already contrafted by the said Trustees be repaid and discharged, unless the said recited Acts shall be altered and amended in such Manner as to make the Tolls thereby granted, and the Revenue thence arising, more productive by the Repeal of certain Exemptions, destructive to the Roads, and by making the Rates and Conversion for Statute Labour, and of Bridge Money, adequate to the present Times; and unless the whole of the said recited Acts shall be rendered more effectual; but as these Purposes cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Heritor v*o is or shall be, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the Possession and Enjoyment, as Fiar or Liferenter, of the full Property or Dominium Utile of Lands in the County of Edinburgh, rated in the Land Tax Roll or Valuation Books of the said County at One Hundred Pounds Scots of Valued Rent, or upwards, or retoured

as

57

43* GEORGOil III. Cap. 34.

as a Forty Shilling Lind of old Extent prior to the Sixteenth of September One thousand fix honored and eighty one; and every Heritor or Superior who is or shall be, in his own Right or in the Righc of his Wife, in the Possession and Enjoyment as Fiar or Life-renter, of Feu-duties payable from l ands in the said County, of the Valuation or Extent afortfod, to the A r.ount of Fi ty Pounds Sterling yearly or upwards; and the Elded Son nf every Person so qualified, bring of lawful Age; as alto the Lord Provost, the Four Bullies, the Dean of Guild, and the Deacon Convener of the City of Edinburgh, the Members of Parliament for the County and for the City of Edinburgh, the Sheriff Depute of the County of Edinburgh, and his Chief Substitute, the Ma'er of the Merchant Company of the said City of Ed'nburgh, and the Treasurer of George Herts?& Hospital, all for the Time being, shall, Lorn and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the above-recited Acts, be and they are htreby nominated and appointed Trustees for putting in Execution the whole of the before-recited Acts, and this present Act, as well those which regard the Turnpike Roads, as those that relate to the Cross or Bye Roads, and the Statute Labour applicable thereto; and there (h dl from henceforth be vested in the said Trustees every Right, Interest, and Property, and the whole Powers, Privileges, and Authorities which were formerly vested in, or did belong to the Trustees named by any of the said former Acts, and they may levy, or cause to be levied, the whole Tolls and Duties, and other Funds granted by all or any of the said former Acts, or by this present Act, ter and during the Continuance of the said recited Acts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That in Limitation no Cafe shall the Fhar ad or vo e in Prclence of the Life-renter, or the Superior in Pretence of the ValLl; nor shall any Son ad or vote 1 when his Father is excluded, or if present, would br so excluded; neither shall any Person whatever ad or vote in any Dilfrict Meeting, (the middle District only excepted,) or in any Parish Meeting unless he be in the Possession and Enjoyment of the legal Qn ditication in Land or Feu Duties as aforesaid, or be the eldest Son or a Person so qual fied-, nor shall any Perfe.n holding a Place of Profit or Emolument under the Trustees, be entitled, during the Enjoyment of such Place, to ad or vote at any Meeting whatever; five o ily in the Parish Meetings, where he may have the legal Qualification; and all a.id every Persons or Person desiring to ad or vote as Tiuftres, or as a Trustee, shall, upon being the reunto required by any Trustee, take and subscnU, in Pre fence of any Meeting held under this Act, an Oath, which the Prefcs of the Meetirg is hereby authorized arid empowered to aciininitter, in the Words or to the Effect follow.ng:

I A.B. do swear that I am truly 2nd bind fide in the Possession and 1 Enjoyment of the Qualification to act as a 1 rustee prescribed by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled (here fei fsrlb lb: Tate f this Act).

'So help me GOD."

5 72

Penalty fof acting without a Qualification.

General

Meetings.

Dillrifl

Meetings.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee, every such Person shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds Sterling, besides full Costs, to be recovered by summary Complaint at the Instance of any Trustee for the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff-Depute or Substitute of the County of Edinburgh, and the Penalties Hull, on Conviction, be paid to the general Clerk of the Trustees, to be by him applied towards the general Expence chargeable against the Trust; and in every such Complaint, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant, and every Thing acted or done by such unqualified Person shall be void and null, unless the same shall have been agreed to by a Majority of Trustees legally qualified; but all and every Person is hereby indemnified for having acted or voted without the legal Qualification at any Time before the passing of this Act.

IV. And in order more distinctly to define in wha Manner the Trustees may proceed and aft in the Matters respectively committed to them by the said recited Acts, and by this present Act; be it enacted, That the Quorum or Number of Persons necessary to do Business at a General Meeting shall be Seven Trustees personally met together, and there shall in future be held at Edinburgh Six dated General Meetings yearly, at the Times and in the Manner following, videlicet, One oi these dated General Meetings shall take place upon the Day of the Michaelmas Meeting of Freeholders of the said County of Edinburgh-, another shall take place on the Day on which the Commissioners of Supply shall meet for assessing the said County with the Land 1 ax; and the other Four dated General Meetings shall be held upon the First Tuesday after the Commencement of the Winter and Summer Sections of the Court of Session, and on the 'Tuesday immediately before the rising of those Sections respectively; but with Power nevertheless, to any General Meeting of Trustees from Time to Time, by a Resolution entered upon their Records, to alter the Four last-mentioned General Meetings 10 any other Day or Days that may be more convenient; and besides these Rated Meetings, the Trustees may hold occasional General Meetings at such Times and Places, and as often as they shall be required lo to do by an Advertisement, specifying the Purposes of the Meeting, published in at lead Three of the Edinburgh Newspapers, by Order of the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Edinburgh, or in his Absence, of the Sheriff-Depute of the said County for the Time being; and every such occasional Meeting may be held on the Sixth Day after the Insertion of the Advertisements, or on any after Day, but nothing shall be then taken under Consideration but what is specified in the Advertisement; and at all of those dated or occasional Meetings the Trustees may name a Prefes, and the Minutes or Proceedings of such Meetings signed by the Prefes thereof, or Extracts signed by their Clerk, shall bear Faith, and be received as Evidence in the same Manner as the Interlocutors of the Judges of the Courts of Law in Scotland, or the Extracts of their Clerk are, or may be.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Quorum, or Number of Persons necessary to do Business at any Meeting of the Middle District, shall be Five Trustees, and in all the other Districts Three Trustees, personally met together; and in all other Respects the Meetings and Proceedings of Districts shall be held and regulated as they are, or may be held and regulated

573

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

gulated by tKe said recited Acts, or by any Resolution or Order of a General Meeting of Trustees not inconliftent therewith; and the Minutes of all District Meetings, signed by the Prefes of such Meeting, or Extracts thereof, signed by the District Clerk, shall bear Faith, and be received as Evidence in' the same Manner as is herein-before provided with regard to General Meetings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in the Parish Meetings appointed by Parish Meet-the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty for manag- inS3* ing the Statute Labour, Hated Meetings shall be held as by the said Act; directed, and the Trustees may adjourn from Time to Time as they may feeCause; and at all Iudi Meetings, any one Trustee, or Number of Trustees, qualified as aforesaid, and having Lands in the Parish, or any Person or Persons properly authorised by an absent Trustee or Trustees, may proceed to do Business in the Matters by the said Act, or by this present Act committed to such Parish Meetings; and if at any stated, or adjourned Meeting of any Parish, no Trustee or Person authorised by a Trustee, shall meet so as to do Business, or to adjourn, another Meeting shall take place on that Day Fortnight, and so on, at the Distance of every Fortnight, until a legal Meeting shall be obtained; and the Originals, or Extracts of the Minutes of such Parish Meetings, shall bear Faith in the same Manner as is herein-before provided in regard to Distri&s,

VII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Fifteenth Day of August Exemptions One thousand eight hundred and three, the whole Exemptions, whether rePeaIed* general or partial, granted by all, or any of the before-recited Acts,

so far as the fame regard the Turnpike Roads of the County of Edinburgh, shall cease and determine; and the full Tolls and Duties authorised to be levied and taken by the said Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, shall in future (with the Exceptions after expressed) be levied and taken for all Articles and Commodities whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifteenth Additional Day of August, the said Trustees may demand and take, at the several Toll on Turnpike Gates or Bars, within the said County of Edinburgh, for and ffeavy Car* in respect of all Carts or other Carriages used for the Purposes of Trade, na°e>' Elulbindry, or Commerce, the Additional Tolls and Duties following, videlicet, if the Carriage with its Burden or Loading shall exceed Twenty-

fix Hundred Weight, and shall be under Thirty-four Hundred Weight,

One Half more of the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by the said former Acts, and by this Act; and if the said Carriage, and its Burden or Loading, shall be Thirty-four Hundred Weight or upwards, double the said Tolls and Duties; which Additional Tolls and Duties, so authorized to be levied, shall not be held to be Penalties, but the just and fair Toll Duties due and payable for such Carriages ulrd fcr the Purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for any General Meeting of Trustees to erect, or cause to be erected, on such Parts of the said Roads as they Hull think proper, or on the Sides of the same.

Weighing Machines, at which all Persons travelling with Carts or Carriages of the above Description shall be obliged, when required by the Collector, Toll Gatherer, or by any Trustee, to weigh every such Car-[Loc. £5? Per.] ‘ 7 F riage

574-

Limitation as to Broad Wheels,

Articles exempted in full.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

riage when passing or intending to pass through any Turnpike-Gate within the said County: Provided always, That no Cart or Carriage of the above Description shall be chargeable with Additional Toll, for, or in respetfl of the Weight thereof, if the Fellies of the Wheels of such Carriage shall be of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, whether confiding of One or more Tiers-, and provided also, that the Fellies of the said Wheels shall be cylindrical, that is to say, of the fame Dia-meteron the Inside next to the Carriage, and on the Outside, and in every intermediate Part between the Inside and the Outside, so that when rolling on a flat Surface the whole Breadth of such Fellies shall bear equally on such flat Surface; and provided also, that the opposite Ends of the Axle-Trees of such Carriages, as far as the same shall be inferred into the Naves of the Wheels, shall not form any Angle with each other, but shall be in the Continuation of one straight Line, so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriages the lower Parts which shall red on the Ground shall be at the fame Didance from each other as the opposite or upper Part of the said Pair of Wheels; and every Person claiming the Privilege so granted to Broad-wheeled Carriages, shall permit the same to be examined and measured by any Person concerned in the Collection of the said Tolls and Duties.

IX. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That from and after the said Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, the Articles and Commodities hereinafter specified shall be permitted to pass the whole Turnpike Gates in the County without being charged with any Toll or Duty whatever, videlicet, all Stones, or other Materials, for making or repairing any of the Great or Cross Roads within the said County of Edinburgh, or the Bridges thereon, or any causeways within or belonging to the fame, or for any other Works or Buildings carried on under the Authority of the Trusteesj as also ail Hay, Grain, or Pulse in the Straw, Potatoes, Turnips, or other Vegetables, Flax, Hemp, or Wool, to be laid up in the Houses, Out-houses, Barns or Yards of any Heritor, Tenant, or Inhabitant of the said County, by whom the fame were raised, and not being for Sale; as also all Dung, or other Manure, for the improving and manuring of Land not bought, fold, or disposed of, or carried for the Purpose of being sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses or Onsteads, or on the Lands of the Owner thereof, who shall not have bought the fame and all Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, and all Work Horses and Cattle passing from one Part of a Farm to another Part of the fame Farm, or from the Yard or Offices of the Inhabitants of Towns or Villages within the County to Burghroods or Fields adjoining to any such Town or Village occupied by such Inhabitant, where there are no Yard or Offices; as also all Horses and other Cattle going to, or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or any Smithy in the fame or next adjoining Parish; as also all Carriages and Horses of whatever Description, employed in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expressfes under the Authority of His Majestyls Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying such Mails or Expressfes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; as also all Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty, and ail Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or 1 car-

43° GEORGl I III. Cap. 34. 575

tarrying any wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; as also all Horses furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption; as also all Carts, Carriages, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants or Criminals, under legal Pastes; and also all Carts, or other Carriages, actually used for the Purpose of carrying Articles of Trade, Husbandry, or Commerce, going or returning empty.

X. Provided also and be it further enacted, That for and during Articles the Space of Twelve Years next and immediately following the exempted said Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three>PiTt_

One Third only of the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by the said former Acts and this Act shall be demanded and taken, at any Toll Bar within the said County of Edinburgh, for any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage laden with Dung or Manure of any Kind, not being Manure herein-before exempted from Payment of the said Tolls and Duties.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That from and Articles ex-after the said Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, the Persons and Commodities hereinafter Specified shall be permitted to pass the Toll Bars in the Manner hereinafter expressed, videlicet, the Bakers at the Mills called the Water of Leith Mills shall be entirely exempted from Toll at the Turnpike Bar at Kirkbrae-bead for Carriages with Flour from their Mills, upon condition of keeping in a State of perfect Repair the Road and Footpath from those Mills to the Scite of the Toll Bar that was in Use at and preceding the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, in the Manner prescribed by the Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, unless the said Trustees shall think proper to resume the Power of repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road and Footpath, which the said Trustees are hereby empowered to do, in which Cafe the said Bakers shall be bound and obliged to pay One Half the Tolls and Duties authorized to be, levied by this and the said former Acts for all Carriages with Flour passing from their Mills, and shall thenceforth cease to be bound and obliged to keep in Repair the said Road and Footpath; and further, all Persons going to or returning from their own Parish Church, or their customary Place of Religious Worship upon Sundays and Fast Days, or on any other Day or Days on which Divine Worship may be ordered by Authority to be celebrated; and all Attendants upon the Funeral, or Persons going to attend, or returning from having attended the Funeral of any Person or Persons dying and buried within the County of Edinburgh, shall pass free of Toll at every Turnpike Bar in the County, except only Persons going to, or returning from Church or F’unerals in Four-wheeled Carriages, all of whom so travelling in Four-wheeled Carriages shall pay the full customary Tolls.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That from Articles ex-and after the said Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and

576 43° GEORGII III. £*/>. 34.

three, it shall not be lawful to exact a second Toll-Duty from any Person or Persons travelling through the County of Edinburgh, who shall produce a Pass-Ticket of the same Day’s Date, denoting Payment of To) J for the precise fame Loading or Article at any other Gate or Bar in the said County, fituared within Six measured Miles of the Gate or Bar where the Pass-Ticket is so used, nor to exact more than Two Toll Duties for a whole Day’s Travelling with the fame Loading or Article on all or any of the Principal or Cross Roads of the said County, and any Person described as aforesaid, producing Two Pass Tickets of the same Day’s Date, shall be entitled for that Day to pass free through any other Bar within the said County of Edinburgh: Provided always, That if in any of the above-mentioned Cases, the fame Cart or other Carriage shall pass with a new Loading, or any hired Coach, Chaise, or Carriage of the like Kind, shall return with a new Fare, then Toll shall be paid at every Toll Bar in the same Manner as it no Pass-Ticket were tendered , and that notwithstanding the aforesaid Limitations, Toll shall be chargeable without any Regard to Pass Tickets, and over and above all other Toll Duties, at the Gates erected, or to be erected under the Authority of the aforesaid Ait of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, betwixt Melville Gate and Gallovishall, or betwixt Ktrkr-hill and Harvifton, or at or near Kirkettle Mill, or at any other Gate which may be erected under the Authority of a General Meeting of Trustees, at the Confines of the County on the Queensferry Road.

Veiling and

XIII. And be it enacted, That the whole Tolls and Duties hereby, and the Turn- by the before-recited A<Ets authorised to be levied at the Turnpike Gates in ike Funds. the said County of Edinburgh, are, and shall be vested in the Trullees appointed by this present Act, and shall be levied and applied in tnc Manner, and with and under the Conditions and Provisions contained in the said former Acts, and in this present Act.

Conversions

XIV. And whereas the Conversions levied in lieu of Statute Labour in the Middle ^rom t^ie Householders of the City of Edinburgh, and the Suburbs and Li-District. berties thereof, under the Direction of the Middle Dilirift, are not only inadequate to the Purposes to which the same are, by Law, applicable, but now bear no Proportion to the present Value of the actual Labour which those Householders may be called upon to perform; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall and may be levied yearly from all Tenants and Occupiers of Houses of the Descriptions after expressed, within the City of Edinburgh, Canongate, Leith, and other Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and from all other Householders within the Bounds of the Middle Uiftridt, in lieu and place of the whole Six Days Labour, and of the Conversions thereof, at present exigible from them, the several Races and Duties corresponding to the yearly Rental or Value of the Dwelling-House, Cottage, or Tenement which each Person may occupy as under, videlicet. For a Rental exceeding Twenty Shillings, and not amounting to Five Pounds, a Composition or Conversion of One Shilling and Sixpence: For Five Pounds, and under Twenty Pounds, a Composition of Three Shillings: F'or Twenty Pounds, and under Forty Pounds, a Compofuion of Six Shillings: For F’orty Pounds, and under Seventy Pounds, a Compofiiion of Twelve Shillings: For Seventy Pounds, and upwards, a Compofuion of Eighteen Shillings all Sterling

Money

577

4i° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Money , which several Rates or Compositions shall be levied and paid yearly and every Year pursuant to Assessments made in the Manner directed by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting t<*His Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on inhabited Houses, and for con/oltdating the fame with the present Duties thereon," videlicet, The Assessment to be made in each Year shall be in force for One whole Year from the Term of Whitsunday in the Year in which the same shall be made, and the Rates or Compositions to be levied upon such Assessments shall be charged upon the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, in respect whereof the said Rates or Compositions shall be charged, and shall be levied of him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Executors or Representatives; and if »ny Change in the Occupation of any House, Cottage, or Tenement, shall take place after an Assessment shall be made, then, and in that Cafe the Rates or Compositions hereby directed to be charged on the Occupier or Occupiers of Houses, Cottages, or Tenements, shall be levied upon and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, without any new AsselTment for that Year, notwithstanding such Change in the Occupation of such House, Cottage, or Tenement: Provided always, That in all Cases where Parliamentary or Local Taxes are, according to the Covenants or Agreements of Parties, payable by the Landlord or Landlords, in such Cases the said Landlord or Landlords shall be and become liable to the said Rates or Compositions; and the Application Money so to be levied shall be applied as the former Conversions at of the Con-present are, or ought to be, under the Charge and Inl'pedlion of the middle version*>&c* Dillridl aforesaid, who shall be subject to the Direction and Controul, and liable to account to the General Meetings of Trustees, in the same Manner in every Respect as the Diilridts for the Turnpike Roads of the same County may be by Law directed, controuled, or made accountable.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person occupying a Small and

House, Cottage, or Tenement of the Rental or yearly Value of Twenty Shillings, or under that Sum, shall be liable for any Conversion , and *"

the Trustees acting for the Middle District, may besides, if they shall

fee Cause, by their Warrant relieve from Payment of the Conversions all or any Persons of a Rental under Five Pounds Sterling j but all Exemptions other Exemptions shall cease and be abolished, any Thing in the said abolifted. former Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, for the more ready The Cityand levying of the aforesaid Rates and Conversions, the Trustees of the menw co*be" Middle District, or any Person authorized by them, may demand Ac- communi-cess to the Valuations and Assessments upon inhabited Houses, for the cased. Collection of the Public Revenues, or those of the City of Edinburgh j

and the Officers having the Custody of such Valuations or Assessments shall give Inlpcdtion of the fame accordingly, and allow the District to take Excerpts or Copies thereof without Fee or Reward.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Whole of the Statute Labour of the Conversions laid County of Edinburgh, or the Conversions authorised to be taken in j°

liep thereof, slave and except the Bounds of the Middle District as ri(he!. aforesaid,) shall be levied and applied by the Parish Meetings in Manner [Loc. &? Per.J . 7 G appointed

578

Parishes accountable to the Gem-ral Meetings.

Jurisdiction reserved to the Justices.

Indemnity for pad OmilEons, ice.

Specifications to be reported by the Purilhes.

43tf GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

appointed by the aforesaid Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, unless in so far as the fame is varied, explained, or amended by this prefenc Act; but those Parish Meetings shall, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, and in all Time coming, be under the Direction and Controul, and liable to account to the General Meetings of Trustees of the said County, in the same Manner as they are, or may be directed, controuled, or made accountable to the Justices of the Peace of the County of Edinburgh, or to the Quarter Sessions of those Justices; and all Powers, Privileges, or Jurisdictions by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, vested in the said Justices or Quarter Sessions, are hereby transferred to, and vested in the said General Meetings of Trustees, and may be exercised by them as the said Justices or Quarter Sessions have been in use to exercise, or might lawfully exercise the fame: Provided always, That the Jurisdiction of the said Justices is, and shall be nevertheless reserved to them in as far as regards the Judicial Proceedings prescribed by the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for levying and making effectual the Statute Labour, or the Conversions thereof, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas some Parishes have for many Years omitted tore-port to the Justices of Peace, and other Parishes may have neglected to levy and apply the Statute Services, or the legal Conversions thereof; be it therefore enacted, That the Trustees of the several Parishes, and all Officers or other Persons acting under their Orders, shall be, and they are hereby indemnified for all Omissions, and discharged of all Penalties for the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, and for all preceding Years, in consequence of not having conformed to the Directions of the said Acts, excepting in the Cafe of Prosecutions commenced prior to the passing of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That within Six Months from the passing of this Act, the Trustees of each Parish, shall make up and report to the General Meeting of Trustees a correct Lift and Specification, containing, under One Head, the several Roads in each respective Parish necessary to be kept up-, and, under another Head, the exact Number of Ploughgates in each Parish, with the Names and Designations of the Persons liable to be aflelfed for or in respect thereof, and also another Lift of the Carters and Householders in every such Parish liable to perform Statute Labour; and for those Purposes the said Trustees, in their respective Parishes, may take such Proofs, and appoint such Officers as they may think necessary; and it shall be lawful for the General Meeting of Trustees, by such Ways and Means as they may judge to be expedient, to check the Lifts and Specifications so reported, and to rectify them if erroneous; and in cale the Trustees of any Parish shall fail to make up and transmit such Lifts and Specifications as aforesaid, the General Meeting of Trustees shall have Power, and they are hereby required to make up the lame in like Manner and to the like Effect, as if they had been made up by the Trustees of the Parish; and after the Specifications have been adjusted and approved of by a General Meeting, they shall be inserted by the General Clerk in the Sederunt Book of the Trustees, or in any other Book to be appropriated by them for that Purpose, subject nevertheless to such Alterations as may, from Time to Time, be authorised by a General Meeting; and it shall not be lawful to allocate any

579

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

of the Services, or to appropriate any of the Conversions, except only to the Roads which shall be contained in the Lifts and Specifications so authorised and recorded.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General Meet- TheTolliand ing of Trustees, upon Cause shewn by any District or Parish, to diminish or Converfiom lefTen all or any of the Tolls, or the Conversions of Statute Labour, hereby,

or by the before-recited Acts, appointed to be levied and exacted, and to authorise smaller Tolls or Conversions to be levied in any of the Distridtsor Parishes, and again to raise and augment the said Toil Duties or Conversions to any Rate, not exceeding those authorised by the before-recited Acts and this Act, all in such Manner as from the State of the Roads, or of the Funds of any of the Districts or Parishes, may, to the said General Meeting of Trustees, seem to be proper and just.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all the Powers contained in the said Acts Provisions of of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His late ^"extend-Majesty George the Second, and of the Fourth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty- e(j to crof, ty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in this Act, Roads, which relate to the making, repairing, widening, and altering the Turnpike Roads in the said County of Edinburgh, or any of them; to digging

for, taking and carrying away of Materials for the Use of the said Roads, and ascertaining Damages for the fame; to removing Nuisances from the said Roads, or any of them, and preventing Obstructions therein; and also which relate to the prohibiting and preventing any Injury from being done to the said Roads, or any of them, shall be and they are hereby extended to the Cross Roads and all other Roads in the said County which are not Turnpike.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for Oldomfelefii any General Meeting of Trustees, to shut up and suppress Public Roads

of every Description, which may appear useless or of little Importance to u up" the Public: Provided always, That Notice of any such Intention be previously given for two Consecutive Sundays, by Intimation upon the Church Doors of the respective Parishes through which the said Roads pafsj and iheFirft, or any subsequent stated General Meeting, after such Intimation has been given and reported, shall hear all Persons conceiving themselves to be aggrieved, and may exclusively, in the first Instance, determine as to the (hutting up or suppressing such Roads as to them shall appear just and reasonable j declaring nevertheless, that the ultimate Dec.fion of the Trustees may be brought under Review of the Court of Session by Suspension, or Reduction, in the Name of any Person interested, at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of the definitive Decision -, but if the Determination of the Trustees shall not be so complained of within Twelve Calendar Months, then the same shall be final and conclusive in all Time thereafter.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That for the greater Safety and Convenience Improved of Persons passing to and from the City of Edinburgh, and upon the Great Communica-Post Road by Mujfelburgh, it shall be lawful to any general Meeting of Trustees of the said County of Edinburgh, and they are hereby authorised Mujfel.

and empowered, to open an improved Communication from Prince’s burgh.

Street in the said City and Liberties of Edinburgh, by means of a Road

of

580

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

of ^ny Breadth, not exceeding Sixty Feet, pading through the Front Tenement belonging to the Heirs of William Frafer, Tin Smith, to the Point where the Line of Prince's Street (trikes the Property of John Cock* burn Ross of Sandwicbe Esquire , and from the last-mentioned Point, the said Road may be carried forward, of the fame Breadth, by Coats, in the most convenient ana approved Direction, to the Whitehouse Bar, and from thence in the straighteft and most approved Line by Dairy and Tyne Castle Brae, until it shall join the Colder and Slateford Roads respectively, with Power to widen and improve the present Lines of Road from the Bars of Tyne Castle and White House respectively, crofting the Lothian Road to the We/l PpTt of Edinburgh , as also to widen to the Extent aforesaid and to carry in the straighteft and most approved Direction the South End of the said L,othian Road, and the Road from she said Lothian Road by Laurieston and Teviot Row to Brifto Street, in or near the said City of Edinburgh-, as also to open another improved Communication, not exceeding the aforesaid Breadth of Sixty Feet, from Nicholson's Street, in or near the said City of Edinburgh, through Saint Patrick’s Square, and from thence, in the most convenient and approved Line, through Newington and other intervening Properties, to Mayfield Loan, and from thence by and across the Posy Burn until the said improved Communication shall connect with the present Turnpike Roads leading from the City of Edinburgh to Lafwade, Newbotfle, and Dalkeith, and, if necessary, to widen Mayfield Loan so as to form a Connexion with the Dalkeith and Lafwade Roads at that Point; as also to open another improved Communication, not exceeding the aforesaid Breadth, from Nicolson’s Street aforesaid, by Drummond Street as nearly as may be in a straight Line, passing by the South of Holyrood House until it shall join the great Post Road at the Watering Stone near Jock’s Lodgeas also to open another improved Communication, not exceeding the aforesaid Breadth, from the said Post Road at Jock’s Lodge, or between Jack's Lrjdge and the Aobty Hill, pa (Ting by or near the Bottom of the Caltou Hill, to join Leith Walk at some convenient Place below Baxter’s Build-tugs , which federal improved Communications shall pals through the Properties or reputed Properties of the Persons whose Names are specified and contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or some of them; as 3U0 to build a new Bridge over the stiver Eft at Mujfelburgh, either upon the Scire of the present Stone Bridge, or at any other Place below that Bridge, and to make all necessary and proper Communication to Connect the Post Road with such new Bridge.

The Line of Roatrto he fixed by the Trusteee.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees at their General Meetings assembled may fix the particular Line or Direction for each of the aforesaid improved Approaches co the said City of Edinburgh, and the proper Scite for the new Bridge at Mujfelburgh, and may for that Purpose give Orders for such Surveys, Plans, or Estimates as they may judge necessary, and may hear Persons interested, and their Decision shall be final and conclusive, without being subjectt to Appeal, Advocation, Suspension, or Keduction, and it shall be lawful thereupon for the said Truth es to carry the said Approaches and Communications through the Properties belonging or reputed to belong to the several Persons whole Names are mentioned in the said Schedule hereunto annexed onfy, and to take what Ground may be necessary for the Scite of the said Bridge, and the said Approaches thereto-, and for all or any of these Pur poles to pull down and demolish all Houses and Erections, and to pass

4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 581

pass through all Gardens, Yards, or other Grounds, necelfiry for making and completing the said Approaches and Communications, or any of them, making Compensation to the several Proprietors thereof in Man* ner herein directed.

XXV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if the said Value of Trustees cannot agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Cor- Houses and porate, whose Properties may be required for making the said improved JjjeLine'of Communications, then the Trustees shall proceed to have the Prices or [he above Recompence of such Premises ascertained by a Jury, in the same Manner Cotnmunica-s is prescribed by the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present tlon, Majesty for ascertaining the Value of Houses or Grounds required for the

new Bridges thereby authorised to be built, and for the Communication thereto; but m all other Respects the Powers of the Trustees to take down or demolish Houses or to pass through Grounds, Gardens, or Yards, and the Mode of ascertaining the Damages or Recompence in any such Cases shall continue and remain on the fame Footing as is already by Law provided.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That all Lands, Buildings, or other Property, Mode of which may be acquired by the Trustees in pursuance of this Act or of any vt'sting Pr°' of the before-recited Acts, shall be vested in the said Trustees by the

Ample Discharge for the agreed or apprised Value thereof, or by Con-signation of said Price or Value in the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank thereof, for the Use and Behoof of the Person or Persons entitled thereto , and it shall be fuffinent to record the Discharge or the Voucher of Consignation in the Sheriff Court Books of Edinburgh, whereupon the Trustees shall be entitled to take and use the Ground, Buildings, and other Property so paid and provided for, and shall hold the same as validly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the Owners had executed in their Favour regular Dispositions of the fame, and Infeftments had followed thereupon.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or ney for en* this Act for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are sub- tailed Pro-jedl to Liferents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Perty. &c-Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under e*’oo/ any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the fame shall CCe 1BS 2 amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be [Loc. fc? Per.] , 7 H ' so

582

If under iool. and above zol.

Where under ao/. Sterling.

Apportioning the Expences of making the new Commu' nication.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in' the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be extfting undetermined and captble of taking Effed; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Intcrert or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXVIII. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to One or more Trustee or Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the interest anfing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money lo agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Caies the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case ofinfancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to order and direct in what Manner, and in what Proportions the Expence of making all or any of such new Communication as herein-before mentioned, shall be borne and defrayed, and payable out of the Tolls, Duties, and Conversions granted by the said former Acts and by

2 this

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 5 $3

this present Act, any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas it will require, for’accomplishing the Objects of Additional this present Act, and such other Improvements as are (till necessary upon ,°|[etl>e the Turnpike Roads and in the Middle District, that the Trustees by this RoldT'and Act appointed should have Authority to borrow a farther Sum of Mo- Middle ney; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Gene- Diilndt.

ral Meeting of Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties levied under this and the said former Acts, and upon the Credit of the Funds authorised to be levied in the Middle District, or upon the Credit of any Part or Parts thereof, to authorize the borrowing any further Sum or Sums of Money, in Manner herein-after mentioned, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty-three Thousand Seven Hundred Pounds Sterling, over and above all Sums authorised to be borrowed by former Acts, to be ap- Apportion-portioned, applied, and secured in the same Manner as the Sums au- ment and thonfed to be borrowed by the above-recited Acts of the Twenty-ninth Application, and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty are thereby directed to be apportioned and applied.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the additional Sum of Money hereby Mode of bor-authorised to be borrowed, shall be so borrowed under the fame Regula- rowing, tions and on the fame Terms as are prescribed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Trustees of any Parish Jf'oan ,0 the shall produce to a General Meeting of Trustees satisfactory Fvidtnce that Pariflle8, the Public might be better accommodated by an immediate Outlay of a

Sum of Money beyond the yearly Return or Income from the Statute Labour, it shall be lawful to such General Meeting, or to any subsequenc General Meeting of Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to borrow, upon the Credit of the Conversion Money levied in any such Parish, and to be employed upon the Roads and Bridges in that Parish, and not otherwise, such a Sum of Money as they may find to be expedient, and to assign over the Conversion Money as a Security, and for Repayment of the Sums fe borrowed, with the lawful Interest thereof; provided that the whole Sums due at any Time in any one Parish shall not exceed Six Years Amount of the Conversion Money of such Parish upon an Average of the three preceding Years, and that not more than Two Thirds of the Conversion of the Parish shall be assigned in Security of such Loan; and every such Asignment shall be executed at a General Meeting of the Trustees, and recorded by their Clerk in the same Manner as Assignments of the Turnpike Funds are directed to be recorded; but the General Meeting may dilpenfe with the Notices and Advercisements prescribed in other Cases.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees signing Relative Re-the Assignations prescribed by the present Act, and the before-recited fponfibili y Acts, in the Capacity of Trustees, shall not be understood in any Rtfpcft to "jr‘haenJcr«. bind themselves personally, neither shall any Creditor lending or having ditors-

lent Money upon the Security of the Turnpike Funds, or upon the Conversion of Statute Labour, either for the Time past or in Time coming, be

any-

5S4 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

anywise concerned with the Application of the Money, but shall be sufficiently secured by the Ample Assignations of the Trustees, and such Assignations may be transferred by the Creditors therein, and such Transferences may be intimated to the General Clerk, and to the Convener, Clerk, or Cashier of the District or Parish from which the Money is due without any other Form of Intimation whatever.

BuiHing’,

XXXV. And beitenafled, That in Time coming it shall not be law-planting, and fut for any person or Persons within the County of Edinburgh, to build any thr Road°n H011^ or Houses, or to make any Fence or Inclosure, or to plant any Trees. Side. within Twenty-five Feet of the Centre of any of the Principal Roads, or

within Fiftten Feet of the Centre of any of the Cross Roads within the said County of Edinburgh, or within Six Feet of the Side of any Road already made, if it shall be of a Breadth exceeding the above Limits, unless Notice to that Effect be previously given by the Persons io intending to build, inclose, or plant, specifying the precise Line of Road, and the Parish wherein it is situated, at lead Forty Days previous to the commencing of any such Operation to the General Clerk of the Trustees, who is hereby required to enter in the Records under his Charge an exact Copy of such Intimation, and within Ten Days after receiving the fame, to forward it to the Convener or Clerk of the District within which the Lands are locally situated; and if any Person shall, without such Intimation, proceed to build, plant, or inclose, nearer to the Centre or Side of any Road than is above described, all such Houses, Inclosures, and Plantations may be demolished if they encroach upon any Road alrrady made, and if otherwise, no Allowance or Compensation shall be made on account of the Road being afterwards widened, than would have been due if such Buildings, Fences, or Plantations had not been made.

Formation

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That when in Time coming, any Fences and kreping shall be made on the Sides of the High Road, the Ditch and Hedge shall DitchejCe&c on l^e ne!£t Field, and the plain Face of the Fence or" Bank

’ ' shall be exposed to the Road, and there shall be proper Conduits at different

Places for carrying the Water from the Road under the said Fence or Bank into the Ditch, and the Hedges, whether already made or to be hereafter made, shall never be allowed to exceed in Height Five Feet from the Surface of the Ground at the Bottom of the Hedge; and every Proprietor, Tenant, or Occupier of Lands on the Side of the Road, shall, at the proper Season of the Year, lop or prune any Trees, Bushes, or Hedges which may overhang the Roads, or obstruct the Free Circulation of Air; and they shall also keep up the Dykes, and scour the Ditches on the Sides of the Road, as well as all Outlets or Passages for carrying off the Water from such Ditches, so that the fame may have always a free Course through the adjoining Grounds; and if any such Proprietor, Tenant, or Occupier, shall neglect or refuse so to do, after a Requisition v of Ten Days from the Overseer or Surveyor or other Officer appointed by the Trustees, it shall be competent for such Overseer or Surveyor or other Person duly authorized, to do or cause to be done all the Matters and Things hereby required to be done by such Proprietor, Tenant, or Occupier, and he shall be entitled to recover from such Proprietor, Tenant, or Occupier the full Expence thereof, besides the full Costs of Suit.

1

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 535

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall mali- PubhcWorks cioully break, pull down, or otherwise destroy or deface any Bridge or Para- Prote£led-pet thereof, or any Turnpike-gate, Toll-house, Weighing Machine, Poll,

Chain, Par, Mile-stone, Guide-post, Coping or other Public Work whatsoever, belonging to the Trustees, or shall rescue any Person or Persons in Custody lor such Offence; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Penalty or Fine not under Ten Shillings nor exceeding Ten Pounds with full Costs of Suit, besides the whole Damage sustained by the Trustees.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person Public Roads to ride upon the Foot-paths constructed along the Sides of the High Roads, Protested-or to use the Erne for any other Purpose whatever than the Accommodation of Foot Passengers; or to drag or turn a Plough upon any of the

Roads or Foot Paths; or to hang or place any Gate across the fame or along the Side thereof to open otherwise than into the Field -, or to lay or leave upon any of the Roads, or within Five Yards thereof (unless there be a proper Fence betwixt and the Road) any Carr, Chaise, or other Carriage, loaded or unloaded, or any Implement of Husbandry, or any Timber, Lime, Mortar, Shells, Gravel, Stones, Carrion, Dung, Soil,

Comport, or any Sand or Ashes (except in Time of Froft)} or to leave any Horses, Oxen, Cows, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Swine, or other Cattle to lye down or loiter in the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or to suffer them to graze upon the Sides of the Roads or on the Drains and Ditches j or to carry along the Roads any Timber, Iron, or other Matter whatever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage; or to suffer the fame, even on such Wheel Carriage, to projefl beyond the outer Part thereof, or to occupy more of the Road in Breadth than is occupied by the Cart or other Carriage itself, or to touch or drag upon any Part of the Road; or to make any Hole or Cut in the said Roads; or to do any other Act or Deed whatever, whereby any of the Roads in the said County of Edinburgh, or any of the Streets of the Burghs, Towns, or Villages therein, may be Unneceflanly injured or obstructed; and every Person offending in any of the above-mentioned Particulars shall be liable to pay the whole Damage sustained by the Trustees, and to remove the Nuisance, and to desist from the Encroachment; and shall also for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Fine not under Ten Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, with full Costs of Suit.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person Evasion of to evade or to attempt to evade Payment of the Tolls and Duties, or any Tolls pre-Part tr.ereof by parting throoghany private Road,or through any Grounds, vented* whether open or inclosed, or by fording any River near to the said Turnpikes,

(unless such private Road, such Grounds, or such River be the exclusive Property of the Person so travelling or fording the fame, or the common and ordinary Access to his Residence,or from one Part of his Lands to another),

or by taking off any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, or other Beast of Draught, from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, or by leaving in any Hotife or Place without the Toll-bar any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, or any Horse or other Cattle, and then parting through the said Toll-bar on Foot or otherwise, or by disposing of any Pass-ticket, or by using any such Ticket not truly and bend fide obtained by the Person availing himself of the fame,

I [Loc. £>? Per.) 7 / or

586

Toll gatherer* regulated.

Travelling

regulated.

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

or by fabricating any Pass-ticket, or by laying Claim to any Exemption not justly and truly due; neither shall it be lawful for any Person directly or indirectly to aid and assist, or knowingly to permit any Person so to evade or attempt to evade Payment of the Toll Duties , and every Person or Persons so offending, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay a Fine not under Ten Shillings and not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, besides the Money of which the Trustees or their Tacklman have been defrauded, and full Costs of Suit.

XL. And be it enacted.That it shall not be lawful for any Tacksman of the Tolls, or Toll-gatherer, or other Person employed to collect any of the Tolls or Duties, to take or receive, directly or indirectly, any Idler or other Tolls and Duties than what are appointed to be levied and exacted by this and the before-recited Acts, unless where a General Meeting of Trustees shall have authorized any of the Tolls and Duties to be lessened; or to fell Ale, Spirits, or Articles of any Kind within any of the Toll-houses, or in any other House, or at any Place within a Quarter of a Mile of any Turnpike-gate, unless in so far as he shall be expressly authorized so to do, by Warrant of a General Meeting of Trustees, or to absent himfdf from the Turnpike-gate, so as to occasion Delay or Inconvenience to Travellers; or to refuse, when required by any Person passing through the Turnpike Gate, to shew his Warrant of Collection; and every Person offending in any of the Particulars aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Fine not under Ten Shillings nor exceeding Forty Shillings besides full Costs of Suit.

XLI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Cliaife Driver to fit in his Chaise, or for any Carter or the Driver of any other Carriage of the like Kind to ride upon his Cart or other Carriage, while passing through the Streets of any City, Town, or Village in the said County, or upon any Highway within the Toll Bars next adjoining to the said City oi Edinburgh; and every Chaise Driver fitting in his Chaise beyond the above Limits shall resume his proper Station, and every Carter riding upon his Cart or Carriage beyond the said Limits shall dismount, when either of them shall be thereto required by any Person, apprehending Danger; provided always that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Coach, Chaise, Phaeton, Curricle, Chair, or other Carriage usually driven by a Person fitting within or upon the Carriage; neither shall it be lawful for any Person to take Charge of more than Two Single Horse Carts, or of more than One other Carriage, or for the Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, or of any Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Draught, to drive or permit the same to travel or pass upon any Part of the Roads within the County of Edinburgh, abreast or alongside of any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, or of any Horie, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Draught, but all such Carts and Carriages and Beasts of Draught above described, going in the fame Di-redtion, shall drive in a Line, with a Bridle or Halter affixed to the Head of each Horse or other Bead of Draught, and in the Hand of the Driver j and all such Drivers upon meeting any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaile, or other Carriage, loaded or unloaded, or any Person travelling on Horseback or with a loaded Horse, shall give way by

holding

5«7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

holding or driving to his own left Hand, or what is commonly called the near Side-, and all Coaches, Chaises, or other Carriages of the like Kind travelling for Hire, and all Waggons, Wains, and Carts of every Description within the County of Edinburgh,

shall have the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner painted in legible Characters upon some conspicuous Part of the Carriage, Waggon, Wain, or Cart; and every Person offending in any of the Particulars immediately above Specified shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Fine not under Ten Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, besides the full Costs of Suit.

XLII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases under this Act or the before-recited Acts, where no Provision is made to the contrary, any Person offending may, without any Warrant or Peace Officer, be apprehended by the Person injured or intending to inform or prosecute, with such Aid as he can procure, and be by him or them carried before the next Justice of the Peace, who is hereby required to deal with such Offender as is herein-before dirrded; and the Horses, Carts, or Carriages of such Offender may be seized and detained till the Penalties shall be paid; and in all other Cases any Person or Persons whatever, knowing of any Offence committed against this Act, may lodge Information thereof with the Procurator Fiscal of the County of Edinburgh, who is hereby required, as he shall be answerable, to prefer a Summary Complaint to any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, or to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute thereof; and either the said Justice or Justices, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, may thereupon proceed against the Offender or Offenders in a summary Way, but with Liberty never-thelels to any Person conceiving himself to be aggrieved by the Sentence of such Justice or Justices, to appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, but not afterwards; and in all Cases the said Justice or Justices, and the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, may convict upon the Confession of the Offender, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses -, and in case the Fine be not in-stantly paid, the Offender may be committed to any Jail, or to the Bridewell or House of Correction, till Payment, or failing thereof, until the Expiration of any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months from the Day of Commitment, or the Goods and Chattels of the Offender may be distrained and sold by Warrant of the said Justice or Justices, or of the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, for Payment of the Sums awarded, and the Persons so distraining are hereby authorized to fell the Goods or Chattels so distrained, and to return the Overplus to the Owner, after the reasonable Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling have been first deducted.

XLIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no Pro-Limitation fecution shall lie against any Person for any Offence or Malversation com- of Actions. mitted against or under this or the before-recited Acts, unless the fame be brought within Three Calendar Months after the Trespass committed.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That all Penalties which may be recovered Application under this or any of the before-recited Acts, shall be applied in Manner of Penaltiei. following, videlicet, When such Penalties are awarded for evading the Tolls, the One Half thereof shall belong to the Informer, and the other Half to the Trustees of the District, to be applied to the Roads

588 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Roads therein, or to the Tacksman of the Toll-bar affected by such Evasion; and all other Penalties shall belong, the One Half to the Informer as aforesaid, and the other Half may be disposed of according to the Discretion of the Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, before whom the Offender shall be convicted.

jarifdiflion

XLV. And be it enacted, That the Sheriffs Depute and Substitute, and of the Juf- the Justices of the Peace, although they should be also Trustees, may Sheriff"1 nevertheless act and judge in all Cases brought before them respectively, under this and the said recited Acts, unless they themselves be personally interested in the Subject- of the Suit; and in all Cases the Decisions of the Sheriffs Depute or Substitute, or of the Justice or Justices of the Peace so abling respectively, shall be final and conclusive, and not subject to the Review of any other or superior Court, by Advocation, Suspension, Reduction, Appeal, or otherwise howsoever, saving and reserving always the Right of Appeal from One or more Justice or Justices to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace so often as such Appeal is permitted by this or the said recited Acts.

Trustees*ma

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That where it is not otherwise pro-sue^nd'd!:-*5' v’ded, the Trustees may sue and be fuedfor any Matter in pursuance of this /end. Act, or of any of the before-recited Acts, in Name of their general or principal Clerk for the Time being, and any of the Districts may foe and be sued in Name of their Convener, Clerk, or Cashier, all for the Time being; and no Action shall be discontinued or abated by the Death or Removal of any of these Officers.

W- rt..i thiv; J , > ...; ...... " O

Explanation

XLVII. And whereas by the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His as to Bridge present Majesty, the said Trustees were authorised to build a Bridge over t^e Water of Leith, at or near the Village of Bonninglon Mills, and to ton. mm"s~ make Communications thereto, but were restrained as to the Scite of the said Bridge, and the Mode of approaching it through the Property and Buildings of Bonnington Mills; and the said Act contained a Refer-vation in favour of the Proprietors of the said Mills and their Tenants, and of Persons thiiled to the said Mills: And whereas the said Trustees have now agreed with the Proprietors of Bonnington Mills, and have with his Consent proceeded to build the said Bridge, and to lay out the Approaches thereto in a Manner more convenient for the Public; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power to complete the said Bridge, and the necessary Communications thereto, in the Manner in which the same are now laid out; and that any Exemption from Payment of Toll on the Road betwixc Bonnington Mills and Leith, shall cease and be abolished, any Thing in the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

Former Acts

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the whole of the before-recited Acts, to remain in as well those which relate to the Turnpike Roads as those which relate to Force. tfoe Statute Labour of the County of Edinburgh, and all the Provisions therein contained, shall remain in full Force in every Respect, and shall be held to extend to every Thing to be acted or done under this present Act, except in so far as the said recited Acts are hereby altered, explained, or amended.

43° GEORGII III. Cup. 34. 589

XLIX. And whereas the Sum of Ten Shillings Scots, being Ten Pence Bridge Mo-Sterling, upon ea<di One Hundred Pounds’ Scots of valued Rent, levied in nt7 may be the Name of Bridge-Money, under the Authority of an Act of the Par- au2mented-liament of Scotland passed in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-nine, is now found to be inefficient and inadequate; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Freeholders and Heritors of the County of Edinburgh, to ftent or afiefs the Heritors of the said County from Time to Time, as they may fee Cause, in any Sum, not to exceed in the Whole Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling yearly upon each One Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, to be levied and applied as the old Assessment might be levied and applied.

L. And be it enacted, That the reasonable Charges and Expences paid, Expence of or that shall be paid, in, about, or by reason of the passing of this Act,'the Aa shall be defrayed in the same Manner as the Expence of the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty was paid and defrayed.

LI. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be taken public Act. and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

"'S-i'J >.*

A taiKtesoiA jnfuil od r

!hr ;. I i-rt I

[Lee. ft? Per.']

till/

7 K

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

03 liflOOl

'! dl;i .7

SCHEDULE of Nellies of Proprietors to which this Act rtffers.

'-.i. 'v vopaben. tiiii in’iuu

Heirs-of William Frafer, Tinsmith.

John Cockburn Ross, Esquire.

The Trustees of George Tie riot’s Hospital.

William Mortfop, Writer, anti the Trusteefor his Creditors.*

James Walker, Esquire.

Alexander Stewart.

Mr. Home Rigg of Morton.

John Robertson.

The Trustees for WatfPn’s Hospital.

Willipm Murray of Henderland.

:i spin

b r ricd's

nr.voD T oil

afH ni tb.^H DA bio

T},:

Mrs. MaCgill.

The Heirs of Dr. Hope.

Mr. Lindsay’s Heirs.

James Reid.

Major Cochrane.

Mr. Benjamifi Bell, Surgeon.

Mr. Home’s Heirs.

Walter Little Gilmour of Craigmiller, Esquire.

Alexander Allan, Esquire.

The Trustees of George Heriot’s Hospital.

James Marshall, Writer to the Signet.

The Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Edinburgh. The Trustees of Alfton.

Thomas Greig, Baker.

Hannay, Labourer.

White, Mason.

Clark, Labourer.

Dick, Labourer.

Mr. Baron Norton.

Mrs. Ross.

Earl of Moray.

Brown, Gardener.

Mefirs Eagle and Co. and Henderson.

Mr. Milne, Smith.

The Trustees for the Orphan’s Hospital.

The Minister of the Parish of South Leith,

John Johnston, Wright.

Louis Cauvin, Esquire.

Mrs. Kyle.

The Rev11. David Dickson.

Mills Brand.

Smith.

Strange.

Francis Braidwood.

Joftah Maxton.

Straton.

Mrs. Ferrier.

Miss Hutton.

A.J

rfj lb

d

10 AA

1.7

-lilt IB

ajl&ul

10 j rail j

Miss

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 531

Miss Dunbar.

The Feirs of Hugh Bell.

General Fletcher Campbell.

His Grace the Duke of Hamilton.

The Earl of Haddington.

John Learmonth.

James Clarke.

Robert Playfair.

Millar, Gardener.

Hardie, Brewer.

Mrs. Archer.

Mrs. Duncan.

James Liddell, Carver and Gilder.

Colonel Andrew Lyon.

Commissioner Thomas Wharton.

James Clerk Esquire.

William Laurie.

Joseph Archibald.

Earl of Wemyfs for the Scite of his Coach-House and Stable3 only.

John Borthwick of Crookfton.

Thomas Hog of Newlifton.

William Cunningham, Jeweller.

Borthwick.

Adam Kier.

Andrew Laurie.

Dick.

Bonnar.

James Grieve.

James Davidson.

Mrs. Hamilton.

Mrs. Melville.

Heirs of James Scott.

Thomas Brown.

John Linton. ,

Andrew Wylie.

William Tod.

James Boate.

James Wood.

Mrs. Moffman.

James Niven.

John Mitchell.

Thomas Sievright of Meggetknd.

Dalzicl.

Mrs. Tweedie.

John Ferguffon.

Mrs. Weir at Drumfheugh and her Son residing with her.

Peter Cunningham.

Robeit Wilson.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s iticft Excellent Majesty. 1 Voj.

fi ^'

' -

' Vi ... i

; 1

I'iUj i ( ;/.'

I; i-

»!CF . \K

ycqWM f jfUii’

V; UJ .‘ 'it*

V.

Jr\!M!*U} ."Jiwfytaj* 1

H^'Oi t- . ’ t

KVfcfiVtff.* "i *;!a ( }cn TOCJ '

"Jr* jt y If

j-fe’/-

jjy J iji’

Vi'-*' V

' v*

f . 1; 'I'!;

1 ;£

Hi C ‘ I »« r£ H >T

, I.i* ( .‘ alHn r’BFTC

' :-c cfokc,ii nv

v a 1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 35.

An Adfc for making and maintaining a Railway from or from near a Place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, to or near to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, with aCollateral Branch from the said Railway, at or near a Place called Merjlham, in the Parish of Merjlham, to or near to a Place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Railway for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages, from or from near a Place called Piilake Meadow in the Town of Croydon, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, to or near to a Place called Reigate, in the Parish of Reigate, in the said County; and also a Collateral Branch from the said Railway, at or near a Place called Merjlham, in the Parish of Mers.ham, to or near to a Place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey, will be of very great Advantage to several considerable Manufactories established in the Neighbourhood, and to the Inhabitants of many Towns and Places, and of a very populous Country lying on or near to the Line of the said intended Railway, by opening a cheap and easy Communication for the [Loc. & Per.] ‘ 7 L Conveyance

59+

Proprietor*.

Incorporated.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Conveyance of Coals, Corn, and aft' Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to and from the Metropolis, and other Places, and likewise will be of great publick Utility: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are desirous at their own Costs and Charges to make and maintain, the said intended Railway and other Works; but cannot eflect the fame without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Robert Barrlay Baronet, Sir John Lade Baronet, George Tritton, Benjamin Goldsmid, Abraham Goldjmtd, John Hilbert, William Dent, William Edwards junior, James Phillip Thomas Hall, Charles Morris, Janies Perry, John Barnes, Richard Glover, Samuel Tates, James Tate, George Day, Edward Knight, Richard Shepley, Asher Goldsmid, Isaac Lyon Goldsmid, Moses Zuntz, Thomas Homer, Thomas Nixon, J A _ Clarke, Richard Nixon, William Nanfon, Robert Cooper, John Bcwdert, Jeremiah Lear, William Winbolt, James Smithfair, John Hibbert, William Anderson, Robert Spankie, Robert Marshall, Thomas Bush, Robert Makepeace, Benjamin Paterson, William Hayward, Charles Barker, John Plowman, Nathaniel Robarts, Robert Spanbill, John Day, John Leach, Robert Barclay senior, Charles Barclay, John Gotobed, Robert Were, Edmund Cobb Blurry, Francis Gojling, Robert Barclay junior, James Carey, Joseph Hibbert, Joftas Jeffbp, Thomas Reynolds, Jacob Fofter Reynolds, Timothy Curtis, Thomas M Ghie, Hylton Jolliffe, John Moore, Charles Birkhead, John Dingwall, John Henton Tritton, Charles Picfcbell, James Brogden, T Winter, Samuel Aydon, Walter Powtll, Henry Heart,

Esquires, the Reverend Richard Valpy, the Reverend William John Jolliffe, and their several and respective Succefib.rs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be, and are hereby united into a Company for making, completing, and maintaining the said Railway and other Works, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after m.ntioned; and shall for that Purpose be One Body Corporate, by the Name and . Stile of The Croydon, Mcrjlham, and Godstone Iron Railway Company, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and (halt have a Conimon Seal, and by that Name may sue and be sued; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority, from and after the passing of this Act, and at all Times thereafter, to ptirchafe and hold Lands and Hereditaments to them, and their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking and Works, and also to fell or dil-pole of the said Lands and Hereditaments again, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain; and the said Company shall be, and are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make, complete, and maintain, and from Time to Time to alter a Railway, to be called The Croydon, Merftham, and Godstone Iron Railway palfable for Waggons and other Carnages, constructed as herein-after mentioned, from or from near a Place called Pitlake Meadow, in the Town of Croydon, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, to or near to a Place called Reigale, in the Parish of Reigate; through the said Parish of Cray Ion, and into and t hr ugh the several Parities of Bedding ton, Coulfdon, Chipjled, Merftham, Blttchingly, Nutfield, Gallon, and Reigate aforesaid; and also a Collateral Branch from the said Railway at or near a Place called Merftham, in the Parish of Merftham,

595

43° GEORGII IIll Cap. 35,

thatn. In, to, and through the several Parishes of Merjlham, Char Hon, Nutjidd, BUtchingly, and Godstone, to or near to a Place called Godjlcne Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey; and for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, ind Workmen, ire Hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, and to survey and take Levels of the fame, or any Part thereof, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for making or altering the said Railway, and all such other Works, Matters, and Conveniences, as they shall think proper and necessary for making, effecting, preserving, improving, completing, maintaining, and using the fame; and a!so to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, remove, take, carry away, lay, use, and manufacture any Earth, Clay, Stone, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making the said Railway, or other Works, or out of the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or being convenient or contiguous thereto, and which may be proper, requisite, or necessary, for making, carrying on, continuing, maintaining, altering, or repairing the said Railway and other Works, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct the making, using, or completing, altering, extending, or maintaining the fame respectively, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and also to make, build, erect, and set up in, over, under, or upon the said Railway and other Works, or upon the Lands adjoining or near to the fame, such and l'o many Bridges, Piers, Arches, Tunnels, aqueducts, Sluices, Floodgates, Weirs, Pens for Water, Wharfs, Houses, Warehouses, Toll-houses. Landing Places, Weigh Beams, Cranes, or other Machines and other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniencies, as and where the said Company shall think necessary and* convenient for the Purposes of the said Undertaking; and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend or discontinue the fame, and to make, divert, alter, widen, enlarge, and extend any Ways, Road's, Passages, or other Works or Convenienties, as well for carrying and conveying of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Articles, to and from the said Railway and other Works, as for the carrying and conveying of all Manner of Materials necessary for the making, erecting, finishing, altering, repairing, maintaining, amending, widening, or enlarging the Railway and other Works hereby authorized to be made, or which may be useful for any the Purposes thereof; and also to place, lay, work, or manufacture the said Materials on the Lands or Grounds near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall be or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done; and also to make, set out, and appoint such Roads and Ways convenient for haling or drawing of Waggons and other Carriages passing upon the said Railway, with Men, Horses, or otherwise, and proper Places for Waggons and other Carriages to turn, lie, or pal's each other, as they the said Company shall think convenient; and to construct, erect, make, and do all other Matters and Things which they shall think convenient or necessary for the making, effecting, altering, preserving, improving, completing, and using of the said Railway and other Works, to be made or conltrudled in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, they the said Company, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little

Damage

Powers.

iL

596

House* and Gardens not to be injured, except such as are mentioned, etc

If old Roads destroyed, new Ones to be made.

Plan and Book of Reference to be authenticated by the Speaker of the House of Commons-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making full Satisfaction, in Manner herein-after mentioned, to the Owners and Proprietors of, and all Persons interested in any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be taken, used, removed, diverted, or prejudiced, for all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, subject nevertheless to such Provisoes and Restrictions as herein-after mentioned and contained: Provided always, that where the said Railway shall cross any Turnpike Roads or publick Highways, the Ledge or Flank of the Railway, for the Purpose of guiding the Wheels of the Carriages, shall not exceed One Inch in Height above the Level of the Road.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for the Purposes of the said Railway, or other Works, or any other of the Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building which was erected or built at or before the passing of this Act, or any Land or Ground which was then fee apart and used as or for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and Persons interested therein respectively, other than and except those particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, which are meant and intended to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, and which are respectively meant and intended to be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, and which it shall be lawful for the said Company to take and pass through, and make Use of far the Purposes of the said Undertaking, the said Company making Satisfaction to the several Owners and Persons interested in such Hereditaments and Premises respectively for the fame, and for the Damages they shall respectively sustain thereby; the same to be ascertained in like Manner as by this Act is directed with respect to other Hereditaments to be taken or used by the said Company of Proprietors.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall be found necessary by the said Company of Proprietors to make or cut through any Carriage or Horse Road, be the fame.publick or private, or so much injure the fame, as to render it impassable or inconvenient for Carriages or Horses, or the Persons entitled to the Use and Benefit thereof, the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their own Expence, before any such Road shall be taken, cut through, or injured as aforesaid, cause a good and sufficient Carriage or Horse Road fas the Case may be) to be fee out and made instead thereof, and shall put, or cause to be put, the lame in good and sufficient Repair and Condition.

IV. And whereas a Survey has been taken to ascertain the Practicability of making the said intended Railway, and other Works, and a Map or Plan, with a proper Book of Reference thereto, has been made in consequence thereof j be it therefore further enacted, That there shall be

Two

597

43° GEORGI! III. Cap. 35,

Two Parts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference thereto* which shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, and severally deposited, One with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey, and the other with the Clerk of the said Railway Company, to either of which Maps, Plans, and Books of Reference, all Persons shall have Liberty to resort, and to examine or make Extracts from or Copies of the fame, as Occasion shall require, paying to the said respective Clerks for Copies of or Extracts from the said Books of Reference, after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words; and either of the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law or elsewhere; and the Cletk for the Time being to the said Company, upon Twenty-one Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall, and is hereby required from Time to Time to produce the Map or Plan and Book of Reference to be so deposited with him as aforesaid, before the Commissioners here-in-after mentioned, or any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fame may be then and there given in Evidence, such Clerk having a reasonable Sum of Money allowed for his travelling Expences, Absence from Home, and Attendance on such Occasions.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- Power to de-pany of Proprietors in making the said intended Railway to deviate from yjrdsMoni the Couife or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, in or near the the Line laid Town of Croydon, not exceeding One hundred and fifty Yards to the latl‘e South-west of the said Town, with the Consent of the Proprietors, and fee forth in the said Book of Reference, not exceeding One hundred and fifty Yards; and to cur, carry, or convey the lame Railway into, through, across, under, or over any Part or Parts of the several Effaces, Lands, or Grounds, now or late belonging to, or reputed to belong to, the said several and respective Persons named ordeferibed in the said Book of Reference, within the like Distance of One hundred and fifty Yards, and no more, from lueh Part or Parts as are mentioned in the said Book of Reference in that Behalf, without the Approbation and Consent in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons to whom such Estates, Lands, or Grounds do or shall respectively belong: Provided always, that such and the like Rates, upon the said Railway as are herein-before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Variation or Deviation as aforesaid, be paid to the said Company, and with the like Powers, and subject to the fame Restrictions, Provisions, and Regulations as are herein-before mentioned and provided in respect to the Course delineated in the said Map or Plan, and let forth in the said Book of Reference.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, Land Owners That the said Company of Proprietors may make the said Railway into, BookofRe-through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons ferencenotto whomsoever, whole Name or Names shall appear to the Satisfaction of °,gft th^RaiU the said Commissioners, and be by them certified under their Hands to be »ay! tic. by Mistake omitted in the said Book of Reference, or that instead thereof the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons to whom such last mentioned Lands or Grounds do not belong have or hath been by Mistake inserted therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[_Loc. & Pfr.J 7 M

59» 43° GEORGII UD Cap. 35,

Breadth of the La »d to *v; taken for the Railway.

Railway to pass over the Ettate of Mark Wood Esquire, under certain Conditions.

Owner of the said Estate to be afielied and pay all Taxes, etc.

Breadth of Railway over the said Estate, etc.

If Railway not completed in Two Years, Owner of the Land to re-pollrB the lame.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds to be taken or uled for the making and tiling of the said Railway shall not exceed Sixty Yards in Breadth, exetpt in such Places where it shall be judged necessary for Waggons or other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other; orwheieany Warehouses, Cranes, or Weigh Beams may be erected; or where any Places may be fee out or appropriated for the Reception or Delivery of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be conveyed on the said Railway, and not above Eighty Yards in Breadth in any Place, without the Conicnt of the Owners of the Lands or Hereditaments adjoining to the said Railway.

VIII. Whereas it having been found necessary for the better conducing of the said Railway, that it should pass through a small Part of the Parish and Estate of Gatton, as is described or delineated by the Plan, to be at or near Mr. Avery's Farm at Batik Bridge, and the Owr.er of the said Parish and Estate, being desirous to give every Facility to the said Undertaking; be it therefore enacted, That the said Railway, shall pass over that Part of the Estate and Parish of Gatton so described, gratuitously and without any Rent or Recompence whatever for such Permission, so long as the present Railway Corporation, or Company shall continue, cr that the said Railway shall continue to be used as a Railway, but for no other Purpose whatever.

IX. And be it also enacted, That the Owner of the said Parish and Estate shall continue to be assessed to, and to pay all Parliamentary or Parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments for and in respeift of the Land occupied by the said Railway, the said Land continuing to be in every respect Part of the Estate of Gatton, as if this Right of Railway had never been granted.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Breadth of such Railway shall not exceed Twenty-four Feet, excepting what may be required for a Base of an Embankment so far as it may extend, and at the Expence of the Railway Company, be fenced off with a strong close Oak Paling Six Feet in Height with a Gate at each End, to be kept in good Condition and Repair by the said Railway Company; the Key of such Gates to be kept by the Owner of the Gatton Estate, who, for the Purpose of afierting or keeping up his Rights, shall be infilled One Hour in every Year to lock such Gates: Also that no Buildings of any Description shall ever be erected upon or over the Land of the Gpttcn Estate by the said Railway Company across which the present Right of Railway is meant to be granted, nor over or upon any other Part of the said Estate without the express Granc or Permission of the Owner of the said Estate, in Writing under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the said Railway shall be dilufed, or by Neglect or other Means be rendered or become impassable for a Period of Two Years, in such Case the Owner of the Parish and Estate of Gatton, shall be and is hereby empowered to resume the Right of Railway now granted, and to rC.possess and to occupy the Land meantto be fetoff and allotted for a Railway, in the full.ft Manner as if the present Act had never passed or been carried into Effect.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the said Company of Proprietors to make the said Railway through a certain Close or Piece of Ground, commonly called or known by the Name of Scarbrook Mead, belonging to and in the Occupation of William Chatfield, and fuuate near Scarbrook Lane in the Parish of Croydon in the said County of Surrey.

XIII. Provided always, and bi it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Company of Proprietors, to make or carry the said intended Railway into the inclosed or cultivated Lands or Grounds of William Parker llamond Esquire, nor before the House and Premises in the Occupation of John Baralty F.squire, on the West Side of the Turnpike Road leading from London to Godfione, between the Turnpike Gate at Croydon aforesaid, and a certain Point of-pofite the Road leading to Sand&Jlead, marked or numbered 16 a on the Map or Plan herein directed to be deposited with the Clerk of the P.ace lor the said County of Surrey, and described in the Book of Reference, as a Field called the Twenty Acres, but more commonly called the Little Ranges, lyirg in the Parish of Croydon aforesaid, the Property, and in the Occupation of the said William Parker Hamond; or to enter in or upon the Lands or Grounds lying on the West Side of the Points aforesaid, for any Purpose whatsoever, save and except for the Distance of Thirty-five Feet, at the North End of the said Field called the Twenty Acres or Little Ranges, and not exceeding Two hundred and ten Feet at the South End thereof, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, Ih.ill be set out and al'certained for making the said Railway and other Works, or any Part or Parts thereof, and ror providing and constructing the Wharfs, and other Works and Conveniencies herein-before authorized to be made, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggiegate or Sole, Tenants in Tail, or lor Life, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on the Behalf of their Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunaricks, Ideots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of, orinterested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interests therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, or are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be so set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the said Company: And if it shall happen, that by making the said Railway, the Property of any Land Owner or Land Owners shall be separated into final I Parcels, or so aft'eded as to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, it dial I be lawful for such Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all and every such other Person and Persons so entitled or interested as aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, to be testified by Writing under their Hands, although they may not be

asembled

599

The Railway not to pals through Si ar brook Mead*

Railway not to pass over certain Grounds belonging to William Par hr Hamond, Efi|.

BodiesPoliiick, &V. empowered 10 sell and convey Lands.

6oo

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

assembled at any Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of this Act, to contract for, fell, and dispose of, or to convey in Exchange for other Lands or Hereditaments, all or any Part of such Land or Hereditament, so separated or affected as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Consideration in Money, or other Equivalent, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable; and that all such Contradh, Agreement.', Sales, Exchanges, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be.valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons herein-before capacitated to convey Lands or Hereditaments, whomsoever, so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and all such Contradb, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, Exchanges, and Assurances, (other than those which concern any Purchase or Exchange between any such respective Land Owners), so to be made as aforesaid, shall be made at the Experce of the said Company; and such of them as shall be made of any Lands or other Hereditaments to the said Company, shall be made according to the following Forms; (videlicet),

Form of Con- c vevance to ihe c Company.

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

to me paid [or, in Consideration of the annual Rent of to me to be hereafter yielded

and paid]] by the Croydon, Merjlkam, and Gedstone Iren Railway Company, do hereby grant and reltalc to the said Company all []describing the Premises to be conveyed'], and all my Right, Title, and Interest, in and to the fame, and every P.rt thereof, to hold to the said Company for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled [here set Jonh the Title of this All], In Witness whereof I have hereunto let my Hand and Seal, the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And which said Conveyance shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company, who shall, from Time to Time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, and shall have and receive the Sum of Sixpence per Sheet for every such attested Copy, reckoning One hundred Words to every Sheet; and every such Conveyance as aforesaid, which shall be made to any Person or Persons other than the said Company, shall be according to the following Form; (videlicet),

I A.B. of do hereby, in Consideration of the

‘ Sum of to me in Hand paid by C. D.

« of at or before the Sealing and Delivery of these

« Presents, the Receipt whereof I do hereby acknowledge [or, in Exchange

for certain Lands fuuate conveyed to me by

C.D. by Writing under his Hand and Seal, bearing even Date here-‘ with], convey and assign to the said C.D. all [dejeribe the Premises], to

hold to the said C. D., his Heirs and Assigns for ever. AsWitnels my

‘ Hand and Seal, the Day of in the

Year of our Lord

And

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 601

And every such Conveyance shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, in making the Commons or said Railway, or other Works hereby authorized, or any Hoad or Roads

thereto respectively, there shall be Occasion to cut through, take, or use «t by t:.e any Part of any Commons or Wastes, the Conveyance of such Parts of j^‘r"fthe such Commons or Wastes by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordships in which the same are situate, to the said Company of Proprietors shall be a good and sufficient Conveyance thereof (without the Commoners or other Persons interested therein joining in such Conveyance); and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor or Manors respectively, are hereby authorized and required to make and execute such Conveyances accordingly, on the Receipt of his, her, or their Proportion or Porportions of the Purchase Money as herein-after mentioned, or on the fame being tendered to him, her, or them, subject to all the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions herein contained, with respect to the Payment ot other Monies for other Lands taken or used by the said Company; and the said Commissioners shall ascertain what Proportion of the Purchase Money shall be due to the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Copyholders, or other Persons interested in such Commons or Wastes, for his, her, or their Interest in such Lands, and such Proportion shall be thefeupon paid to him, her, or them, for his, her, or their own Use.

XVI. And whereas in order to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Act, company em-and ro avoid Disputes with the Owners of Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments which may be affected by making the said Railway and other onChieftten-s Works, the said Company of Proprietors may hereafter purchase Lands oraMolutely. and Buildings not necessary to be made Use of for the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and convey in Fee Farm, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Buildings as may be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, or as shall be so purchased by and conveyed to them as aforesaid, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Railway and Works, at and under such yearly Rents, and to be reserved or limited in such Manner as in such Conveyances shall be expressed; and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands and Premises as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streecs, Avenue or Avenues, Pafllage or Passages and that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal, to grant and convey by way of Absolute Sale, for a Consideration in Money, such Part or Parts of the Lands or Buildings as may be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, or as shall be so purchased by and conveyed to them as aforesaid, and as (bail not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Railway and Works; and also all or any Part or Parts of the annual Rents or yearly Sums which shall or may be reserved or limited to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or any Grantor Grants, to be by them made and granted; and that all such Purchases and Conveyances to the said Company of Proprietors, and all such Grants in Fee Farm,

[Loc. fc? Per.} 7 iV and

602

Satisfaction to be made.

Yearly Kents charged on the Rates.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

and Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietor?, shall be valid and effedua!; any Thing in this Act contained, or any other Law, Statute, or Cullom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of fitch Lands, Rents, or Premises, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the lame shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Hilcharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which Inch Lands, Rents, or Premises shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not aftrrwaids be answerable or accountable for any Lofles, Mtfapphcation, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands or Buildings, shall first offer to re-sell the same at the Price for which they were originally purchased to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have putchafed such Lands or Buildings; and in cale such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit to oe made and sworn before a Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Ciiaicery, or before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or Buildings shall lie, by some Person or Persons noway, interested in the said Lands or Buildings, Hating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that Inch Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused, by the Person or Persons to whom it w«s made, as the Calc may be.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Person or Persons herein-before capacitated to fell or convey Lands or oth^r Hereditaments, and any other Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments, through, in, or upon which the said Railway or other Works hereby authorized shall be made, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by making and completing the said Works, either in gross Sums, or by yearly Rents, as shall be agreed upon by and between the Parties interfiled respectively, or any of them, and the said Company; and in case the said Company, and the said Parties interested in i'uch Lands or other Hereditaments, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Commissioners hereby appointed, in such Manner, and subject to such Verdict of a Ju:y, if required, as is herein-after directed; and also such yearly or other certain Rents as shall be agreed upon between the said Company and the Parties interested in such Lands or other Hereditaments, or as shall be so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall be charged on the Rates arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid by the said Company, either yearly or half-yearly, as the same shall be agreed or ordered to become due and payable; anJ in case the lame shall not be paid within Thirty Days next after the same shall at any Time

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 603

Time so become due and payable, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, although not assembled at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby required by an Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Rates hereby granted and made payable, and to pay the same to the Person or Persons to whom the said Rents shall be due and unpaid as aforesaid, the said Commissioners taking such Security from every such Collector for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they shall judge proper and sufficient; and every Person so appointed shall be deemed a Collector of the said Rates, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting the fame, and to.receive and retain thereout a reasonable Satisfaction for his Trouble therein, as if he had been appointed a Collector of the said Rates by the said Company, until such Rents, with all Costsand Damages occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof shall be fully satisfied and paid; or it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom such Rents shall be due and owing as aforesaid, to sue for and recover the fame, with such Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or otherwise, to seize and distrain any Waggon or Carriage, or other Goods or Effects of the said Company, which shall be found upon the said Railway, or in or upon the Wharfs,

Quays, Warehouses, or other Works thereto belonging, (Information of such Distress beingim mediately given to the said Company, by Notice in Writing delivered to their Clerk, or One of the Collectors of the Rates, or affixed to some of their Premises, near to the Place where such Seizure was made) and to detain the fame until Payment of such Rents then due and owing, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Distress; and if such Distress shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after making the same, and Notice thereof given in Writing as aforesaid, then such Waggons, Carriages, or other Goods and Effects so distrairied, shall and may be sold or disposed of in such Manner as the Law directs in case of a Distress for Rent.

XVIII. And whereas Differences may arise between the said Company and Commirnon the several Owners of and Persons interested in the Lands and Here- u1Sfferenc«.l,£ ditaments, which shall or may be affected or prejudiced by the Execution of the Powers hereby granted, touching the Purchase Money to be paid, or Recompence to be made to them respectively; be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable William Russell, commonly called Lord William Russell, Sir John Frederick Baroner, Sir William Beaumarice Rtijlo Knight, Sir Matthew Bloxam Knight, "John Barcbard, John Foakes,

Rollert Bridges, John Bridges, W.lliam Pembroke, Thomas Fajjfett, Richard Dallett, John Watney, James Eaton, James Royer, Peter Wybrants Broadley,

Bryant Barr ait, William Mollefon, Robert Ilankey, Daniel Ponton, John Cormick, John Pooley Kensington, John ILodgJon, William Head, John Prior,

TyJon Chapman, Chat Us King, Samuel Long, George Taylor, George Lane,

William Neale, Samuel Farmer, Richard Carpenter Smith, Robert Lucas,

Thomas Evance, Gilbert Handafyde, William Wilkinjon, Henry Thornton,

Robert Thornton, Samuel Thornton, William Prescott, John Anthony Rucker,

Daniel Henry Rucker, Richard Bv.Jh the younger, Edward Tdnner Wotsfold,

John Moore, William Gee, William Northy, Edward Polhill, John Watson,

William Hollingjworlh, the Reverend----- Bullock, the Reverend-----

Gardner, the Reverend William Carter, tire Reverend - - Peach, Thomas

Dyke,

604.

Election of new Commissioners.

The Quarter Sessions empowered to nominate Commissioners in case the Survivors neglect, or a liimuent Number cannot be found in the Neighbourhood.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Dyke. William Fowler Jones, Robert Fishcr, and William Parker Hatntnd, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners for settling, determining, and adjusting all Questions, Matters, and Differences which shall or may arise between the said Company and the several Persons as aforesaid,

XIX. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; be it further enacted, That when any of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or to be eiefted in Manner herein mentioned, shall die or refuse to act, the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint any Perl'on in the Place of every Commissioner dying or refusing to act; and all such Commissioners so to be appointed shall, from the Time of their respective Appointments, have the like Authority, in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if they had been exprel'sly named Commissioners in and by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall at any Time neglect or refuse, upon any Vacancy, to appoint a new Commissioner, or that for Want of a proper Number of Commissioners in the Neighbourhood, it shall become difficult to procure a Meeting or Meetings for executing the Powers of this Act, or in case the Commissioners nominated in this Act, or hereafter to be eiefted under and by virtue thereof, shall be reduced to a less Number than Twenty, then and in any of the said Cases, ' it shall be lawful for the said Company, from Time to Time, to make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey , and the Justices to whom such Complaint shall be made, are hereby authorized to receive and hear the said Complaint, and upon due Proof thereof being made to them, to nominate and appoint such fit and proper Persons as they in their Discretion shall think fit-, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act , and the said Commissioners so nominated and appointed, shall from thenceforth have the like Powers and Authorities as if appointed by or under the immediate Authority of this Act.

Commission-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any of the said Commissioners, justices of the who are or shall be Justices of the Peace for the said County, shall and Peace. may, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act.

Qualification of Commissioners.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in any case in the Execution of this Act, during the Time of his holding any Place of Profit arising out of the Rates to be collected by virtue of this Act, or during the Time of his being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, or concerned or interested in any Contract or Bargain made or to be made for the Purposes of this Act, or in any Case where he shall be in anywise interested or concerned in the Matter in Question, nor unless he shall be seised in his own Right, or

in

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

in the Right of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee, at the Time of such his acting, of an Estate of Freehold or Copyhold of Inheritance, or both, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Sixty Pounds over and above all Reprizes, or unless he shall be possefled of, or entitled unto a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds, or unless he shall be eldest Son or Heir Apparent of a Peer, or of a Person qualified to serve in Parliament as a Knight of the Shire; nor shall any Person, (not being an Heir Apparent as aforesaid), aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, (otherwise than by giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Commissioners, and administering an Oath in the Words following, to the other Commissioners), until he shall have taken such Oath before any One or more of the said Commissioners, who is or are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear That I am truly and bond fide in the actual Possession ®ath*

and Enjoyment [or Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Sixty Pounds

above Reprizes, [or possessed of, or entitled to a Personal Estate to

the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds], and that I will,

without Favour or Affection, truly and impartially, according to the

belt of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform the Powers and ‘ Authorities vested in me as a Commissioner, by an Act made in the

Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled

[set forth the Title of this

'So help me GOD.’

Nor shall any Person being such Heir Apparent as aforesaid, aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, otherwise than by giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Commissioners, and administering such herein-before or herein-after mentioned Oath, as the Case may require, to the other Commissioners until he shall have taken or made the Oath following, before any One or more of the said Commissioners, who is or are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; (that is to say),

t A.B. do swear that I will without Favour or Affection, &c.’ [rtr

* in the former C.afe.)

And the Clerk of the said Company shall be present when such Oath shall be taken or made by any Commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and an Entry or Memorandum of such Oath being taken or made by the Commissioner, shall be made by and certified under the Eland of such Clerk, which Certificate shall be deemed sufficient Evidence of such Oath having been taken or made, in all Courts whatsoever; and it any Person by this Act declared incapable to act as a Commissioner, shall nevertheless prefurne to act as such in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Essoign, Proieftion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and such Perlqp so prosecuted shall piove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the [Loo. fs5 Per.^ 7 0 Parc

6o6

Notice of

Commissioners Meetings to be given.

On Application of the Proprietors or Land Owners Commissioner* to meet.

Power to hold

occasional

Meetings.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Part of the Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting whatsoever of the said Commissioners shall at any Time or Times be had for putting in Execution any of the Powers or Authorities vested in them by this Act, unless previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given and inferred in some Newspaper or News apers circulated in the said County of Surrey, at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting; and that every Meeting of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act shall be publick; and that no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the said Commissioners, or any of them, in the Execution of this Act (except in such Cases as are hereby otherwise directed) shall be valid, unless the same shall be made or done at a Meeting to be held in pursuance cf this Act; and that all Powers and Authorities by this Act given to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by a Majority of the Commissioners present at every such Meeting, such Meeting on all Occasions not to conftll of less than Five Commissioners.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Application in Writing being made by the said Company, or any Five or more of them, or by the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or Hereditaments to be taken for or affected by the said Railway or any of the Works necessary or relating thereto, or any of them requelling or desiring them to appoint a General Meeting of the Commissioners, the Commissioners lo applied to, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, witntu Fourteen Days after such Request or Application made to give Notice in Manner aforesaid of a General Meeting, to be held at such Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice, such Time not being Ids than Fourteen Days, nor more than Twenty-eight Days, from the Day on which such Request shall be made to them as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to aflcm-ble at the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put this Act, and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in them in Execution, and shall then adjourn themselves, and aiterwards meet at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners there assembled shall thinic proper or convenient; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting which shall be appointed to be had or held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to any other Time, then and from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall and may, by Notice to be given in Manner aforesaid, appoint the Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting or the said Commissioners was appointed to be held, on that Day Fortnight after the Day on which the said last Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, although they shall not be assembled at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time, and at all Times, upon such Request made as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing,

signed

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 607

signed by them and published in Manner aforesaid, to summon a Meeting of the said Commissioners, at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, for the settling and ascertaining such Damages as are herein directed to be settled and ascertained, and for other Purposes, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjournrnent of the said Commissioners.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings ^"'ntefed of the said Commissioners, shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to in a Book, be kept for that Purpose, such Book or Books to be opened at all season-

able Times to the Inipeftion of any Person interested in the said Proceedings, or his or her Agent or Solicitor, and desirous of seeing and examining the fame without Fee or Reward; and such Entries being signed by such Number of the said Commissioners respectively as are empowered by this Act to make such Orders, or carry on such Proceedings, shall be deemed Originals; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the said Commissioners may, and jheir and are hereby required, at their First Meeting to appoint out of Three appointed* Persons to be appointed by the said Company, such One of the said Three Persons as the said Commissioners shall think proper to be their Clerk, and from Time to Time may remove any such Person; and on such Removal, or in case any such Clerk shall die, or quit the said Employment, the said Company, or their Committee for the Time being* shall, within the Space of One Calendar Month after Notice in Writing for that Purpose to be given by the said Commissioners, nominate Three other Persons, and give Notice thereof unto the said Commissioners from whom such Notice in Writing was received; and the said Commiihoners shall and may appoint such One of the said Three last named Persons as they shall think proper, to be their Clerk; and in like Manner a Clerk to the said Commissioners shall be from Time to Time nominated and appointed as Occasion shall require; and such Clerk shall be paid for his Care, Expences, and Trouble in the Execution of his Office by the said Company, and such Clerk who shall be removed, or die, or quit the Service as aforesaid, his Executors or Administrators, shall, within Two Calendar Months after Notice in Writing to him cr them respectively given by the said Commissioners, produce and deliver up to such Commissioners all Bocks, Accounts, Papers, or Writings whatsoever, relating to the Execution of his Office, which shall be in his Custody cr Power; and every such Person neglecting or refusing to produce and deliver up such Books, Accounts,

Papers, or Writings after such Notice as aforesaid, shall, for every such Neglect or Rrfulal, respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered with full Colts of Suir in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners acting Commission. in any Question, Matter, or Ditference, which shall or may aril'e, are here- Dmlrence*. by authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands, with the Consent of the Parties concerned, to determine and ad just, from Time to Time, what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the Lid

Company

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Company, either by an annual Rent or Payment, or by a Sum of Money in Gross, to and at the Election of the Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons respectively, who Shall be so entitled or interested as aforesaid, for the absolure Purchase of the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be set out and ascertained for making the Paid Railway, and other Works and Conve-nierci.es, or any Part thereof, and other the Purposes of this Act, and also to determine and adjust what other distinct Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Company as a Recompence for any Damages which mayor shall at any Time or Times whatsoever be sustained by such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or.Collegiate, or other Person or Persons respectively, being Owners of and interested in any Lands or Hereditaments by Reason or Means of the Execution of any of the Poweis herein contained by the said Company, or by their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or for any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, for which a Recompence or Satisfaction is by this Act directed to be made, in case such Price or Value, Damages and Recompence respectively, cannot be finally and conclusively settled, adjusted, and agreed for, by and between the said Company or their Agents, and such Proprietors of and Persons interdled in the said Lands and Hereditaments as aforesaid, which Determination of the said Commissioners, when once perfected and effec-\uated by the Affentand Execution of the Parties authorized, interested, and entitled as aforesaid, and every Thing executed, done, received, allowed, and transacted in Conformity thereto, and in pursuance thereof, by the Parties aforesaid, shall be conclusive and binding upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding, and if the said Company, for and on the Part and Behalf of themselves, or any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, for and on his, her, or their Part or Parts, shall refuse to submit any such Matter to the Determination of the said Commissioners, or shall be dissatisfied With any Determination which shall be by them made as aforesaid; or if any such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested or entitled as aforesaid, shall refuse to receive, upon due Tender thereof made, such Purchase Money or annual Rent, or such Recompence as shall be determined to be paid, or shall, upon Notice in Wrirng given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands or Hereditaments, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Inch Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability, by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or'make such Agreement as shall be convenient for promoting the said Undertaking, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises which they are or shall be in Possession of, or to the Inteicft: which they claim therein, then and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to issue a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals to the Sheriff of the said County of Surrey j and in case the said

Sheriff

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 609

Sheriff or his Under-Sheriff; shall happen to be One of the said Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office of Trust or Profit under them, or shall be otherwise incerested in the Matters in Question, then to home One of the Coroners of the said County, not interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner respectively to impannel, summon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff or Cotontr is accordingly hereby required to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for the Trials and Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Westm'tnjler, to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, not being less than Nine nor more than Twenty-one Days after such Warrant or Warrants shall be served upon the said Sheriff or Coroner-, and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff or Coroner, or their Deputies respectively, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Sranders-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service (being so qualified as aforesaid), to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to summon and call before them all and every such Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witness oi Witnesses touching the Matters in Question, either by or before them the said Commissioners, or by or before any Jury or Juries as aforesaid, as the Case maybe; and the said Commissioners may order and authorize the said Com"(,fl^in Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or lronWitnessVs Matters in Controversy, which Jury up: n their Oaths (which Oaths, as and examine well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to thtm on °at give Evidence, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) shall esquire of, affel’s, and ascertain the Sum of Money or annual Rent to be paid for such Lands or Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages, that may or shall be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame, and the said Commissioners shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies, Rent, or Recompence to be afilffed by such Juries; which laid Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and against all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever; and if any such Sheriff or Coroner, or his or their Depot) or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing shall refule to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined or give Evidence, every Person lo offending, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Benefit of the Party in whose Behalf such Person was so summoned.

? P

[Lee. & Per.]

6iq

Expend* of

Commission-cr* and Jury,

Persons requeuing a Jury to enter into a Bond to prosecute.

Notice of Injury to be given to the ProprietorG before Com-p!aint to the Commissioner«.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a Verdict shall be given for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons than had been piwmufiy offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, or determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then all the Expem.es of calling such Commissioners, summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be lettled by the said Commissioners, and be defrayed by the said Company, but if any Verdict shall be given or made for the fame or a less Sum than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, or than had been determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or in case no Damage shall be given by the Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, then and in every such Cale, the Colls and Expences of calling a Meeiing of such Commissioners, summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be settled in like Manner by the said Commissioners, and be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company shall have such Controversy or Dispute-, which laid Coils and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money, lo afieffed and adjudged, where the same shall exceed such Costs and Expences, as lo much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so afieffed or adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demind, afier being lo ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and borieitures: Provided always, that whenever any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence or otherwise, have been prevented from netting, the Whole of such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be borne and defrayed by the said Company.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Person and Persons making Complaint, and r. questing such Jury, shall, before the said Commissioners shall be obliged to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for the summoning such jury, first enter into a Bond, with iufti-cient Sureties, to the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being, in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or in such other Penalty as the said Commissioners shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to prosecute such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, in the Proportion and Manner herein-before mentioned: Provided always, that the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not be obliged, by virtue of this Act, to receive or take Notice of any Complaii t or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Damage or Injury by him, her, or them luf-tained, in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, unless Notice in Writing hath been or shall be given in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Company, or to their Clerk, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage Hull have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

43° GEORGII III. Cap.z$.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Ju-ties respectively shall award all Determinations, Judgements, and Vtrd,ft9 which they shall respectively make and give in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, concerning the Value of Lands or Hereditaments, separately and distinctly from the Consideration of any other Damages sustained, or to be sustained by any Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value set upon the Lands and other Hereditaments, and the Money assessed and adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, separately and apart from each other.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Jury and Juryman as aforesaid, shall be under and subject to the lame Regulations, Pains, and Penalties, as if such Jury or Juryman had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts ol Record at Westminster; and that all and every Person and Persons, who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully give falle Evidence before the said Commissioners, or before any such Jury, as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject to such Punishments and Dikjualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to, for wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Determinations of the said Commissioners, which shall be submitted to, and acquirfcedin by the Parties concerned, and also the Verdicts of the Juries, and the Judgements of the said Commissioners thereon, as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to, and kept by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, and shall be deemed Records, to all Intents and Purposes, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, paying for each Inspection the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no mote, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words.

XXXIII. And, in order that the said Company of Proprietors may not be impeded in the Prosecution of their laid Undertaking by means of any such Proceedings before the said Cormnissioners or Jury, be it further enacted, That, either upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money by the said Company, or on their giving such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve, for Payment of any such annual Rent as shall be contrafted or agreed for between the Parties, or adjusted and determined by the said Commissioners, or assessed by such Juries in Manner respectively as aforesaid, for the Purchase of any Inch Lands, Tythes, or other tleredi-taments. or as a Recompence for the yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages, as herein-bef ore mentioned, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and Premises, or to such other Person or Persons as, shall be interested therein or entitled to receive such Money, Rent, or Compensation respectively, within a reasonable Time in the Discretion of the L.d Commissioners, after the same shall have been actually lo agreed for, determined, or afLfled, or upon the said Company’s previously giving such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve, for

6f r

Verdict of VaiueotLamU and Damages to be afrer-tained fepa-re.tely.

Jury to be under the fame RcguU'ionsa* in the Courts at Wefinunftir, and Persons guilty of Perjury may bs prosecuted.

Verdict to bt recorded.

The Lands are to veil abfo* lately in the Company, upon their either paying or giving Se.' rity for Payment of the Value of the Land, or Compensation for Damages.

6ij

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

the future Payment of such Sum of Money, or duly securing such annual Rent when the Amount thereof shall be fixed by the said Commissioners or Jury as aforesaid; or if the Person or Persons interested in the said 1 ands or Hereditaments shall not be able to make a good Title thereto, to the Satisfaction of the said Company, lb as to entitle himself to receive, or shall actually refuse to receive the Sum or Sums awarded to him, her, or them, by the said Commissioners or Jury, or to execute a sufficient Conveyance, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then, in any of these Cases, upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, if the said Sum or Sums shall amount to One hundred Pounds or upwards, in case the same shall be requisite, as herein-afeer mentioned, or if not, then, on leaving or depositing the Money in tlw Hands of the Treasurer to the Company of Proprietors, if the said Sum or Sums shall be less than One hundred Pounds, for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive the same; and in all or any of the said Cases, as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments respectively (or before such Payment or Tender, or Security, given by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof), and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trust, and Incereft, of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be vested in and become the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors, to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Tender, Payment, Investment, or Deposit, or the giving of such Security for the same as aforesaid, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interclf, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar, the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail, and other Elfates in Reversion and Remainder, of his, her, or their lffiue, and of every other Person whomsoever therein: Provided nevertheless, that before such Payment, Tender, Investment, Depoftt, or Security as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security, fur the Purpose of making the said Railway or Works, without the Consent of such Person or Persons respectively.

Tenants at Will t# deliver Possession on Six Months Notice.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Puffeffion of any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be taken or uled for the Purposes of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will or Lefiee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Poffiession of such Premiies to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession from the said Company, or trotn the Person or Persons so authorized by them; and such Person or l’crions lo in Pol-

felli m

4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 613

fession of such Premises, or such Tenant or Tenants as aforesaid, shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not, or so soon after as he, she, or they shall be required peaceably and quietly to deliver up the FofTcffion of the said Premises to the said Company, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to give such Possession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to issue their Precept or Precepts, in Writing signed by the Treasurer and Clerk for the Time being of the said Company and also by Three Members of the Committee of the faits Company, to the Sheriff of the County of Surrey, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same-, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Pic-cepts on the Person or Persons lo refusing or neglecting to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or coin enikbon awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- Money when chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers hereof for the Purposes exceeding hereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant,

Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, or feiled or possessed of only a particular or determinable Estate or Interest: therein, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General ct the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Croydon, Merjltam, and God/ione Iron Railway Company, together with the N.uneor Names of such Person or Persons as Three of the said Commissioners shill, by Writing under their Hands, direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Pttition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be lo applied, then the same shall be laid our and invrfted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them, as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable cf taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelled by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum [Z ee. & Per.] 7 Reduced

614

Application where the Compensation does not exceed iOO/. nor less than *01-

A pplication where the Monty it left than to /.

Compensation in lieu of Tythts.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Pure hale or Settlement were made.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity, or seised or possessed of such particular or determinable Estate or Interest as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be figmfied in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in Older to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be figiicd in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Panics), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as th- Cafe be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dirtdion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thatwhere such Money (o agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be leis than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then, to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, Thatfull Recompence and Satisfadlion shall be made by the said Company for all Tythes, both Great and Small, which would have been issuing from or out of any of the Lands which shall be taken or made Use of for the Purposes of this Act, to the several Persons who now are or at any Time hereafter might have been entitled to such Tyches, according to their respective Interests therein, such Tythes to beeftimated at the Average Value of the Four Years, commencing at Michaelmas Day One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and ending at Michaelmas Day One thousand eight hundred and two , such Value

to

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3S. 615

to be ascertained (in case of any Difference concerning the same) in like Manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein-before directed to be ascertained: Provided always, that such Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to Spiritual Persons by an annual Rent.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Lands or Heredita- For paying oft ments to be uftd for the Purposes of this Act,|shall happen to be in Mort- j^rsun»s gage to any Person or Persons, or legally or equitably subjector charged charged upon or chargeable to or with the Payment of any Debt or Sum or Sums of Money in Grols, and not by Way of Rent or Annuity, it shall be lawful for the said Company, upon Application being made to them by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or Person or Persons having and being entitled to such Charge or Charges as aforesaid, and manifclting the fame, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and the said Company are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, after the same shall have been so agreed for and adjusted or a defied, in Manner aforesaid, for such Lands in Mortgage in or towards, or in Part Payment of the Principal Money that shall be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, and also the Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, to and with which the said Lands or Hereditaments shall be so liable and charged as aforesaid, unto such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that upon Receipt of such Sum or Sums such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators reflectively, shall acknowledge the Receipt of such Sum or Sums of Money by an Indcrfement to be made upon the Back of such Mortgage or Mortgages, or in other Cases within the Meaning of this Claul’e, wherein such Discharge cannot be by Indorsement, by an appropriate Receipt or Acquittance, and signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Person or Persons so entitled as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, in Satisfaction of so much of the Principal or other Monies due upon such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charge or Charges, as the said Purchase Money shall extend to cover; and upon the signing of every such Indorsement and Release respectively, such Lands or Hereditaments shall be exonerated, freed, and discharged of and from every such Mortgage or Mortgages, Charge or Charges as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Con- Satisfaction to trad or Contracts shall be made with any Bodies Politick, Corporate, or tm"

Collegiate, Trustees, or other Persons whomsoever, by the said Company, where the" ’ for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments through, into, or upon Title isdoubt-which the said Railway or other Works are intended to be made, and tu' the Title to such Lands or Hereditaments respectively shall not thereupon be made out to the Satisfaction of the said Company, then and in all such Cases, from the Time of making such Contracts, until a good Title shall be made to the said Lands or Hereditaments respectively, and the same shall be effectually conveyed to the said Company in Fee Simple, or other good Estate of Inheritance, the said Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, and other Persons contracting to fell the said Lands or Hereditaments, shall be entitled to have and receive annual Rents or Sums for the fame respectively from the said Company;

8 and

6i6

Proprietors to raise Money amongst their-lelves.

Application of the Money

raised.

The Money to be divided into Shares of 100 /. each, and Shares to be numbered,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

and in case such annual Rents or Sums respectively, shall not be agreed on between the said Company and the said Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Persons entitled to the said Lands or Hereditaments, the same shall be akertained and fetcled by the said Commissioners, in such Manner, and subject to the Verdict of a Jury, if required, as the Value of the Lands to be let out for making the said Railway and other Works are herein directed to be ascertamed and settled; and when and as often as it shall happen that any Lands or Hereditaments, which, by virtue of the Powers created and given by this Act, shall be taken'and appropriated to and for the Purposes of the said intended Railway, shall be charged with any Annuity, Rent Charge, or annual Sum, unless such Land can be exonerated and discharged, by the Agreement of all the Parties interested, it shall be lawful for the said Company to make Satislaction for such Land, by such annual Rent as is herein next before mentioned, out of which annual Rcnc so much shall be set apart and applied by the said Company, in and towards paying such Annuity, Pient Charge, or annual Sum, as the said Commissioners shall deem proper and adequate, according to the Proportion which such Land shall bear to the whole Land or Hereditament charged with such Annuity, Rent Charge, or annual Sum.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Proportions as to them shall feeni meet and convenient, a competent Sum of Money for making and completing the said Railway and other Wciks and Conveniencies thereto, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds (except as is herein-after mentioned)} and that the same shall be divided into such Number of Shares as is herein directed -, and that no Person I'ubscribing thereto, or becoming a Proprietor of such Undertaking, do become a Proprietor of less than One Share; and all the Money to be raised by the said Company, by virtue of this Act, is hereby directed and appointed to be laid out and applied in the First Place, for and towards the Payment, Discharge, and Matiffaction of all Costs, Charges, and Expences in applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and all other necessary Expences, preparatory and relating thereto, and all the Residue and Remainder of such Money for and towards making, completing, and maintaining the said Railway and other Works, and other the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be raised by the several Persons herein-before named, shall be divided into Six hundred equal Parts or Shares, at a Price not exceeding One hundred Pounds per Share; and that Inch Shares shall be numbered in regular numerical Progrcflion, and each Share shall always be distinguished and denominated by the Number with which it is marked; and that the said Six hundred Shares shall be, and ihey are hereby vested in the several Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, subscribing the fame, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to and for their and every of their proper Use and Benefit who shall possess and enjoy a Property in the fame, proportionable to the Sum they shall

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

shall respectively subscribe and pay thereunto; and all and every the Taid Shares shall be Personal Estate, and be enjoyed and transmissible as such, and not partake in any Manner of the Nature of Real Property, nor entitle any Proprietor in any respect to exercise any Right or Franchise in any Town or Borough through which the intended Railway may pahs, in Right of any Share or Shares possessed by such Proprietor in the said Railway; and all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all and every Person and Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assign', who shall severally subscribe the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, shall be entitled to, and receive after the same shall be completed, the entire and neat Distribution of One fix-hundredth Part of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Rates and other Sum and Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the Authority of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Shares; and every Body Politick and Corporate, Person or Persons, having such a Property of One Share in the said Undertaking, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Shares, as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the said Undertaking, in Manner herein directed and appointed.

XLIII. And, for the better securing to the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company (lull, and they are hereby required at their first or some subsequent General Assembly, to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares or the Amount of all the Subscriptions which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished to be fail ly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, and after such Entry made, to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall cause a Ticket or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, for every such Ticket or Instrument; and such Ticket or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Sub-feriber, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Ticket or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof, and which said Ticket or Instrument may be in the Words or to the Effect following; ('videlicet),

‘ The Croydon, Mers}bam, and Godjione Iren Railway Company.

‘ NUMBER

-t->HESE are to certify, That A.B. of js a Proprietor

of the Share or Number being One Share or the

‘ Croydon, Merjlham, and Godstone Iron Railway, subject to the Rules,

[Loo. & Per.] 7 R Regulations,

617

and be Per-tonal Estate.

Names of Proprietors to be entered, and Tickets of their Shares delivered to them.

Form of the Ticket.

6i8

Subscribers to be deemed Proprietors, and have a Vote for every Share.

Form of the Appointment of a Proxy.

All Questions so be decided by the Majority of Votes.

Proprietors may raise an additional Sum if necef. lary.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Regulations, and Orders of the said Company, and that the said A.B. ‘ his or her Executors, Administrators, [or Successors], and Assigns, ‘ is and are intitled to the Profits and Advantages of such Share. Given

under the Common Seal of the said Company, the Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, and his, her, or their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall by virtue of rhis Ad have subscribed for, or shall become entitled to, and be in the adua! Possession of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be deemed a Proprietor for every such Share, and shall have a Vote for and in respect of every such Share, subject to the Restrictions herein-after mentioned, in the General and Special Assemblies of the said Company, to be held as herein directed for carrying on the said Undertaking, or relative thereto; which Vote shall and may be given by him, her, or them, or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies (such Proxy or Proxies being a Proprietor or Proprietors of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking), duly consticuted under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or in case of Infancy, under the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, and that every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal or Principals had voted in Perf.in, and being an Infant, had been of full Age-, the Appointment of which Proxy shall and may be made in the Words or to the Effect following; ('videlicet),

‘ 1 One of the Proprietors [or, we A.B. and C.D. Guardians of

‘ E.F. One of the Proprietors], of the Croydon, Merjlbam, and God-‘ ft one Iroti Railwat, do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint G. H. ‘ to be iriy [or, his, or, her]. Proxy in my [or, his, or, her], Absence to ' vote and give my [or, his, or, her], Assent or Diflent to any Business,

Matter, or Thing relative to the said Undertaking, which shall be mentioned or proposed at any Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Rail-

way, or any of them, in such Manner as he the said G. H. shall think

‘ proper, according to his Opinion and Judgement, for the Benefit of ‘ the said Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof I [or, we], have hereunto let my Hand [or, our Hands], ‘ the Day of in the Year of our Lord

And that every Election of Committees and Officers, Question, Matter, and Thing whatsoever, which shall be proposed, difeufled, or considered in any General or Special Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be finally determined by the lyla-jority of Votes and Proxies then prefenr, computing One Vote to every Share as aforesaid; and that at every such Assembly One of the Proprietors present shall be appointed Presidenc or Chairman, who shall not only have such Vote or Votes as a Proprietor as aforesaid, but shall also, in case of an equal Division, have the decisive or casting Vote: Provided always nevertheless, that no Person shall have more than Five Votes in his or her own Right, nor more than Five other Votes in Right of any Proxy or Proxies.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, herein-before authorized to be raised, shall be found

insufficient

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 6jg

inefficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said Railway, and other Works hereby authorized to be made, and defraying all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise and contribute, amongst themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and per-fefting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds; and every Subscriber, towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself or herself, or his or her Proxy, in respect of every Share in the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land interested in all the Profits and Powers of the said Undertaking* in Proportion to the Sum he, she, or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised, had originally been Parc of the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided always, That in case the said Company shall be desirous Power to raise of ratling the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, herein-before authorized Mongage, to be raised, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said Company, by an Order of any General Assembly of the said Company, to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the said Undertaking, as to them shall seem meet and convenient; and the said Company, or the Committee of the said Company, after an Order of any General Assembly, are hereby authorized and empowered to assign the Property of the said Undertaking, and the Rates arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, or any Parc thereof (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Rates), as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance the fame; all which said Mortgages or Assignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company,' in the Words or to the Efleft following; (that is to say),

NUMBER

‘ r>Y virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of £?rnJ of King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of thisA5l~\, or

we, the Croydon, Merftbam, and Godstone Iron Railway Company, incot-

porated by and under the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ to us in Hand paid by of

‘ do assign unto the said his [or, her)

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the said Undertaking, and all

and singular the Rates arising by virtue of the said Act, and all the

Estate, Right, Title, and Interest of, in, and to the fame, to hold unto

‘ the said his [or her) Executor?, Admi-

‘ nistrators, or Assigns, until the said Sum or

together with interest for the fame, after the Rate of

‘ for every One hundred Pounds for a Year, shall be fully

‘ paid

620

Form of Transfer.

Interest of Money borrowed to he paid in Preference to the Dividends, or may be sued at iauv.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

paid and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal, this ‘ Day of in the Year of our Loid

And all and every Person or Persons to whom such Mortgage or Alignment shall be made, shall be equally entitled One with the other, to his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the said Rates, and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Alignments mentioned, to be advanced without any Preference, by reason of Priority of any such Alignments, or on any other Account whatsoever; and a Memorial of every such Alignment, containing the Date, Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and the Rate of Interest, shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company j which said Book or Books shall and may be perused, at all reasonable Times, by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking, or other Persons interested therein, without Fee or Reward; and all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgages, Alignment or Alignments, shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may, from Time to Time, transfer his, her, or their Right or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Transfer shall and may be in the Words or to the Effc£ following; (that is to

fry).

‘ t [or we] of in Consideration

4 of the Sum of paid by

4 of do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage,

4 Number made by the Croydon, Merftbam, and Godstone Iron

4 Railway Company, to bearing Date the Day of

for securing the Sum of and Interest, and

all my [or our] Right and Property therein to the Lid his [or her] Executors, Administrators, and Aligns. Dated this Day of in the Year of our

4 Lord

And every such Transfer shall, within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk to the said Company, who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof, in l.ke Manner as the original Mortgages or Alignments, for which the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the full Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, who shall have made such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Sum or Sums of Money thereon due, or thereby secured, or any Part thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed by Mortgage, as aforesaid, shall be paid Half-yearly, to the several Persons entitled thereto, in Preference to any Interest or Dividends due and payable, by virtue of this Act, to the said Company, or any of them, and shall, from Time to Time, be fully paid and discharged, or provided for before the yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the said Proprietors, or any of them, shall be paid,

made.

621

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

made, and divided , and in case the fame, or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of Thirty Days nexc after the same shall become due and payable, as aforesaid, and after Demand made, that then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, on Request made to them by any Creditor, whole Interest shall be so in Arrear, by an Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole or such Part or Parts of the said Rates as are liable to pay such Interest, so due and unpaid, as aforesaid; and the Money so^to be received, by such Person or Persons, is hereby declared to be as so much Money received by or to the Use of such Person or Persons to whom such Interest shall be then due, until the fame, together with the Costs and Charges of recovering and receiving the Rates, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and after such Interest and Costs shall be paid and satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Receiver and Receivers, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall cease and determine, or otherwise, the said Interest so due and unpaid as aforesaid, shall be sued for, and recovered with Costs, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: Provided always, that Mortgagees no Person to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made or Account of transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Proprietor of any Share, or *vins lent shall be capable of acting or voting as such, either as Principal or by Proxy, oney' at any Meeting of the said Company, for or on Account of his or her having lent or advanced any Sum or Sums of Money, on the Credit of such Assignment.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of; Af-"^ the said Company, for putting this Act into Execution, shall be held at tcmbiies. the King's Arms Inn, in the Town of Croydon, upon the Third Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; and the Second, and every General Assembly shall be held at such Time and Place as the said First General Assembly shall appoint; and the like General Assembly shall be held on the First Tuesday in May in every Year for the future, at such Place as the said Proprietors at each next preceding General Assembly shall appoint, all such Meetings being at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; and the said Company at such respective General Assemblies, toge- Committee to ther with such Proxies as shall be then present shall chorne and elect, out beelecled> of such of the said Proprietors as at the Time of such Election shall respectively be possessed in their own Right of Stock to the Amount of Three hundred Pounds at the least in the said Undertaking, One Committee to manage the Affairs of the said Company, as herein directed, and to consist of Nine or more Persons, Three of whom ltiall at all Meetings be a Quorum; and the said Company shall have Power and Authority at any such General Assembly, to remove and displace any Person or Persons who shall have been chosen a Member or Members of the said Committee, or any Officer or Officers under them, and rochoofe and elect others in case of Death or other Vacancy, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change any of the Rules or Directions which may have been prescribed and laid down by virtue of this Act, with regard to their Proceedings amongst themselves, as they shall think proper ("the Method of calling General or Special Assemblies, and their Time and Place of Meeting and Voting, and appointing Committees only excepted), and shall also have Power and Authority to make such new Rules, Bye-[Loe. & Per.] 7 S Laws,

6ii 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Laws, and Orders, for the good Government of the said Company, their Agents, and Workmen, for making, maintaining, and using the said Railway, or other Works, and all other Conveniencies, Matters, and Things that shall be made for the fame, and also for and concerning all such Goods and Commodities as shall be conveyed thereon, and also for the well governing of all Persons who shall be employed in the conveying of any Goods, Wares, and ^Merchandize, and other Articles and Things, upon any Part of the said Railway or other Works, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the said Bye-Laws, Orders, and Regulations, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against the fame, as to the major Part of such General Assemblies shall fcem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, such Fines and Forfeitures to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as herein-after mentioned; which said Rules, Bye-Laws, anti Orders, being reduced into Writing, under the Common Seal of the said Company, and being printed, shall be binding upon and observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient, in any Court of Law or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame, provided they be not repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, or any Directions in this Act contained; and every such General Assembly shall have Power to call for, audit, and settle all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed, on Account of the said Undertaking, by the Treasurers or Collectors of the Rates, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them, in and about the said Railway, and other Works thereto belonging, but no Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be given or have any Power in or as to the Audit and Settlement of Accounts; and the said Company shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time, to such Place or Places as shall at any such General Assemblies be thought proper and convenient.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any fuc^1 General Assembly there shall not be present Persons, or the Proxies of Persons, whose aggregate Interest or Property in the said Undertaking shall amount at lead to Thirty Shares or Subscriptions of One hundred Pounds or upwards, no Choice of a Committee, nor any Removal of a Person or Persons from any such Committee, nor any Election of any Person or Persons in the room of such of the Members of the said Committee as shall die or decline to act, shall be made at that Time, but in such Case there shall be another Assembly of the said Company, at the same Place, upon that Day Three Weeks, and if a sufficient Number of Proprietors, as Principals or by Proxies, shall not then attend, the said General Assembly shall (land adjourned to the same Place, on the Third Tuesday next following; and such Choice, Removal, or new Appointment of any Member of any such Committee shall then take place, and not before and such Committee so before appointed shall continue to act, and have the fame Powers as they had and were possessed of, until a new Committee shall be appointed as aforesaid; and in case of Failure of the assembling of a sufficienc Number of Proprietors having such Shares or Subscriptions as Principals or Proxies at such First General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such Second Assembly in his own Person, or by Proxy, shall forfeit to the said Company, for every Share or Subscription of One hundred Pounds which he or she shall possess in the said Undertaking,

Gcrrrr.il Assemblies for c hoofing Committees to con fill of 30 Shares.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 623

ing, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be deducted out of his or her next succeeding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking, as the Case may happen; and in case no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid,

within Three Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then the Payment of the said Forfeiture of Ten Shillings m..y be recovered and enforced by the Ways and Means herein-after appointed lor the Recovery of any other of the Penalties or Forfeitures tmposed by this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That, if it shall at any Time appear, Aflimbliei of that, for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a Special ^Pbectforesc;_ General Assembly of the said Company is necessary to be held, ic shall be ally convened, lawful for any Five or more of the said Proprietors, who may each of them be possessed of or entitled unto Three Shares or Subscriptions of Three hundred Pounds or upwards at the lead in the said Undertaking, to cause Ten Days Notice at the lead to be given thereof in some Newl-paper usually circulated in the said County of Surrey, or by giving to each Proprietor, or by leaving at his or her usual Place of Abode, a Notice in Writing signed by such Proprietors, or by the Clerk to the said Company for the Time being, or in such other Manner as the said Company shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requeding such Special Assembly, and the Time when and Place where the same shall be held; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice; and such of them as shall be present, shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company with respect to the Matters so specified only and all such Acts of the Proprietors, or the major Part of them, met together at every such Special General Assembly, (provided such major Parc shall be possessed of at lead Thirty Shares or Subscriptions of One hundred Pounds each in the said Undertaking, either as Principals or Proxies) shall be valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at a General Assembly at the Time herein-before appointed for holding the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company at any General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to nominate and appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and such other Officers as they shall think proper, and shall take diffident Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, having the Care cr Custody of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, for the due Execution of his Office, as the said Company shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officers, or any of them; and such Clerk shall attend the General Meetings and Assemblies of the said Company, and the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company, and of the said Committee, by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act; and that every Proprietor of the said Undertaking

Officers to the

Company to be appointed.

624

Officers, ete. to account.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

/hall and may, at all convenient Times, have Recourse to and peruse and inspect the fame, and also the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, paying Sixpence for every One hundred Words so to be copied; and if such Clerk shall refuse to permit any of the said Proprietors to inspect or peruse any such Books at all convenient Times and Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies in a reasonable Time at the Kate aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking; and whenever any such Treasurer or Clerk shall die, or be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Company, it shall be lawful for the Committee of such Proprietors for the Time being, or a Majority of them, to appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Clerk in the Place of him or them so dying, being removed, or quitting the said Service, until the then next General A/fembly of the said Company, when such Appointment shall be confirmed, or another Treasurer or Clerk shall be nominated and appointed in his or their Stead.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, or such Committer, shall direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or to such Person or Pei ions as they respectively shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts, in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and di/bursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse to produce or deliver up such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act:, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies, as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or as they respectively shall direct or appoint, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Committee, or by such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid,

to

625

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

ko any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and refule, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Peifori or Persons so refusing or neglecting to be brought before them, and upon his’or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and if, upon the Confedion of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected, raised, or received, by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of making and levying the fame; or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall (till persist in refusing or neglecting to deliver up all such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, to the Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee, or other Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, then, and in any or-either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for the said County of Surrey, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and ptrfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors, or with the said Committee, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Committee.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee for the Time being of the said Company, shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of and to carry on the fame, as they shall from Time to Time find necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call do exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon each Share, and so as no Calls be made but at the Distance cf One Calendar Month at lead from each other, which Monies so called for shall be paid to such Person and Persons, and in such Manner as the said Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct for the Use of the said Undertaking; and such Committee shall, until the next General Assembly to be holden in Manner as aforesaid, meet at such Times and at I uch Places, and from Time to Time adjourn themselves to such other Time as they shall think fit; and at all Meetings of the said Committee, One of the Members present shall be appointed President or Chairman, and all Questions, Matters, and Things, which shall be propoftd, dilcuffed, or considered at such Meetings, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes; but no Member of such Committee, although he may be a Proprietor of many Shares in the said Undertaking, shall have more than One Vote [Lee. Per J ft in

Powers of tht Comm ttee for making Calls.

626

Their Expellees to be paid.

Calls not paid maj be lued for.

If not paid within Three Months, Shares to be forfeited.

Subscribers to have Notice before their Shares are forfeited.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

in the said Committee, except the President or Chairman, who in case of an equal Division, shall always have a Second and the calling Vote; and in order to defray the Expence of the Meetings of the said Committees, it shall be lawful for the said Committees, and they are hereby allowed to expend or detain to themselves a reasonable Sum of Mot ey out of the Capital Stock of the said Proprietors for their Expences in attending such Meetings; and the said Committee shall have Power arid Authority to direct and manage all the Affairs of the said Company, as well in buying and purchasing Lands and Hereditaments, and Materials for the Use of the said Undertaking and Works, as in employing, ordering, and directing the Works and Workmen, and in placing and displacing Under Officers, Clerks, Servants, Agents, and Workman, and in making all Contracts and Bargains touching the said Undertaking, so that no such Purchase, Bargain, or other Matter be done or transacted without the Concurrence of a Majority of the said Committee as aforesaid then assembled; and every Owner or Owners of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their Shares and Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as aforesaid, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice at the lead shall be given, not exceeding the Sum aforesaid for every Share, by publishing the fame in some One such Newspaper as aforesaid, or by giving Notice in Writing to such Proprietor, or leaving the fame at his or her usual or last Place of Abode, or in such other Manner as the said Company shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refofe to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for, by the First Call to be made by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place appointed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company tofue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Monty to be called for as aforesaid at the Time and Place so appointed as aforesaid, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds npr less than Two Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of his, her, or their respective Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable and proportionable Part or Share of the said Money, to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Time appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof, and all Money advanced by him, her, or them, to and for the Ule and Benefit of the other Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and all such Forfeitures shall be fold ac a public Sale by the said Company, for the most Money they can get for the fame, and the Produce thereof final 1 ber equally divided amongst the rest of the said Company, in Proportion ro their respective Shares and Interests in the said Undertaking: Provided always, that no Advantage fin a 11 be taken of the Forfeiture of any Share or Snares of the said Undertaking, until Notice shall be given by the Clei;k or Treasurer to the said Company, to the Owner or Owners thereof,

or

627

43° GEORGII III. Cap.

or Notice in Writing left at his, her, or their usual or lad: Place cf Abrde. hor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Assembly of the said Company, which shall be held after the End of Two Calendar Months after the Forfeiture shall happen to be made; and every such Forfeiture shall be an Indemnification and Discharge to and for every Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, after such Share o. Shares shall be deemed to be forfeited by a General AfTcmbly, but no-before, against all Actions, Suits, or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted, for any Breach of Contraft or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the rest of the Proprietors with regard to carrying on the said Undertaking.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor of a Share or Shares in the said Railway shall at any Time neglect or refuse to answerand pay the Calls made upon him or her within the Time and Manner prescribed by the said Act for making such Payment, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to cause to be sold the Share or Shares belonging to such Person, or so many thereof (if more than One) as will raise a sufficient Sum of Money to make good the Money so called for, with lawful Interest for such Money from the Time the same shall have been due, and also all Charges and Expences occasioned by such Neglect or Refusal, and by Writing under their Common Seal to convey the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, according to the Form, and in Manner by the said Act directed with respect to the Sale or Sales of Shares in the said Railway, and every such Sale and Conveyance shall be as valid and effirftual as if made by the former Owner, and out of the Money arising by such Sale the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to deduct and retain the Sum due to them from such Person on Account of his or her Share in the said Railway, together with Interest for the same as aforesaid, and also all Expences attending such Neglect or Refusal, and Sale; and if there shall be any Overplus of such Money,the fame shall by the said Company of Proprietors be paid upon Demand to the Person who was the Proprietor of the said Share or Shares before such Sale was made, his or her Executors or Administrators, the Person or Persons receiving such Money giving to the said Company of Proprietors a proper Receipt cr Discharge for the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent the said Company of Proprietors from pursuing such other Remedies for recovering the Calls and Arrears of Calls due from the said Proprietors, or any of them, as are given and directed by this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in any Action brought by the said Company against any Owner or Owners cf any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company, for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sim cr Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrtar shall amount unto, fur such or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or

So imny Snares of Persons rot an-fvrering Ca Is may be sold as will raise the Sum due.

Directing the Proceedings in Actions for Calls.

628

Committee may appoint Sub-Committees with Power ro make Contracts, etc.

And Committee may diffolve such Subcommittees.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants, (as the Case may happen to be), whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the Special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action it shall only be necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Call or Calls was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; and that such Call or Calls was or were in fast made, and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by this Act, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls, or any other Matter whatsoever; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Sum of One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Distance of One Calendar Month from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be flayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, un-kfs such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which Judgment shall be given, in Double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effect, and also if the said Judgment be affirmed, or the said Writ of Eiror be non-profled, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Costs adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Costs and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee to nominate and appoint, out of their own Body, One or more Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees (every such Sub-Committee to con-fist of Five or more Persons), who shall have full Power and Authority to enter into and make any such Contracts or Agreements on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors; and to hire and employ any Agents, Workmen, or Servants in and about the said Undertaking, and to do, execute, and perform all such other Matters and Things whatsoever, in and about the said Undertaking, which the said Committee arc them-felve's herein-before authorized to do, as the said Committee shall think proper to entrust to the Care and Management of any such Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees; save and except nevertheless the appointing of such Clerks, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors, and other principal Officers, and the auditing and settling of the Accounts of the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors, and other principal Officers, and the making Calls for Money upon the Proprietors of the said Undertaking; and that it shall be lawful for the said Committee, for the Time being, to order and direct such Compensation or Recompence to be made to the said Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees, from Time to Time, as they shall think reasonable; and it shall also be lawful for the said Committee, by an Order or Resolution for that Purpose, to break up and dissolve ary such Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees, or to remove and displace any Member or Members thereof, and appoint some other or others in his or their Place and Stead, when and as often as such Committee shall think proper and expedient; and such Sub-Committees shall have full Power and Authority to meet from Time to Time, and adjourn from Place to Place, as they shall think proper, and as Occasion

shall

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

shall require, for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid; and all Powers and Authorities hereby veiled, or which shall by the said Committee be veiled in any such Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall and may be exercised by the major Part of the Members present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being lei's than Three; and at all Meetings of such Sub-Committees respectively. One of the Members present shall be appointed President or Chairman, and all Questions shall be decided by the Majority of Votes, and the President or Chairman shall have the calling Vote in case of an equal Division, although he may have given One Vote before.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That such Committee shall, from Time to Time, make Report of their Proceedings to, and be subject to the Examination and Controul of the said General and Special Assemblies of the said Proprietors* as aforesaid, and shall pay due Obedience to all such Orders and Directions in and about the Prernifes, as shall, from Time to Time, be made by the said Proprietor.; at any such General or Special Assembly, such Orders and Directions not being contrary to any express Directions or Provisions in this Act contained.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That proper Books of Accounts, and other Matters relating to the said Undertaking, shall be kept; and that all such Books and other Matters shall be deposited and kept, under the Direction of the Committee for the Time being, at such Place or Places as the said Company shall from Time to Time direct, and every Proprietor or Proprietors, at all reasonable Times, shall have ' free Access to the fame for his, her, or their Inspection, without Fee or Reward.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being; and that no Action that may be brought or commenced by or against the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, by virtue or on Account of this Act, in the Name of such their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer or Clerk, or by the Act of such Treasurer or Clerk, without the Consent of the Committee for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors; but the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the calr may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, by or on Behalf of the said Company, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Colls and Charges, as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being lo made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall happen to die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced, or any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall have been possessed of, or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will, or otherwise, how ILoc. ft? Per.] 7 U or

629

Powers of Sub-Committees may be exercised by Majority.

At Meetings of Sub-Committees Chapman to be appointed.

Committee to be under Controul of Gene-ralAflemblies.

Book' of Accounts to be kept.

Company may sue and be sued inth: Name of the Clerk or Treasurer.

On the Death of Subscribeir, before Shares completed, Executors may complete the same.

43° GEORGII III. Cap.

L or in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company, for the Put poles of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case, the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatick or Lunaticks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, Lunatick or Lunaticks, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such deceased Owner, ate hereby respectively authorized to pay, and shall be indemnified against all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for, as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription so contracted for or begun; and if such deceased Owner or Owners shall not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls, the said Company shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons, to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted, do and shall on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons, who shall or may be entitled to his, her, or their Effects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, in his, her, or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for-, and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted on such Conditions as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to, and become vested in the rest of the said Company, in Trust for, and for the equal Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

Shares may be. Ibid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned and provided; and the Form of Conveyance for such Sales shall be in the following Words, or to the like Effect, varying the Names and Defctiptions of the contracting Parties, as the Calc may require.

Term of Conveyance. J A.B. in Consideration of paid to me, by ‘ C.D. do hereby bargain, fell, and transfer unto the said C. D- Share or Shares, as the Case may be\ of the Undertaking, called The Croydon, Merftham, and Godjione Iron Railway, to hold to him, the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the ‘ same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that ‘ I held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and I, the ‘ said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share or Shares] " subject

631

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

‘ subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As witness our Hands and Seals, the Day of

And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance executed by the Seller or Sellers and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers of his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk of the said Proprietors for the Time being shall have entered in the said Books a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, to be kept for the Use of the said Company, and have certified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the salt! Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid; and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and unless and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share paid unto him, her, or them, or any Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Mo- Aftera^CaM,^ ney shall have been made by such Committee as aforesaid, no Person or ibiduntn after Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they Cali be shall possess in the said Undertaking, upon the Penalty of forfeiting his, anf',ere‘1, her, or their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company, in Trust, for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, she, or they, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, shall have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture, nevertheless, to be notified and declared at a General Assembly, in Manner before directed.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Deeds for or For granting respecting the Shares of the Company aforesaid shall be worn out or da- wh'enoWOnea maged, then, upon the fame being brought and shewn ar. some General are destroyed AlTtmbly of the said Company cf Proprietors, such Deeds may be can- orwo‘nout. celled and destroyed, and other similar Deeds given under the Seal of the said Company, to the Person or Persons in whom the Property of such Deeds and the Shares therein mentioned shall be at any Time verted, or in case such Deeds shall be burnt or totally destroyed, that then, upon due Proof thereof, like Deeds shall be given to the Person or Persons who were the Owner or Owners of, or entitled to such Deeds so burnt or destroyed, so as that due Entry of the Transfer of such Deed or Deeds,

(if any such have been made), shall have been entered by the Clerk to the said Company, in Manner herein directed.

LXIV. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the frequent Proof to be Transfer of Shares in the said Undertaking by the Marriage and Death t^shara* of Proprietors, and it may be difficult to ascertain to whom the Dividends quired by arising or becoming due upon such Share ought to be paid and do belong; or°r

be it therefore further enacted, That before any Person or Persons who letters of Allhall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, by *mnlstration> virtue of hi--, her, or their Marriage or Marriages, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of tl e Register of such Marriage, or the Effect of such Register, shall be made and sworn to by

some

632

Knees of

Tonnage.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

some credible Person, before a Judge in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before a Mailer or Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Company for the Time being, who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by him for the entering of Transfers of Shares in the said Undertaking; and that before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or of any Letters of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will, or Probate Copy thereof, or such Letters of Administration, shall be produced and shewn to the Law Clerk of the said Company, or an Affidavit containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Snare- or Shares of the Testator or Testatrix, or a Copy of the said Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate, shall be made and (worn to by the Executor or Executors of such Will, or by the Administrator or Administrators of the Estate and Eftedls of the Proprietor dying intestate, (as the Case may happen to be), before a Judge of One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, a Mailer or Mailer Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Company, who shall file and enter the fame in Manner aforesaid.

LXV. And, in Consideration of the great Charge and Expence which the said Company mult incur and sustain in making and maintaining the said Railway, and other Works hereby authorized to be made and maintained, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time, and at all Times hereaftir, to alk, demand, take, recover, and receive, to and for the Ufeand Benefit of the said Company, for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Things, which shall be carried or conveyed upon any Part of the said Railway, such Rates and Duties as the said Company shall think fit, not exceeding the Rates herein-afeer mentioned; (that is to say).

For all Dung, Two-pence per Ton per Mile:

For all Limestone, Chalk, Lime, and all other Manure (except Dung), Clay, Breeze, Allies, Sand, and Bricks, Three-pence per Ton per Mile:

For all Timber, Tin, Copper, Lead, Iron, Stone, Flint.', Coals, Charcoal, Coke, Culm, Fullers Earth, Corn and Seeds, Hour, Malt, and Potatoes, Four-pence per Ton per Mile:

And for all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and Things whatsoever. Sixpence per Ton per Mile:

And in all Cases where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton, a Proportion of the said Rates Brail be demanded and taken for such Fraction, according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton contained in such Fraflion; and where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton, such Fraction shall be deemed and considered as a whole Quarter of a Ton; and in all Cases where there shaft be a Fradlion of a Mile in the Distance which any Waggon or other Carriage shall pass upon the said Railway, such Fraction shall, in ascertaining the said Rates, be deemed and considered as a Mile: And in order to ascertain such Distances, the said Company shall cause the said Railway to be

meai’jrcdj

633

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

measured, and Stones or Ports, with proper Inscriptions, to be erected and for ever maintained on the Sides of the lame, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, or at such Distance as the said Company or their Committee shall think fit.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Rates herein authorized Recovery of to be demanded and taken, shall be paid to such Person or Per- Rates-fons at such Place or Places, at or near the said Railway, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Company, at some General or Special Assembly or Assemblies shall direct or appoint; and iu case of Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such R,ates, or any Part thereof, when demanded, to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company may sue for the same by Action of Debt or upon the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or the Person or Persons to whom such Rates ought to have been paid may, and he or they is and are hereby authorized to seize the Goods or other Things, for or in iefped: whereof any such Rates ought to have been paid, or any Part thereof respectively, and the Waggon or other Carriage laden therewith, and detain the fame until such Payment shall be made, and also until Payment of all Arrears of any Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, as the Case may be, to the said Company, together with the reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention; and if such Goods shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after the taking thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold as the Law directs in Cases of Distress for Rent -, and the said Company shall have full Power, from Time to Time, at any General Assembly, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates, and again jo raise the fame, as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Rates before mentioned, as often as it shall be necessary for the Incereft of the said Undertaking.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said c°*3yto'n Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any of their FeaTe the Ratet General Assemblies, by Writing under their Common Seal at any Time or Times to let to Farm the Rates hereby made payable or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Railway unto any Person or Persons fur any Term or Time they shall think proper, not exceeding Seven Years from the Commencement,

of any Lease, and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual; and the LtITee or Leffces thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates so let, shall during the Continuance of every such Lease be deemed Collectors of the Rates so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Company, provided public Notice of the Intention to let the said Rates or any Part thereof be given in Writing by the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, or the Clerk to the said Company, by Advertisement published in the County Newspaper, or by Notice to fudi Proprietors as aforesaid, at lead Twenty-one Days prior to any such General Assembly, at which the said Rates, or any Part thereof are proposed to be let as aforesaid.

[Lor. is? Per?]

7*

Matter* of Waggon*, 141 to give an Account in Writing of Lading.

Weight of Tonnage, afbertained.

If any Difference concerning Weights, Collector* may weigh or mra-sure Waggon-'.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

LXVIII. And, for the better ascertaining and more easily coileifling the fain Rates, be it farther enabled, That the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons having the Care of any Waggon, or other Carriage passing upon the said Railway, or any Part thereof 'efpeflively, shall give an exact and true Account in Writing, signed by him or them, to the Collectors of the said Rates, at the Place or Places where they shall attend for that Purpose, of what Quantity of Goods or ether Things as aforesaid shall be in such Waggon, or other Carriage respectively, and with respect to such Waggon or other Carriage from whence brought, and where the same are intended to be unloaded or left; and in case any Person shall neglect or refuse to give such Account, or to produce his Bill of Lading to any such Collector demanding the fame, or shall give a false Account, or shall deliver any Part of his Lading or Goods at any other Place than what is or are mentioned in such Account, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates, or any Part of them, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor Jess than Ten Shillings for every Ton of Goods and other Things, and lo in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton which shall be in any such Waggon or other Carriage respectively, of which such Account shall be so refused to be given, or which shall be fraudulently delivered out as aforesaid, as the Case shall happen to be) over and above the respective Rates directed to bs paid for the same by virtue hereof.

LXIX.And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnageof Goods, and other Things to be charged with the Payment of such Rates as aforesaid; be it further enacted and declared, That One hundred and twenty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois shall, for the Purposes of this A<fl, be deemed, rated, or estimated as and for One hundred Weight j any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise between any Collector of the said Rates, and the Owner or Person having the Charge of any Waggon or other Carriage, or the Owner of any Goods or other Things, it shall be lawful for any such Collector to (top and detain any such Waggon or other Carriage, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or cause to be weighed, measured, or gauged, such Waggon or other Carriage, and all such Goods and other Things as shall be therein contained respectively and in case the fame shall, upon such weighing, measuring, or gauging, appear to be of greater Weight or Quantity than what is fee forth and contained in the Account given thereof as aforesaid, then the Owner or Person giving in such Account, shall pay the Colls and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging; all which said Colls and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the said Rates are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if such Goods or other Things shall appear to be of the fame or Ids Weight or Quantity than the fame shall, by such Account, appeirto be of, then the said Collector shall pay the Colls and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging, and also pay to such Owner or Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or other Things, such Damages as shall appear to

635

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

tht said Commissioners, on the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses (all which Oaths the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer), to have arisen from such Detention } and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by the Collector, the same shall be recovered from the said Company by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful toand for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time to al'certain and fix the Price, or Sum or Sums of Money, to be charged or taken for the Carriage of any Parcel not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in Weight upon the said Railway, or upon any Part or Parts thereof; and the said Company of Proprietors shall, from Time to Time, cause to be printed and affixed upon any publick Wharf on the said Railway, in some conspicuous Place, a List or Account, ascertaining and particularizing the Price, or Sum or Sums of Money, so to be charged or taken for the Carriage of such Parcels as aforesaid upon the said Railway; and in case any Owner or Matter, or other Person having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said Railway, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, after such Lift or Account so ascertained or particularizing the Price, or Sum or bums of Money at which every such Parcel shall be lo carried and conveyed shall be so fixed up as aforesaid, shall demand or take for the Carriage of any such Parcel as aforesaid more than the Price, or Sum or Sums of Money in such Lift or Account ascertained and particularized for that Purpose, such Owner, Matter, or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Magistrate before whom such Person shall be convicted.

LXXII. And be it further enadea, That all Persons whomsoever shall have free Liberty to use,with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, the Roads, Ways, and Passages to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of conveying any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Tilings, to or from the said Railway, and every Part thereof, without paying any Thing for the Use of such Roads, Ways, and Passages; and also to pass upon and use the said Railway with Waggons or orher Carriages properly conttruded respectively, as herein-after mentioned, and to employ the said Wharfs for loading and unloading such Goods and other Things, upon Payment of such Rates as shall be demanded by the said Company, not exceeding the respective Sums herein mentioned, and subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company, by virtue of the Powers herein granted.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall pass upon any Part of the said Railway, with any Waggon or other Carriage whatsoever, unless the lame shall be conttruded agreeably to the Order and Regulation of the said Company, which Orders and Regulations shall be ttuck upon a conspicuous Part of every Toll House erected on such Railway for the colieding of the Rates by this Act imposed, (except in crossing the fame for the convenient Occupation of the adjacent Grounds, or in passing any publick or private Car-

Power to fix the Price of imall Parcels.

Passage on the Railway to be fi ee upon Payment of Rates.

No Waggons

to pass on Railway, unless coniti uct-eJ as directed by the Company.

636

Owner* to put their Names on Oatfide their Waggons.

Owners of

Waggons amlwerable for Damage!

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

riage Road which may happen to cross the said Railway), and that if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall pass upon any Part of the said Railway with any Waggon or other Carriage not constructed in the Manner brrein-before directed, (except as before excepted), he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, to the said Company*

LXXIV. And, for the better Regulation of the Owners of Waggons and other Carriages, and others employed by or under them respectively, and for the more easy Detection of any Thing by them done contrary to the D'reftons of this Act, be it further enacted, That every Owner of any Waggon or other Carriage passing along the said Railway, shall cause his or her Name and Place of Abode, and the Number of his or her Waggon or other Carriage, to be entered with the Clerk to the said Company, and shall also cause such Name and Number to be painted in large White capital Letters and Figures, on a Black Ground, Three Inches high ac the lead and a proportional Breadth, on some conspicuous Part of the Outside of every such Waggon or other Carriage, and shall permit and futfer every such Waggon or other Carriage to be gauged or measured at the Expence of the said Company whenever it shall be required by them, or any Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose , provided, that no such W ggon or other Carriage shall be gauged or measured more than Four Times in any One Year; and every Owner of any Waggon or other Carriage which shall pass on any Parc of the said Railway, without having such Name, Figures, and Index thereon as herein-before directed, and every Person who shall alter, erase, deface, or destroy the fame, or any Part thereof, or who shall refuse to permit and suffer the same to be gauged and measured, shall, for every such Offence, forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of any Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said Railway, or any Part thereof, shall be and is hereby made answerable for any wilfui Damage, Spoil, or Mischiefthat shall be done by his or their Waggon or other Carriage, or any of the Waggoners or other Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectively, unto the Railway or other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or by loading or unloading any Waggon or other Carriage, and for any wilful Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or other Property adjoining, or lying near to the fame, or any of them, or any other Trespass whatsoever, and the said Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, shall for every such wilful Damage, upon Conviction of such Person or Persons before any Justice of the Peace, ither by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered and required to ad* minister), pay to the Person or Persons injured, the Damages to be ascertained by such Justice, provided that such Damages do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and also shall, over and above such Damages,

forfeit

637

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

forfeit and pay to the Informer any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, and all Colls, Charges, and Expences attending such Conviction; which Damages, Penalties, and Cods shall be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, by Warrant or Warrants, under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and the Overplus (if any), after such Penalty, Damages, and the Costs and Charges of such Didrefs and Sale are deduced, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, or if the said Damages diall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, then and in such Case, the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame in any Court of Record at Westminster, and if found guilty, or a VerdiS passed against him or her, or Judgement be given against him or her, upon Demurrer or Default, the Plaintiff in such Case shall recover his Damages thereby fudained with full Cods of Suit.

LXXVI. Provided always, That in case the Owner or Owners of any Waggon or other Carriage as aforesaid shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage by reason of any wilful Neglect or Default done or committed by his, her, or their Servant, such Servant shall be liable to repay such Penalty or Satisfaction to such Owner or Owners, and in case of Non-payment upon Demand thereof, and Oath made by such Owner or Owners of the Payment by him, her, or them, of such Penalty or Satisfaction, and that the fame hath not been re-paid to him, her, or them, by such Servant, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any One Justice of the Peace, acting in and for the County of Surrey), the fame Penalty and Satisfaction shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Servant, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Didrefs and Sale; and the said Penalty and Satisfaction when recovered, shall be paid to such Owner or Owners in Discharge of such Penalty and Satisfaction so by him or by them paid for the wilful Act or Defiult of such Servant as aforesaid; and in case no diffident Didrefs can be had, such Justice of the Peace shall, and is hereby required to commit such Servant to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time, to make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as they shall think proper for or relating to Waggons or other Carriages pa ding along or using the said Railway and other Works, and all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be binding upon and be conformed to by the Owners or Persons having the Care or Conduct of such Waggons or other Carriages, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, for every Default; and if any Waggon or other Carriage, shall be placed or differed to remain in any Part of the said Railway or other Works so as to obstruct the Passage thereof, and the Person having the Care of such Waggon or other Carriage, shall not immediately, upon Request made, remove such Waggon or other Carriage, he shall forfeit for every such Offence, any Sum [Loc. fcf Per.J 7 r not

Owners to recover back an\ Son* paid for their Servants Neg'ett cr Default.

Company or Committee to regulate the Pallage on the Railway.

M 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

not exceeding Five Shillings, nor less than One Shilling for every Hour such Obstruction shall continue after the making ol such Request, and it shall be lawful for any Agent or Officer to the said Company, to cause any such Waggon or other Carriage to be unloaded if necessary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper, for preventing such Obstruction, and detain such Waggon or other Carriage and the Loading thereof or any Part of such Loading until the Charges occasioned by such Removal shall be paid.

Company e;n« powered'to make ami erect Ga*es and Fences, &c. under Direction of the Cominiffioneri.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall at their own proper Costs and Charges within Six Calendar Months next after any Part of the said Railway shall be laid out and formed at their own Costs and Charges, make, erect, and set up, and from Time to Time maintain and support such and so many convenient Gates in and upon the said Railway, and also such Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages over, under, or by the Side of the said Railway, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall at any of their Meetings from Time to Time judge necessary, and appoint, in case there shall be any Dispute about the fame, for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds through which such Railway shall be made, or for protedting the said Lands and Grounds from Trespass, or the Cattle or other Property of the Owners or Occupiers thereof from eftraying or escaping the reout by reason of such Railway, or any other Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, and all such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages so to be made as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter be supported, maintained, and kept in sufficient Repair and Condition by the said Company; and in case the said Company shall refuse or neglect to make, erect, or set up such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages as herein-before directed, or to maintain and support the fame or any of them when erected, set up, and made in Manner as aforesaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time to be appointed for those Purposes respectively by the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for every or any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands or Hereditaments who shall find himself, herlclf, or themselves aggrieved by such Refusal or Neglect, to make, erect, and set up all such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages as the said Commissioners shall have before directed or appointed to be made, erected, and set up as aforesaid, and to maintain, repair, and support the fame from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so that in making and maintaining such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages aforesaid, the said Railway, Wharfs, Buildings, and other Things hereby authorized to be made or erected by the said Company, shall not be obstructed or injured for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner than shall be necessary for the doing thereof, and all the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof, (to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners) shall be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands or Hereditaments who shall have so erected, and made, repaired, or maintained such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages as

aforesaid

639

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

aforesaid by the said Company, within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Account and Demand in Writing shall have been delivered and made thereof, to and from the said Company by Delivery of such Account or Demand to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Company for the Time being, pid in Default of Payment of the said Costs and Charges within the Time aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company, for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall have so incurred such Costs and Charges, rendering to the said Company the Overplus (if any) after deduding the reasonable Charges of making such Didrefs and Sale to be settled by the said Commissioners j and every or any of the said Owners or Occupiers upon Refusal or Neglect of the said Company to pay the said Costs and Charges as aforesaid, shall and may also have such and the like Remedy against them or any of them for the Recovery thereof by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as in other Cases is by this Act directed.

LXXIX.Provided always, and be it further enacted.Thatif the Ownersor °"nder!(,of Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments through which the said pJ0Wtie(j r‘,j Railway shall be made, do, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter, «rce^ciatcs, apprehend that any of the Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, fid'encyof" and Passages, respectively, which the said Commissioners shall have so tiiofe erected directed or appointed to be made by the said Company, are infudicient ' <~om~ either in their Number or Situation for the commodious Use and Occupation of the respective Lands or Hereditaments through which the said Railway shall pass, then and so often, or in any such Case, it shall be lawful for any such Owner or Occupier, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Company, upon Request made to them or their Clerk, or Treasurer for the Time being, or in case of their Refusal for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Request, then, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, to make, fix, and ered, at their own Costs and Charges, any such other Gates, Arches, Culverts,

Ditches, Drains, or Passages, of the fame or the like Construction or Form with those made and erected by the said Company, in, upon, or near to the said Railway, in such Places as shall be found and adjudged mod necessary and convenient for the better Use, Cultivation, Improvement, or Occupation of such Lands or other Hereditaments, and to repair and support the fame at their own like proper Costs and Charges, as Occasion shall require, so that the Passage through or along the said Railway be not prevented or obstruded thereby for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner than the fame would necessarily have been, if such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages, had been made or erected by the said Company.

LXXX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Owners and Oc- Owners and cupiers of the respective Lands or Grounds through which the said Rail- 10

way shall be made, and his and their Servants and Workmen, Cattle KAiwi.y"3

and

M 43° GEORGII in Cap. 35.

and Carriages, at all Times to pass and repass upon, over, and across such Part of the said Railway as shall be made in and upon their said Lands and Grounds respectively, not damaging or obstructing the fame, or the Passage thereof.

LXXXI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That 0 Ji v"y' the said Company shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, at their own proper Charges, after any Lands shall be taken for the Use of the said Railway, to divide and separate, and keep constantly divided and separated, the fame, from the Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Railway, with good and sufficient Pods, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, or other Fences, and at their own Costs and Charges, from Time to Time maintain and support the said Pods, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, and other Fences, so to be made as aforesaid, in case the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Railway, or any of them reflectively, shall at any Time desire the same to be fenced off, or in case the said Company shall think proper to fence off the fame indead of Gates being erected as aforesaid; and the said Company shall also make and maintain all necessary Gates and Stiles in all such Fences to be made as aforesaid, all such Gates being made to open towards such Lands and Grounds; and then, and in every such Case, the Powers, Provisions, Directions, and Regulations herein-before contained, with respect to Gates and other Works as aforesaid, shall extend and apply, and be applicable to the making and maintaining of such Fences, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Provisions, Directions, and Regulations, were now repeated and re-enacted with respect to such Fences.

Penalty on Persons obstructing the Works.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, malt--ciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, destroy, (leal, or take away,any Part of the said Railway or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief, to obstruct, hinder, or prevent, the carrying on, confpleting, supporting, and maintaining the fame, every Person offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (h II be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny; or otherwise, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witr.effes, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, or the Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not lets than Double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender; or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County of Surrey, or Place where such Offence shall happen, for any Time not exceeding Six

Calendar

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 641

Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices before Whom fucft Offender shall be convicted: Provided, that nothing herein contained (h.'.ll extend to any Owner of Land, or his or her own Agent or Agents, till Satisfaction shall have been tendered as hereby provided.

LXXXIII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ^or knowingly or wilfully lay or place any Sort of Timber or Wood, or any Anno"* Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Coals, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung* Manure, Soil, ance». Rubbish, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Railway, to the Prejudice or Annoyance thereof, or of any Person pairing along the fame, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as other Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be levied, recovered and applied.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons Gates to be opening any Gate set up across the said Railway shall, and he and they is and are hereby required and directed, so soon as he or they, and the Waggons shall Waggon or other Carriage, shall have passed through the fame, to shut and fallen the fame; and every Person neglecting io to do, shall forfeit on Penalty, and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings to be levied and recovered as hereiii-after mentioned; and the Money arising by such Forfeiture or Forfeitures shall be applied in the Manner following; (that is to say), One Half thereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Halt to the Poor of the Township or Parish where such Offence shall be committed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lor is of Ma-Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, and the Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds near to, through, or by which the said Railway onthnrown shall be made, to erect and use any Wharfs, Landing-Places, Cranes, Lands. Weigh-beams, or Warehouses, in or upon his, her, or their respective own proper Lands, Grounds, or Wades, adjoining or near to the said Railway, with necessary Ways and Roads to the fame, and may land any Goods or other Things upon such Wharfs or Landing-Places, and may make and use proper and convenient Places for Waggons or other Carriages to turn in and pass each other, so that the making or using thereof respectively do not obstruct or prejudice the using of the said Railway; and all the Rates which shall be paid for the Use and Benefit of such Wharfs, Landing-Places, Cranes, Weigh-beams, and Warehouses, respectively, shall be subject to the Power herein contained for the said Commissioners to limit, ascertain, and make Regulations of and concerning such Rates of Wharfage, and the same are hereby accordingly veiled in such Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, or the Owner or Owners of such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, who shall make and erect the same as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Uepresentatives, so that the Rates and Powers herein granted to the said Company of Proprietors shall not be thereby reduced, altered, or infringed.

7 Z

642

But if they refuse when required by the Company, the Company may erect the same.

Further Allowance to the Company for Cioods remaining upon their Wharfs a certain Time.

For making Recom pence for Damages

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Lord or Lofds, Owner or Owners, shall not, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after Notice given in Writing to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, by or on the Behalf of the said Company, that any Part of such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, is necessary or proper to be used for the Purpose of making and erecting Wharfs, Landing-Places, Warehouses, and Buildings, for the Use of the said Undertaking, or for making or laying out necessary and convenient Roads, for the Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Railway, make, erect, and lay out, and from Time to Time maintain and keep in good and substantial Repair, such proper and sufficient Wharfs, Landing-Places, Warehouses, Buildings, and Roads, for the Use of the said Railway, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, on the respective Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds described in such Notice, then, and in such Case, the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority, without any Hindrance or Restraint whatsoever, to make Use of any such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes, (not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building stands, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or an Avenue to any House), for erecting or building proper and sufficient Wharfs, Landing-Places, Warehouses, and Buildings, and making and laying out necessary and convenient Roads to and from the said Railway, agreeably to fufh Notice to be delivered as aforesaid, they the said Company of Proprietors, first making Satisfaction for the fame in such Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to other Lands or Grounds which shall be taken or used by the said Company for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Things whatsoever, which shall be carried and conveyed on the said Railway, shall lie or remain upon any Wharfs, Landing Places,'Cranes, Weigh-beams, or Warehouses belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, or to any Person or Persons adjoining or near to the said Railway, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then and in such Case the said Company of Proprietors, dr such other Person or Persons, shall be entitled to receive such reasonable Rates or Allowance, over and above the Rates herein-before authorized to be taken, as shall be agreed upon between the said Company of Proprietors, or their Agent or Agents, or such other Person or Persons, and the Owner or Owners of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Things, and in case of any Dispute concerning the same, it shall be ascertained and adjudged by the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Regulations from Time to Time as they may think fit, for limiting and ascertaining the Rates of Wharfage to be taken by the said Company of Proprietors, and all and every such other Person or Persons, being the Owners of any such Wharfs or Quays as aforesaid.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter any Person or Persons shallfullain any Damage in his, her,or their Lands,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 643

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Property, by reason of the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, and for which no ticuiarly3pr«-Remedy is herein-before provided, then and in every, such Case the videdfw. Recompence or Satisfaction for such Damage shall from Time to Time be settled and ascertained in such Manner as herein-before directed in respect to any other Recompence or Satisfaction herein-befoTe mentioned.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have To compel^ subscribed or who shall hereafter subscribe to advance any Money for or subscription#. towards making and maintaining the said Railway, and the other Works hereby authorized to be made, shall, and they are hereby required, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Parts or Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Committee, under and by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places as shall be directed by the said Company, or the said Committee in Manner before mentioned j and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame at the Time and in the Manner required for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

XC. And be it further enacted, That the said Railway shall not pass upon Railway mail* or be made in or over the Tirnpike Roads under the Care and Management of the Trustees appointed in and by an Act made and passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-jifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stone's End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Suficx, and fveral other Roads therein mentioned; and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, unless the same shall be properly paved with Purbeck Squares, level with the Top of the Railway, for the Space of Two Yards on each Side of the said Railway j and such Pavement shall, at all Times, be kept in Repair by the Proprietors of the said Railway.

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of Proprietors of the intended Railway shall not be liable to pay to the Trustees of the pub- £ payroll* lickTurnpike Roads, any Toll whatever, for any Horse or Carriage.'passing for Horses or along the said Railway, over and across such Parts of the said Roads where cra0rfj;,1geJ]le the fame is intended to be carried for the Purposes of the said Under- Road.8 taking.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures for Recovery of Offences against this Act, or any Rule, Bye Law, or Order, to be made Forfeitures-by the said Company or Committee as aforesaid, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parlies, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand

and

644

Persons ag-

fricved by

(regularity in Distress, to recover spetial Damages.

for more speedy Conviction of Offenders.

Form of Conviction.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $5.

and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant)', and the Overplus, after any such Penalties or Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, thereto remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, ur.less such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satished; and such Penalties and Forfeitures the Application whereof is not herein-before particularly directed, shall go and belong to the said Company, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Farcy or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages in an Actioa upon the Cafe.

XCIV. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act; be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; (videlicet),

‘ 7 dE it remembered, That on the Day of

t0W1' 113 in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the County of Surrey [or Place, as the Case may be, speci-

fying the Offence, and Time and Place, when and where the fame ‘ was committed]. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year

aforesaid.’

XCV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law-or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

r- 43° GEORGII III. Gap. 35.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the said Company, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, may, within Six Calendar Months after such Order or Determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions to be held for the County or Place where such Cause of Appeal shall happen or arise, first giving Ten Days Notice at the lead in Writing of such Intention to appeal to the Parties interested in such Complaint; and the said Justices shall in a summary Way hear and determine the said Appeal at such Session, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County or Place; and, if they fee Cause, may mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and may also order any such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable, and may also order such Costs to be paid to the Party aggrieved by the Party aggressing, as they in their Judgement shall think just and reasonable.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities, or any of the Orders made, given, or directed, in, by, or under this Act, unless One Calendar Month’s previous Notice, in Writing, shall be given by the Person or Persons intending to commence and prosecute such Action, Suit, or Information, to the said Company, or to their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, nor unless such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, for which such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be so brought, commenced, or prosecuted; or in case Damage,or Injury shall be followed up by, or consist of a Continuation or connected Succession of Acts, then within Three Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of such Damage shall cease, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute, or Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere j and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information, shall and may plead the General Issue; and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action, Suit, or Information shall have been brought, commenced, or prosecuted as aforesaid, the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action, Suit, or Information shall have been brought or commenced before or after the respective Times so limited for bringing or commencing the fame, or shall be laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the J ury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants {Lee. {s’ Per.] 8 A shall

645

Appeal.

Limitation ef Actions.

646

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plain tiffs, or if on a Demurrer or otherwise. Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice of it as such without specially pleading the same.

J 1 j*. 1

" *CT J Ul: . ji'M-i,

to 'Knd I, hirf :.j i . J'; i 1o

,:nc.n»A '£ ! 23d 3VC

1 rli <4

'; 1 63 tr. iv: Laiio

au> . bsi! > Vl nob,

aitj itijjt ixsn jr ljitoW itii

L;in ^sbicvtafte ton

jdJ ywrfv

' i >»dv/

; u llii ry

ji si!: Uni; i’j A id 1

>JwM ad;: rfi /.

O’.sii 3v; 1 Ikrfl

nr taol imui

' *0 13!:..! /I . ii.J j , bn ,: . v,

aUif to liudl ,ci 1, K

; I Lis xml: 4*|t Ikdl

A JVfed K*/<1 ft0

' "I >SI,ffl,

U!t,lt v rn( at I ,sVD I'.ul,

II i;ji| hilt; J [f

: )3tlff f ' ft,# jo.

- Mis ..it tvjiiu iul no j.

SCHEDULE

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

647

SCHEDULE

O F

HOUSES AND GARDENS TO BE TAKEN FOR THE PUR. POSES OF THE RAILWAY.

AN old Bark Barn, and a House adjoining, belonging to Ellis Davis's A1 ms Houses in Croydon, and in the Occupation of William Bodkin and Richard Tidy.

An old Shoemaker’s Shop, belonging to William Bodkin and William Geere, in the Occupation of John Balcomb.

An old House at the Tan Yard, now divided into several Tenements, belonging to William Bodkin and William Geere, and are in the Occupation of Frederick French, Thomas Strong, John Cockrell, Richard Lane, and John Grayham.

Also, some Part of the old Buildings, being Part of the Palace of Croydon, belonging to Samuel Starey, and in the Occupation of Samuel Starey and William Lane.

Also, Two Houses, belonging to Mrs. Sarah Bailey, in the Occupation of William Snelling and William Garfon.

Also, a Part of the Anchor Inn, in the Town of Croydon, belonging to William Troughton, and in the Occupation of Henry Palmer.

GARDENS TO PASS THROUGH.

A Garden belonging to Ellis Davis’s Alms-House, on Lease to Mary Lewen, and occupied in small Parcels by John Kemp, John Matthews, Stephen French, James Perry, John Kelley, Simon Lester, Edmund Weller, Mary Lewen, and John Pritchard.

Aifo, the Gun Orchard, belonging to the said Ellis Davis’s Alms-House* in Croydon, on Lease to Mary Lewen, and in the Occupation of Richard Messenger.

Also, the small Gardens and Yards belonging to the Tan Yard Houses, belonging to William Bodkin and William Geere, and in the Occupation of Frederick French, Thomas Strong, John Cockrell, Richard Lane, and John Grayham.

Also, Part of the Tan Yard, belonging to William Bodkin and William Geere, in the Occupation of William Bodkin.

A small

648

4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

A fm.il! Corner of a Garden, belonging to Sarah Harris, and in the Occupation of John Pritchaid.

Also, a small Piece of Garden, belonging to Richard Holmes, in the Occupation of Edmund Weller and John Messenger.

Also, the old Gardens belonging to Samuel Starcy, being Part of the Ground belonging to the old Palace, and now converted into Bleaching Ground.

Also, the Yard and Garden belonging to Sarah Bailey, and in the Occupation of William Snelling and William Garfon.

Aifo, the Corner of a Yard and Garden belonging to Benjamin Hayward, and in the Occupation of Joseph Hayward.

Alio, the back Part of a Garden belonging to Charles Collier, and in his own Occupation.

Also, a fmail Part of a Garden, belonging to Thomas Byron Esquire, and in his own Occupation.

Alio, Part of Two Orchards in the Street at Merftham, belonging to Hylton Jolliffe Esquire, in the Occupation of Jacob Nalh and William Toms.

Alio, One other Orchard, belonging to Nicholas Fekiwick, in his own Occupation.

Also, to cross near the Eid End of a planted Walk or Avenue belonging to Robert Ladbrooke Esquire, in the Occupation of William Brown.

Also, Part of a Garden or Fore Court, belonging to Jof.-ph Cookfey, and in his own Occupation.

Alio, a Garden near the Town of Reigate, belonging to Richard Barns, and in the Occupation of John Briggs.

-‘J - 1 r

- r

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahav,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

NTST;

oluoi J.« n

btkdajjri

nmul 1 b

-aquajQ 3

mailli

Item!

i lOTJOi.i n I r.i' Ul'ii: .

xJ numi3 , V3lL

v ?.Viv*a ailkl bit WK/pnaO adj ni t

r risT srfl <iJ gnij

A4 Of c

: ia*!/o

oO nuifltW

t'c.vsCI z OJ: itir.O A

id att U330 1 y ,n5wsj

>ln4 nd: ’ nl y r. , fsVf

t 01 out- j|-vl bmrlotO iiuOeifti ,o1iA

tnv»J v ' oj rk.'J no ,"( kyoiO ni

-wnnJhKT

Or*' 1 ( ,

iW bn* n«> fiofl rnulfi // i j >: jiti lad

nodT , bnvH Mura. J Jo noil f dvRiO r. 1 !: ,3 UJ

gni^aol i I Y n«T !j £4 ,ol! A

iit inoO 1 ui

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4*4

Cap. 36.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Fourteenth and Thirty-Second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yokcr Bridge, and the Road of Communication between the fame and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde. f17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the 14 Geo. III. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Terms of Two Alts made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the fame relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanark and Renfrew; which was to continue in Force for Twency-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-second 31 Geo. III. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so much of the said first-recited [Lee. & Per.] 8 B Act

650

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Act as relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge was continued for a further Term, and Power was given to repair the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, from the Neighbourhood of Partick by Broomhill and Baljhagry to the Draw- Bridge over the said Canal on the Temple Farm of Garfcube, and thence by Anniejland and Scotftown to the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge near to Blawarihill: And whereas considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising on the said Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and on the Road of Communication between the said Road and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be enlarged, and the Powers thereof, so far as relates to the said Roads, are altered, the Tolls increased, and other Powers granted: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament Additional assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Two additional Trustees. Baillies of the City of Glasgow for the Time being, Alexander Houftoun of Clerkington, Captain James Oswald of the Royal Navy, James Denr.if-ton Younger of Colgrain, Gilbert Hamilton of Glenarbuck, John Mair of Plantation, Walter Logan of Cranjlonhill, John Wilson of Kelvinbank, Robert Bogle of Gilmorehill, John Hamilton of Northpark, Matthew Perflon of Broomhill, and John Dixon Coalmaster at Kntgbtjwood, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Irustees appointed in and by the said recited Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for putting the said Act and also the said recited Act of the Fourteenth Year or the Reign of His present Majesty, and this present Act, in Execution; and they the said Trustees and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Thirty-second Year or the Reign of His present Majesty, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed in and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Power to levy New Tolls.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, in Place of the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by the said recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to demand, levy, and take, or cause to be demanded, levied, and taken the Tolls and Duties following, before any Horse, Mare, Gelding Mule, Afs, Cattle great or small, Coach, Landau, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calalh, Chair, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected upon, or on the Sides of the said Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the said Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, or across 3 any

43° GEORGII III. Cap. ib. 6 5i

! any Lane or Way leading into the fame respectively; That is to say, Ra,e of for every Coach, Landau, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calash, or foll‘ Chair, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Five or Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Threepence Sterling; and drawn by I'wo Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts ot Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse,

Mare, Gelding, Mule, or ether Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling: For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares,

Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draughr, the Sum of Nine-pence Sterling; and for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, except Sledges, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Threepence Sterling; and for every Sledge drawn by one Horse, Mare, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing in a Carriage, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling: For every Afs laden or unladen, and not drawing in a Carriage, the Sum of One Penny Sterling: For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Eightpence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number: For every Drove of Horses or billies unlhod, the Sum of Eightpence Sttrling/irr Score, and I'o in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number: For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or Goats, the Sum of Fourpence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Number: Provided always, That only One Half of the aforesaid respective Tolls and Duties shall be levied for Carriages employed in carrying Dung or other Manure (except Lime) for Lands or Gardens.

III. Provided always, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, Trusteej may or any Five or more of them, with the Consent of Two-Thirds of the Teflen the Creditors in Value who have lent or may lend Money on the Credit of10’1’" the said Tolls, to lessen or reduce all or any of the said Tolls as they may think proper, and to re-assume the levying the whole of the Tolls hereby granted when they shall find it nectfiary; and such Tolls so lessened or reduced shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Carriages of this Act all Carts and Carriages loaded with Stones, shall pay with the

652

Stones shall pay the full Tolls, and other Carriages, if carrying certain Weights, and not upon Wheels of a certain Measure.

Duties to be paid for Carriages »ith Narrow Wheels carrying certain Weights.

Carriages wiih Broad Wheels to pay a

(mailer Toll,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

the full Tolls allowed to be levied by this Act, unless such Stones are for building or repairing the Roads by this Act intended to be made and repaired, or the Bridges thereupon; and that no Waggon, Wain, Or Cart, or other Carriage, shall be entitled to any of the Exemptions from the Pa/ment of Tolls by this Act authorised to be levied, if such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, with the Burden or Loading the rein, shall amount to Twenty Hundred Weight, and the Fellies of the Wheels thereof shall not be ot a flat Surface, and measure Four Inches in Breadth at lead, if drawn by One Horse, and Six Inches if drawn by Two or more I lories, Mares, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught; excepting always the Carriages employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expressfes under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, or in returning bade from conveying the lame, and the Carriages and Waggons attending Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, of conveying wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or their Arms or Baggage, which in no Cafe shall be subject to any of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid.

V. And whereas much Damage is done to the said Roads by Carriages carrying great Weights drawn upon narrow Wheels, and it is reasonable that such Carriages should pay Toll in proportion to their Weight; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, from and after the passing of this Act, levy or cause to be levied, demanded, and taken at the several Turnpike or Turnpikes, Gate or Gates, erected, or to be eretfed across any of the aforesaid Roads, or on the Side or Sides of the fame, before any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall not be of a flat Surface and measure Four Inches in Breadth at least if drawn by One, and Six Inches if drawn by Two or more Horl'es, Mares, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, pass threugh the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Loading the rein, shall amount to Twenty Hundred Weight, and shall not amount to Twenty-five Hundred Weight, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and where the Weight of such Carriage, with the Burden or Loading the rein, shall amount to Twenty-five Hundred Weight, and shall not amount to Thirty Hundred Weight, the Sum ot Ninepence Sterling; and where the Weight of such Carriage, with the Burden or Loading the rein, shall amount to Thirty Hundred Weight, and shall not amount to Thirty-five Hundred Weight, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and where the Weight of such Carriage, with the Burdenor Loading the rein, shall amount to Thirty five Hundred Weight or upwards, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling: Provided always.

That only One Half of the aforesaid respective Tolls and Duties shall be levied for Carriages employed in carrying Dung or other Manure (except Lime) for Lands or Gardens.

VI. And, to encourage the Use of Broad Wheels, be it enacted, That all Waggons, Wains, or Carts, the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall be of a flat Surface and measure Four Inches in Breadth ac lead, if drawn by One, and Six Inches, if drawn by Two or more Horl'es, Mares, Geldings, or other Bealls of Draught, shall pass

through

653

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

through all the Turnpikes or Gates, erected or to be erected on the aforesaid Roads, upon Payment of the Sum of Twopence Sterling; and that all such Carriages employed in carrying Dung or other Manure (except Lime) for Lands or Gardens, shall pal’s Toll free.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Trustees may the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them at a General Meeting bl?rr0J(,jjfr‘ assembled, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, at any [jonai Sums. Time after the Pasting of this Act, to borrow any Sum or Sums of

Money not exceeding the Sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Sterling, at an Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Credit of the Tolls by this Act authorized to be levied and collected; which Sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds Sterling shall be over and above, and in Addition to the respective Sums allowed to be borrowed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty for the Use of the said Roads respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies that shall be Money to be raised by virtue of this Act shall from Time to Time be applied by applied for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in defraying the [jj® Ro*d°s> necessary Charges attending the putting this Act and the said in part

recited Act in Execution, and in the Re payment of the Principal Monies borrowed and to be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, and the Interest, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever excepting the Payment of the Expences of procuring and passing this Act as after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Tacksman or Collector of Collectorj the Tolls at any Turnpike Gate on the said Roads shall compound or jowmToIU take a lower Rate of Toll Duty than what is granted by this Act, or as without Con-shall be fixed by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, under lent of the

a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Trustees. Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Hoofes, Sec. Act no Houses shall be built or rebuilt, or any Building erected within bjiitVhhio the Distance of Six Feet from the Sides of the said Roads, or the Foot- peet of paths on the Sides thereof, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling the Sides of for every Offence, and the Expence of demolishing such House or Build-,he Roa<f ing; and any one Justice of the Peace of the County where such House or Building shall be situated is hereby authorized to flop the Erection of such Houses or Buildings within the aforesaid Distance from the Sides of the said Roads or Foot-paths; and if any House or Building shall be erected hereafter, whether upon an old or new Foundation, within the Distance aforesaid, any Two Justices of the Peace of the County where the said House or Building shall be situated, upon Application made to them by any One of the Trustees, and upon Proof being given that the said House or Building is within the Distance aforesaid, may order such House or Building to be pulled down and removed ac the Expence of the Ereftor, or of the Occupier of the Ground on which 1 Loc.&Per.) 8 C the

654 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

the fame shall (land, and grant Warrant for levying the fame by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Effects, in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and shall, out of the Monies arising from the Tolls, to be levied by them on the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, keep in Repair that Part of the Old Road from Clayjlap, by the Old Bridge of Partick, to the function of the fame with the present Road at the Brewflerburn near Partick.

Persons frid-

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, ing or d’riv- after the passing of this Act, ride or drive any Carriage, or Cattle or ingCarriages Sheep, on the Foot-Paths along the said Roads, or break or destroy on the foot any p0fts or Boards to be set up by order of the Trustees, with Notices prohibiting Persons from riding or driving any Carriages, or Cactle, or Sheep on the said Foot-paths, or destroy or throw down the Ledges of any Bridges on the said Roads, or the Cape Stones, or any Part of the Walls along the fame, or pull up or destroy the Fences or Pailings on the Sides of the said Roads, or shall interrupt the weighing of Carriages, or injure or damage the Weighing Machines on the said Roads, or shall carry along them upon any Carriage any Timber, Iron, or other Article projecting beyond the Breadth of such Carriage, or shall lay Dung, Lime, or any other Matter for manuring Land, or any other Purpose, on the said Roads, or within Five Yards of the Sides of the fame, every Person offending in any of those Particulars, and being thereof convicted by the Confession of the Party, or the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Counties of Lanark, Renfrew, or Dunbarton respectively, shall be liable to pay the whole Damage and Expences thereby futtained and occasioned, and shall also for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling; and the said Justice or Justices shall have Power, upon Non-payment of such Penalty, to commit the Offender or Offenders to Gaol, for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days.

she former°r

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Acts extend-Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures granted by and contained in the ed to this said Acts passed in the Fourteenth and Thirty-second Years of His pre-

Aa> lent Majesty's Reign, in as far as the same are not altered by this present Att, shall continue and be exercised by the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and by this Act, during the Term hereby granted.

Purchasein^

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case any Lands, Houses, or any Money of other Premises, taken or uled for the Purposes of this Act, or to which Lands, &c. Damage shall be done in the Execution of the fame, are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-rents, Annuities, Jointures, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Women, Infant, Lunatic, or any Person or Persons under any ocher Disability or Incapacity,

Paths, &c. subjected to Penalties.

Part of the Old Roads may be kept in Repair.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 36. 655

pacity, the Purchase Money or Recompence Money to be paid for the lame, if exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, shall be laid out and inverted, by the Authority and under the Direction of the Court of Session, in the Purchase of other Lands, Houses, or Premises of the like Nature; and the Rights, Titles, and Securities thereof shall be devised and taken to the same Person or Persons, and to the lame Series of Heirs, and for the Benefit of the same Person or Persons, and for the same Uses and Purposes, and under the lame Conditions, Provisions, and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in the Title Deeds of the Lands, Houses, or other Premises, taken, used, or damaged for the Purposes of this Act, or such of them as shall be then existing or capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, until such Purchase can be made, such Money shall, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, at the highest Rate of Interest that can be obtained for the fame; and such Interest arising upon all Sums that shall exceed Twenty Pounds, and shall not amount to One hundred Pounds, shall go and be applied to or for the Use of the respective Person or Persons who would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Houses, or other Premises to be purchased with such Money, in case such Purchase had actually been made and completed \ but if the Money so paid into the Bank of Scotland shall amount to One hundred Pounds or more, then and in that Cafe, the Interest arising thereon shall annually be accumulated, and added to the Principal Sum itself, to carry Interest together until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found, and shall be approved of by the said Court of Session j and it shall be lawful to and for the said Court to make such Order or Orders in a summary Way, touching the Payment or Application of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, and the Interest that may from Time to Time arile thereon, as the said Court shall think fit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of procuring and Expence of passing this Act shall be paid out of the Money borrowed on the Cre- this Act, how dit of the said Toils and Duties, or out of the Tolls and Duties levied to be Pa*d' by virtue of the said former Acts and of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken ^ub'ic Act. Nonce of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomso-

ever, without specially pleading the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Terms granted by the Commence-said Acts shall be repealed, and the Powers by this Act given and grant- e,u and ed shall commence from and after the passing of the fame, and shall , continue from thenceforth during the Term of Twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1803.

r Vo (flu i -"jarEi

jj.j iuftat!' >a ^WfiiWini hfijf spo

Tj «t jji a w: >t.‘ i»-l i orb lt>

atf sdj aoV

! ' i - u'j ),"- o

t- ' 0 - j 'i :.si*.i U-» sqsa no -.ijif..' ilj

,> 3‘jj '>.

:) 3d |jf jfl j siii

/iiisj-d Jftul' I :i let

- ,u» £i'i -.v: > '.

> v ic f'v, )

y*i C/ t '.! ori- ~<t 1 :tJ /; «1 ill t . ' ,</%*/ l W1 ftilrrt y» . j>oo'

‘' i'*1 i m i a, «-»«

}ipy. <iw

*.t i; t 9£tr. frrrcj W.rfl ti*

j i J y, i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 37.

An A<fl for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and improving the Borough of King sLynn^ in the County of Norfolk; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday and Bead; Markets within more convenient Parts of the said Borough.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS the Street*, Lanes, publick Passages, and Ways, within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and many of such Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Ways, are narrow and incommodious: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of all Persons retorting thereto, if the said Streets, Lanes, publick Passages, and Ways, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, were removed, and if Provision were made for preventing the like in future, and if a new and commodious Road or Carriage Way were made from the South Gates of the Borough aforesaid, into a Street called Saint James's Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, within the said Borough: And whereas the Provisions contained in an Act made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years £Loc. & Per.2 8 D of

658

Repeal of Pai t of the Work-house Art, i* md 1.5

William 3.

Nomination of Comm.f-sioners.

Repeal of Part of the Act u

and 13 William 3.

Provision for the Election of future Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled. An

Ail for ertiling Hospitals and Workhouses within the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Boor there, for lighting the Market Places, Streets, publick Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Borough, are inefficient for such Purpose, and it is expedient that such Privisions should be repealed: And whereas it would be of Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, if Provfion were made for holding the Saturday Market and the Beast Markets of the said Borough respectively, in some more convenient Part or Parts of the said Borough: But as the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the said Bon.ugh for the Time being, the Representatives of the said Borough in Parliament for the Time being, Stephen Allen Clerk, 'Thomas Audley, Thomas Philip Bagge, William Bcgge, Samuel Baker, George Bailey, John Bnk-betk, Thomas Blackburne, "John Prefcolt Bleucoive, 7homas Brame, Thomas Cooper, John Dixon, John Edwards, Edward Edwards Clerk, George Edwards, Chari s Elfdert Scarlet Ei'erard, Thomas Gales, Harvey Goodwin, Robert Green, Samuel tladley, Thomas Hankinson, Robert Hankinson Clerk, George Hawkins, lfaguty Hcdley, George Hogg, George Hogg the younger, William Lake, Samuel Lane, Joseph Lawrence, Jchnfon Lee, Samite. Newham, Charles Newman, Thomas Oxley, George Peek, Lionel Self, John Stcckdale the younger, William Swatman, James Bramall Toofey, and Robert Whin cop, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erefling Hospitals and Workhouses within the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County of Nortolk, for the belter employing and maintaining the Poor there, as relates to the lighting of the said Borough, or any of the Market Places, Streets, publick Lanes, Passages or Places therein, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the said Commissioners herein-belore named, or to be deified in Manner

herein-astir mentioned, (tave and except Inch several Persons as ate herein declared to be Commissioners by reason of their being Reprtfcntatives for the said Borough, or by virtue of their respective Offices as aforesaid), shall die, or reiufe to act in the Execution of this Act, or shall remove cut of the said Borough to dwell for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months together, or shall be elected a Representative in Parliament for the said Borough, or appointed to any Office, by virtue of which he shall become a Commissioner under this Act, (such Death, Refusal, or Removal, Eieftion or Appointment, being declared at a Meeting of the said Commissioners), then and in any one of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, at any of their Meetings, to elect and appoint (by Ballot) such other Per-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 659

son, being an Inhabitant of and residenr in the said Borough, to be a Commissioner in the place of each Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, or rrliding out of the said Borough as aforesaid, or being so elected a Representative in Parliament for the said Borough, or appointed to such Office as aforesaid, as they shall think fit , and each and every such Per-lbn so eltfted a Commissioner, shall, from and after his Election, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, as if he had been particularly named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons herein no- if Commis-minated of to be ekfted a* Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, "euor^ (have and except the Representatives for the said Borough for the Time ,2 Calendar being, and such several Persons as are herein nominated Commissioners by Month*, virtue of their respective Offices as aforesaid), shall neglect to act in the Execution of this Act during the Space of Twelve Calendar Months,

then and in every such Case, such Neglect shall be and be deemed to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be qua- Qualification lifted to act, or be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution fone°mnul" of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife,

in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, betides Reprizes and Incumbrances, or shall be Heir Apparent to fume Person having fu.h Ellate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, besides Reprizes and Incumbrances, or shall be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Ellate to the Amount or Value of Two thoul'and Pounds; and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered on the Information of any Person or Persons whomsoever, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill,

Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof on Behalf of the Plaintiff, than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Acc; and the Money so to be recovered shall, after Payment of the Coils and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, be paid. One Moiety to the Informer or Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable’of aft- Commissioning as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, (except in appointing b*rr. the First Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, in case the fame

shall not be holden on the Day herein appointed, and in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned to the other Commissioners), until he shall have taken an Oath, or, being One of the People called Quakers, have made a solemn Affirmation before One or more of the said Commissioners at a Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, (which Oath

66o

Oath of Affirmation.

Commissioners not to ait where interfiled.

Commission-trs Meeting?.

43° GEORGII m.: Cdp. 37.

Outh or Affirmation any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer); and such Oath or Affirmation shall be in the Words following:

I A.B. do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, I /IB.

do solemnjy affirm] that I am duly qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-third

Year of the Feign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

/In AT, (Ac. [here set forth the ‘Title of the Ml], according to the Provisions and Directions of the said Act, and that I will aft truly and im-‘ partially, according to the belt.tf my Ski 1 and Judgement, in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Cornu issioner ‘ in and by the said Act of Parliament.

'So help me GOD.’

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, during such Time as he shall hold any Office or Place of Profit under the said Commissioners, or during such Time as he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contraft or Work to be performed or done under any of the Powers cf this Act, or in any Matter wherein he shall be in anywise personally or beneficially inrerelttd, (except as a Creditor on the Rates or Assessments herein directed to be made, levied, and collected), but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Piace for the said Borough, to act aS such in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, except onlyin Cases wherein they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to meet on the Third Monday after the passing of this Act, at the Guildhall of the said Borough, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and shall and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the Guildhall aforesaid, or at any other convenient Place within the said Borough, between the Hours aforesaid, for the Purpose of proceeding in the Execution of this Act; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at the First or at any future Meeting of the said Commissioners appointed to be holder, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act or to adjourn to another Da-, (Three Commissioners to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if ihe laid Commissioners shall refuse or neglect losdjmrp, or shall adjourn, and it shall be deemed nrcefiary that a Meeting of the said Commissionets should be holden on an earlier Day than the' Day to which loch Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Ca'e, any Five or more of the said Commissioners, or the Clerk, lor the Time being to the said Commissi riers, shall and may call a Meeting to be holden on such Day, (bewcen the Hours aforesaid), by Notice inwriting, signed by the Commissioners, so calling such Meeting, or by the said Clerk, and affixed on the outward Doors of the Guildhall and" Market Cross within the said Borough, Seven Days at lealt previous-to the Day of holding such Meeting as they or he shall think proper; and that at all Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the said Comniif-

"fiohers shall defray their own Expences.

" qc bns OtttD 01 f-5mil:; - . r.in-.'? D'i.1 sni 01 bn*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Commissioners shall be good, valid, or effectual, unless done at fotne publick Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, (except as may be herein excepted); and that all Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or inverted in the said Commissioners, shall and may, from Time to Time, he exercised by the major Part of them present at such Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than Five, and all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all the said Commissioners for the Time being, (save and except as may be herein excepted) j and at every such Meeting of the said Commissioners, the Mayor of the said Borough (if present) shall be Chairman of such Meeting, and in case of his Absence the Deputy Mayor (if present) shall be Chairman; and if neither the Mayor or Deputy Mayor shall be present, then and in every such Case One other of the said Commissioners (to be appointed by the Majority present) shall be the Chairman; and that when and as often as it shall happen that there shall be an equal Number of Votes upon any Question, (including the Chairman’s Vote), the Chairman shall have the decisive or carting Vote.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at some Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by the Commissioners desiring such Revocation or Alteration, be affixed on the several outer Doors of the Guildhall and Market Cross within the said Borough, Seven Days at the lead previous to the Day of holding such Meeting, nor unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend at such Meeting, to revoke or alter such Order, than were present when the fame was made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to meet on the Third Thursday in the Month of January yearly, at the Guildhall of and within the said Borough of King’s Lynn \ and that at such General annual Meeting the Accounts of all Monies received and paid from Time to Time, by virtue or in Execution of this Act, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be produced and dated to the said Commissioners.

XII. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be made (in a Book or Books to be provided for thac Purpose) of all the Acts, Orders, Regulations, Directions, and Noceedings of the said Commissioners, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings, and such Entries shall be signed or subscribed by the Name of the Chairman of each respective Meeting, and being so ligned or subscribed, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, to elect and ap-

QLer. & Per.] 8 E point

66i

No Act valid only at a

Meeting.

No Order to be revoked unless a greater Number of Commissioners present than made the Order.

Provision for General annual Meeting of the Commissionen.

Entry of Commissioners Proceedings.

For Appointment ot Officers.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

point a Treasurer and a Clerk, and also One or more AfifdTor or Afief-lors, Collector or Cdllefto'S, Receiver or Receivers, of the Rates or A!, feffmenrs to be raised and levied by v,rtue of this Act, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such or so many other Officers as they shall find ne-ceffiary for the Execution of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall take from every such Treasurer, Collector, and Receiver, such Security as they shall think proper, for the due Execution of his Office; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commifli iners from Tune to Time to remove, suspend, or displace all or any of such Officers as they shall see Occasion, and appoint another or others in the Room or Place of such of them as shall be so removed, suspended, or displaced, and ailo in the Roon of such as shall die or resign their respective Offices, and also from Time to Time, by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, to appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances, to the respective Officers, and to all other Persons who shall be empl >yed by them the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, as the y shall judge reasonable or proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall under their Mands, at such Time and Times, and in (rich Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect A'counts in Writing of all Matters and filings committed to their Cha'ge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies \vh ch shall have been by such Officers and Persons reCpcciivrly received by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath or have been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments and D.fburfements, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hinds to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same j and all the said Officers and Persons reflectively shall, on the Third Thursday in the Month of January yearly, (although not thereunto required by the said ConTmi(fiuners), lay their respective Accounts before the said Cemm.ffioners, in order that the fame may be audiccd, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers and Persons respectively so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath, verify their said respective Accounts; and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners reflecting the fame, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies, as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against: the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Books, Papers, arid Writings, and also of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, of by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that

» * Purpose,

4-3? GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 663

Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the Town, County, or Place, wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing shall reside or be, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be apprehended, and upon his or their appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the Goods or Chattels distrained, or if it shall in Manner aforesaid appear to such Justice that such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall have refuled or neglected to render or give such Account or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings as aforesaid, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons, and that he or they shall have neglected or refuftd to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice shall commit every such Offender so appearing or when found to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Com. position in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Receiver of Fo^ppomt-the Monies to be levied by virtue of this Act, shall die or become in- officers occa-capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, it shall and may be lawful fionaiiy in to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, though or'inopacity. not assembled at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, ta appoint another Person to be Collector or Receiver of the lame Monies, until a Collector or Receiver shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Commissioner for the said Commissioners to enter into any Contract or Contracts for "y v"turac paving, flagging, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the several Market

Places, Streets, Bridges, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Borough, or any of them, or for furnishing Materials, or any other Matters or necessary Things whatsoever, or for any other the Purposes of

this

664 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

this Act; but before any such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into. Seven Days Notice at the lead shall be given in some publick Newspaper circulated in the said County of Norfolk, expressing the Purpose or Pur, puffs of such Contract or Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Contrador for the due Performance of his or her Contract.

Contrattinot

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no such Contract or Contract* into'or'more A13'! he deemed good or valid, if the same shall have been made for a th.n Three longer Space or Term than Three Years from the Time of entering into YeirI' such Contract or Contracts.

Commissioners may compound with Persons for Breach of Contrails.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons on Account of any Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby. A

Contraftstobe

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Contract or Con-Commi^o'n- tr3Ct* shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be m, received or paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said

Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Nonperformance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and also by the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively; which Contract or Contracts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the Commissioners.

Pavements,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the present and future Pave-the Commif- ment* *n t*ie several Market Places, Streets, Lanes, and other publick sioners. Passages and Places, and in, upon, or over the publick Bridges within the said Borough, and the Stones, Gravel, and other Materials, of which as well the Footways as Carriage Ways of such Market Places, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages, Places, and Bridges, do and shall consist, and also all the Dirt, Dust, Dung, Allies, and other Filth, to be swept, gathered, and collected in or from those Places, or any of them i and all the Soil, Dung, Manure, Dirt, Allies, Cinders, and other Filth, which shall arise or be made in any of the Dwelling Houses or other Buildings or Places within the said Borough (except as is herein-after excepted), and also all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Ports, Watch Boxes, Watch Houses, and other Houses and Buildings which shall be erected or fixed up by virtue of this Act, and all Materials, Implements, and other Things which shall be purchased or provided by the said Commissioners {or the Purposes of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of, and are hereby verted in the said Commissioners and the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Biils of Indictment (as the Cat may require) against any

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 665

any Person or Persons who shall (teal, take, or carry away, detain, spoil* injure, or destroy, the several Articles and Things hereby vested in-thetn_. the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Park thereof? and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, jc shall be sufficient to (fate generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought,- or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are t^e Property of the Commissioners for the Improvement of the Borough of King's Lynn, without particularly naming such Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority, from Tim? to Time, to fell. and dispose of, for the Purposes of this Act, all or any of the find Articles1 and Things, or any Part-or Pans of the fame respectively, to such Person. ot Persons, and in such Manner, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper , and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, injure, destroy, or otherwise damage any of the Articles or Things hereby vested in them the said Commissioners, or any of the W'>rks done by them-in pursuance of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That during the Time any Market, where Mite-Street, Bridge, Lane, Passage, or Place shall be new paving, flagging, !ig ,yPbeV" or repairing, or any of the Grates, Drains, or other Sewers therein shall lodged.

be altering or repairing, the said Commissioners shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Market,

Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, or Markets, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, according to their Discretion, as also to stop the Way through that or any adjacent Highway, Street, Lane, Paffige, or Place, so long as they shall judge necessary; and all Persons acting under the Direction as aforesaid are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Action whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Parlours and and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to appoint such and ^p'p', Tnted° so many Paviours, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and others', Horsestobe and also to purchase any Horses, Carts, Tools, and Implements as Purchase<l. they shall judge necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Land to be have fpll Power to purchase or rent Lands, so that no Leaie be made for Hepofitingfor a longer Time than Seven Years, for depofiring of Stone and other Ma- Materials, terials for the several Purposes of this Act, and for depositing Soil, A.thes,

Cinders, and Rubbish; and the Purchase Money or Rent thereof shall be

paid out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, and the Property

thereof shall be and is hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the

Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and ;mav be lawful to PowerforCom-

and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and re- avc°iheS to

quired from Time to Time, to ciufe the several Market places, Streets, Streets, &c.

Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, and the several publick

Bridges already made or hereafter to be made within the said Barough,

[Lee. fs" Per.J 8 F or

666 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

or any Part or Parts thereof, as well in the Carriage as Footways,' to be new paved, flagged, repaired, and amended, and the Pavements and Flagging thereof to be taken up and relaid, and the Ground thereof to be raised, lowered, or altered, from Time to Time, in such Manner and with such Materials as they shall think fit, and to cause to be cut or made in, through, over, or under any of the said Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, any new Bridges, Tunnels, Gutters, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses, for conveying the Water from the same respectively; and also to cause any of the present Gutters, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, to be flopped up, or opened or widened, and the Form thereof to be altered, turned, varied, or changed, in such Manner as they shall think fit; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to take up, remove, or cause to be taken up and removed, all or any Polls, Rails, Pales, or Trees, in such Markets, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or on the said Bridges, or any of them, as they the said Commissioners shall judge useless, or to be a Nuisance or Obstruction either to Foot Passengers, and all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, who was or were before the passing of this Act liable to repair and maintain the aforesaid present Pavements, Gutters, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, or any of them, shall from henceforth be exonerated and discharged from repairing and maintaining the same.

Repair of

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein

Bridges. contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to compel or

oblige the said Commissioners to repair or maintain, or support any Part or Parts of the present Bridges within or belonging to the said Borough, or of any of them (save and except the Pavements upon or over the fame respectively), but that each and every such Bridge shall be repaired, maintained, and supported by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, as would be subject and liable to repair, maintain, and support the fame respectively, in case this Act had not been made.

Pavement not

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall without"c'on- at any Time take up the said Pavements and Flagging, or any Part of sent of Com- the fame respectively, or make or cause to be made any Alteration in any imifioners- Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourlr, in any Market

Place, Street, Lane, publick Passage, or Place, in the said- Borough, or in, upon, or over any of the publick Bridges, without the previous Content in Writing of the said Commissioners, every such Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case the Person or Persons so taking up any such Pavement or Flagging, or any Part of the fame respectively, or any such Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse, shall not, within Seven Days after Notice in Writing by the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, given to or left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, cause the fame Pavement and Flaggipg respectively, which shall have been so taken up to be reinstated, and the Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse so altered, to be put into its former State, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor to the said Commissioners to cause the fame respectively to be so done, the Costs and Charges whereof shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons who shall have taken up or altered such

Pavement

667

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Pavement or Flagging, Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, and Watef-course, or any Part thereof respectively; and in case of Nonpayment thereof on Demand, such Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and power for may be lawful to and for the Owners or Proprietors for the Time being

of the publick Water Works within the said Borough, or their Leflre or to Up Lefties, and also for any other Person or Persons who shall or may have p-ivr"'c£'to any Pipe or Pipes for conveying Water from any publick Main Pipe or pfp£, other Water Works, to take up any Part of the Pavement or Flagging within any of the said Market Places, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, whenever it shall be found necessary for the Purpose of repairing or laying down any such Water Pipe, such Owners or Proprietors, and other Persons respectively first causing Notice to be given to or left at the House of the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, of their Intention to take up such Pavement or Flagging for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said Surveyor shall cause such Pavement and Flagging to be properly relaid and repaired, as soon as the Work for which the same shall have been taken up shall be completedand all the Costs, Charges and Expences attending the relaying and repairing thereof, shall be reimbursed to the said Commissioners by the Person or Persons who shall have caused such Pavement and Flagging respectively to have been taken up as aforesaid; and in Default of Payment thereof, within the Space of Seven Days next after Notice in Writing, specifying the Amount of such Costs, Charges, and Expences left by the Surveyor to the said Commissioners at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of the Chamberlain for the Time being of the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough (if such Pavement and Flagging shall have been taken up by their Order or on their Account), or at the Dwelling House or last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons, at whole Desire or on whose Account such Pavement or Flagging shall have been taken up, then and in every such Case, such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful povver for to and for the said ^Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to Commission-describe and determine the Limits and Extent of the several Streets, she Street"' Lanes, publick Passages, and Places, within the said Borough, in such and number Manner as they shall think proper, and shall and may cause to be placed the Doors>sf‘ on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, at or near the

End or Corner of every such Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place, the Name by which such Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place, is usually or properly, or shall thereafter be called or known; and may order and direct the several Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and Buildings, within the said Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, or any of them, to be numbered with Figures placed or painted on the Door of every such House,

Shop, Warehouse, or Building, or such other Part thereof as the said. Commissioners shall think proper; and if any Person shall wilfully destroy, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Per-.

668

Penalty on Owners not restoring Numbers.

Commissioners may direct the Streets to be cleanled.

Scavengers

Duty*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Ton so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to authorize the said Commissioners to interfere with the Power by this Act given to the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, or his Deputy, to ascertain the Limits of either of the publick Market Places of the said Borough, in case of any Dispute or Question in that Respect.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any such Number or Numbers painted or put on any House, Tenement, or other Premises within the said Borough, shall be defaced or rubbed out, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such House, Tenement, or other Premises where the Number or Numbers shall have been so defaced or rubbed out, shall, upon personal Notice given to him, her, or them, or upon Notice in Writing, less at such House, Tenement, or other Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, cauie the fame Number or Numbers to be in the fame or like Manner painted or put on such House, Tenement, or other Premises, within Seven Days after such Notice; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Order, every such Owner or Occupier shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons, and to purchase any Cart or Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, and also any Horse or Horses, for the Purpose of cleaning the several Streets, Markets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Borough, and of carrying away the Dutf, Dirt, Filth, Rubbish, Cinders, or Allies from any House or Houses, or other Premises within the same, or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to contract with any Person or Persons for cleansing the fame, and for carrying away the Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes from any House or Houses, or other Premises within the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons employed by or contradting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the several Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages, and Places within the said Borough, or the Person or Persons employed by, or acting under the Direction of such Person or Persons so contradting with the said Commissioners, shall Twice in every Week (chat is to say), on every Wednesday and Saturday, between such Hours of those respective Days, and also on such other Days, and at or between such Hours as the Commissioners aforesaid shall from Time to Time appoint, sweep and collect together all Dirt, Dust, Filth, or Rubbish in such Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages, and Places, and shall also bring or cause to be brought a Cart or other proper Carriage into such Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages, and Places, where such Cart or other Carriage can pal’s, and shall at his or their Approach with such Cart or other Carriage, and not before, by Sound of Bell, Voice, or otherwise, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his or their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court, Passage or Place, into which such Cart or Carriage cannot pat's, and such Person or Persons aforesaid shall immediately take the Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders, Allies, and other Filth (except Filth from any Privy or

2 Necessary

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 669

Necessary House), from the respective Premises in such several Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages, and Places, and put the fame into such Cart or Carriage; all which Dull, Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders,

Allies, and Filth, (except as aforesaid), as well as all such Dull, Dirt,

Dung, Allies, and other Filth, as shall be swept up and collected together as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall then immediately, or as soon as may be, carry away, or cause to be carried away to the Place or Places appointed for depositing the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Offence or Neglect therein; and the Person or Persons so employed as aforesaid, shall cause the Words Scavenger's Cart, to be painted in large Roman Letters on the Fronc or on fame other conspicuous Parc of every Cart or Carriage used for the Purposes aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein; and if any such Person so employed as aforesaid, shall sweep or throw any Dull, Dirt, Ashes, or Filth, into any Creek, Fleet, Drain, Sewer, Sink, or Watercourse, within the said Borough, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who- For prevent-soever shall throw, calf, or lay, or cause to be thrown, call, or laid, any f"fmthr"w-Dulf, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Allies, or other Filth whatsoever, ingPirtinto into any Market Place, Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place,

within the said Borough, (except the Dud, Dirt, Allies, and Filch, to be collected and put together, and placed as aforesaid, and except as is next herein-after mentioned), every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, or if any Person or Persons whosoever shall throw or call any such Dull,

Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Allies, or other Filth or Thing whatsoever, into any Creek, Fleet, Sewer, Drain, Sink, or Watercourse, under the Direction of the said Commissioners within the said Borough, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Penalty not ta

tained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to subject any Person R^.h^Ihoi-whomsoever to any Penalty by this Act inflicted, for or on Account of any Dirt occa-Rubbish or Dirt being laidor placed in any such Market Place, Street, Lane, '

publick Passage or Place as aforesaid, occasioned by the building, pul- rep iring ling down, altering, or repairing his or her House or other Building, so Houses.

as there be full and sufficient Space, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners or of their Surveyor for the Time being, left in or at the Side of the Market Place, Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place, where such Rubbish or Dirt shall lie or be placed, for Carriages to pals and repass, and a sufficient Way kept clean for Foot Passengers, by the Person or Persons laying or causing such Rubbish or Dirt to be laid or placed, and so as a sufficient Light be at his, her, or their own Expence, let and maintained, at the Place where such Rubbish or Dirt shall be so laid or placed, from Sun-let to Sunrise, to prevent any Mischief happening to Passengers or Cattle, and so as the fame be inclosed and fenced about in such Manner and within such Time as the said Commissioners shall, by any Notice to be by their Order given to or less with such Person or Persons, direct and appoint, and so as such Rubbish or Dirt be removed at the Expence [Loc. &T Per.] 8 G of

670

No Person but a Scavenger to remove any Dirt, Dust,&r.

Persons to be at Liberty to keep or <lif-pose or Dull) etc. for their ov.n UTe.

Diregion for

Iweeping

Footways.

Proviilon for lighting the Streets, fife.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

of the Person or Persons so laying or causing the same to be laid within a Time to be expressed in a Notice to be in like Manner given by the said Commissioners.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever, other than the Person or Persons employed by or contracting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the several Market Places, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places within the said Borough, or the Person or Persons employed by or acting under the Direction of the Person or Persons so contracting as aforesaid, shall take or carry away, or cause to be taken or carried away, any Dirt, Dull, Dung, Ashes, or other Filth, out of any such Market Places, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to prevent any Person or Persons from preferring and keeping any Soil, Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ashes, Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, which shall have arisen or have been made within his, her, or their Houses, Yards, or other Premises, or otherwise disposing of the fame for his, her, or their own Use and Benefit, so as such Soil, Dirt, Dust, Cinders, Dung, Ashes, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, be not laid down or placed in any Market Place, Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place, within the said Borough, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for loading and carrying away the fame, nor be suffered to remain so as to be any Annoyance to any of the Inhabitants of the said Borough; but in case any Person or Persons so reserving such Soil, Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ashes, Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, shall thereby annoy any of the said Inhabitants, or shall permit or suffer the same to remain in any such Market Place, Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place, for any longer Time than from Sunrife to Sunset before the same shall be carried away or removed, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day that such Annoyance shall be suffered to remain after the Time limited as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Occupiers of Houses or other Buildings in the several Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, within the said Borough, shall and they are hereby requited to cause to be well and sufficiently swept and cleansed the Footways or Foot Pavements before, behind, and at the Sides of their respective Houses or other Buildings, (as the Situation thereof shall require), every Morning in the Year, between the Hours of Six and Ten of the Clock, upon Pain of forfeiting ard paying fer every Neglect therein, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may,be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, and at any Time or Times hereafter, to purchase and provide such and so many Glass Lamps, of such Soits and Sizes, and also such and so many Lamp Irons and Lamp Polls, as they

671

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

shall judge necessary, and to direct the same to be affixed or set up upon or against the Walls or Palisadoes of all or any of the several Houses,

Buildings, or Bridges, or upon or against any other Walls, or in or upon such other Places within the said Borough, and to be altered, taken down, or renewed, in such Manner as they shall think fit, and to cause such Lamps, or any of them, to be lighted at such Seasons of the Year, on such Evenings, and in such Hours of thg Evening, and to be kept burning for so many Hours as shall to them seem necessary or proper, for the well and sufficiently lighting of all or any of the said Market Places,

Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, within the said Borough,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty for shall wilfully take away, break, throw down, displace, or damage any ^LampsT*5* Lamp or Lamps already set up or that shall be let up by virtue of this Act,

by Order of the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, cr their own Expence, for the Purpose of lighting any of the said Market Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages or Places, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or shall thrown down or damage the Polls, Irons, Cover, or other Furniture of any such Lamp, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall lee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons whomsoever to a (lift in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Watchman or of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, and such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted, either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, then and in every such case he, she, and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and shall moreover pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be deemed by such Justice to be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so by him, her, or them, done as aforesaid 5 and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said Borough, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, (lie, or they, shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Sathf.flion in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally Damage to'* break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps hung out or fee up Lamps, etc. by Order of the said Commissioners, or by any Person or Persons at his,

her, or their private Expence, or the Polls, Irons, Covers, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately upon Demand make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough,

upon

67! 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

«p6n Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as aforesaid; and upon hearing the Allegation and Proofs on both Sides, or Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction to the Paid Commissioners, or to the other Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps, as the Case shall be, for such Damages, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within Five Days after Demand, ic shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be levied and applied, as any Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, are by this Act directed to be levied and applied.

Power for

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Commissioners shall erTto appoint and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, to appoint such Num-Watchmen. ber of able-bodied Men as they shall judge proper, to be employed as Watchmen within the said Borough during the Night Time, under such Regulations, and subject to such Orders as the said Commissioners shall make and give from Time to Time in that Behalf, and to provide proper Watch Houses, Watch Boxes, or Places, for the Reception of such Watchmen, and for the safe Custody of such Persons as may be apprehended by such Watchmen while on Duty; and to pay such Watcnmen reasonable Wages or Allowances; and alfu to appoint One or more fit Person or Persons in the Stead of any Watchman or Watchmen who shall die, or who shall be discharged from his or their Office for Neglect of Duty or other Misbehaviour in Office; and alfu to impole, from Time to Time, any Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings, on any Watchman or Watchmen for every such Neglect or other Mifoehaviour, (such Fine to be deduded out of the Wages of such Watchman or Watchmen), and from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations as they the said Commissioners shall judge expedient, for the better Government of the Watchmen to be so appointed, and to repeal such Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and to substitute others; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Watchmen, and they are hereby required in their respective Stations, to apprehend and secure in Come proper Place or Places of Security, to be for that Purpose appointed within the said Borough, all Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and Disturbers of the publick Peace, and all fufp&fted Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to conduct all such Persons as soon as conveniently may be, before fume Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

Watchmen!

Duty.

vi-tuafier"

XL. And be further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of hartxnirh'.g any Publick House shall knowingly harbour or entertain, or suffer to re-

watchmen main in his or her Publick House, any Watchman of the said Borough

wimeon uty. as aforesaid, during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Viiftualler or Keeper shall, on Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, and for the Second and every other Offence of the same Kind, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shilling'.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 673

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and power to re-for the said Commissioners to give such Rewards in Money to the Watch- wardWatch-men respectively to be appointed as aforesaid, who may be disabltd or me" 11 e ' wounded in the Execution of their Office, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, such Money to be paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power to re-and for the said Commissioners, at any Tune after the passing of this Act, 'a^Tfin-

to take down, take away, remove, alter, or regulate, in such Manner as croachment«. they shall from Time to Time judge proper, all Signs or other Emblems used to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling, of any Person or Persons, and all Sign Irons, Sign Polls, and other Polls, Sheds, Penthouses,

Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Bow Windows, Window Shutters, Stumps,

Trees, Rails, Pales, Palisadoes, Porches, Bulks, Shew Gaffes, and Shew Boards, Pools, Ceffpools, Cillerns, and Reservoirs for Water, and other Encroachments, Projections, and Annoyances, belonging or which hereafter shall be affixed or belong to any House or Houses, or other Buildings, and which do or shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, obstrud the free and commodious Passage along the Carriage or Footways of any of the said Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, of or within the said Borough; and also to cause the Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves, and Penthouses, of or belonging to such Houses or other Buildings respectively, by proper Pipes or Trunks, to be affixed to the Sides of such Houses or other Buildings respectively, and to be brought down to the Ground; and that the Colls, Charges, and Expences, attending the taking down, taking away, removing, altering, or regulating such Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Polls, and other Pods,

Sheds, Penthouses, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Bow Windows, Window Shutters, Stumps, Trees, Rails, Pales, Palisadoes, Porches, Bulks,

Shew Glasses, Shew Boards, Pools, Ceffpools, Cillerns, and Reservoirs for Water, and other Encroachments, Projedions, and Annoyances, or any of them, and of making and affixing such Pipes or Trunks as aforesaid, shall be borne and defrayed out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that if the said Commissioners shall cause For Protec-to be taken up or removed any Stumps, Pods, or other Guards, at the °J{ Corner of any House or Building forming a Corner of any Street or Lane, ing, for the Protection of such House from Injury by Carriages, they the said Commissioners shall, by some other proper Ways or Means, sufficiently guard or protect the fame from Damage as aforesaid and in case any Damage shall at any Time happen to any such House by reason of taking up or removing any such Stump, Pod, or other Guard, by the said Commissioners, they the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, make good such Damage out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any House or other Build- For preventing, in or near any Market Place, Streer, Lane, Creek, Fleet, or other jncn^ns.^'I>r0, publick Passage or Place, within the said Borough, shall after the paffi >g of this Act be made, erected, or built in such Manner or Form as in he Front, or in any of the Gables or Sides thereof, to project into or ever such Market Place, Street, Lane, Creek, Fleet, or other publick Pillage or Place, or in any other Manner or Form than in a perpendicular

[Loc. & Per.~\ 8 H Line

674

Extinction of Quit Renti for Bulks, etc. removed.

43° GEORG 11 Hi. Cap. 37.

Line or Direction upwards from the Foundation of such House or Building; or if any Spout, Pipe, or Trunk, for conveying Water from the Roof, Eaves, or Cornices of any House or other Building, in any Market Place, Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place, in the said Borough, shall be affixed otherwise than from the Roofs, Eaves, or Cornices thereof, by such Spouts, Pipes, or Trunks, on the Fronts or Sides of such Houses or Buildings respectively, and brought down to the Ground; or if any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Post, or other Poll, Shed, Penthouse, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail, Pale, Palifado, Porch, Bulk, Shew Glats, Shew Board, Pool, Ceffpool, Cistern, or Reservoir for Water, or any other Encroachment or Projection against or in the Front or Outside of any House or other Building, within or adjoining to any Matket Place, Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place, within the said Borough, fh. 11 be made, erected, or built, so as to obfbuetthe free and commodious Paffagr along the Carriage or Footways of the fame, then and in every such Calc the Owner and Owners of every such House or other Building, Sign, S gn iron. Sign Pod, or other Pod, Shed, Penthouse, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail, Pale, Palifado, Porch, Bulk, Shew Glass, Shew Board, Pool, Ceffpool, Cistern, or Reservoir for Water, or other Encroachment or Projection, which shall be so made, erected, or built as aforesaid, or of every such Spout, Pipe, or Trunk, which shall be so made or affixed otherwise than as aforesaid, contrary to this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings a Day for every Day such House or other Building, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Post, or other Post, Shed, Pei thouse, S ep. Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Rail, Pale, Palilado, Porch, Bulk, Shew Glals, Shew Board, Pool, Ceffpool, Cistern, or Reservoir for Water, Spout, Pipe, or Trunk, or other Encroachment or Projection, shall continue in such State as is herein provided agair.ft; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners (whether any of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be levied or not) to cause all such Houses and other Buildings, Sign, Sign Irons, Sign Posts, and other Polls, Sheds, Penthouses, Steps, Srairs, Bow Windows, Window Shutters, Stumps, Trees, Rails, Pales, Palisadoes, Porches, Bulks, Shew Glasses, Shew Boards, Pools, Ccffpools, Ciflerns, and Reservoirs for Water, Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, and other Encroachments and Projections, or any of them, to be taken down, taken away, and removed.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Bulk, Porch, Post, or other Projection or Obstruction, shall be removed by Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of widening or altering any Market Place, Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place, within the said Borough, and for or in respect of which any annual Sum or Sums hath or have been usually paid by Way of Quit-Rent, Fee Farm Rent, Purprefture Rent, or other Acknowledgement, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, then and in every such Case such annual Sum or Sums of Money shall cease to be any longer paid or payable, and shall be considered as absolutely extinguished: Provided always that the said Commissioners shall in every such Case make such Satisf'action and Compenla-tion to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom any annual Sum or Sums hath or have been so paid as aforesaid, by the Payment of a Gross Sum or Sums of Money out of the Monies to be raised

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 675

raised by virtue of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall judge to be the Value of the annual Sum or Sums so paid , and in case of any Difference or Dispute between the said Commissioners and such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, respecting the Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid by the said Commissioners as a Satisfaction and Compensation for any such Quit Kent, Fee Farm Rent, Purprefture Rent, or other Acknowledgement as aforesaid, such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be settled and ascertained in such and the like Manner as the Satisfaction and Compensation to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes ol this Act are herein directed to be ascertained and settled; and such Sum and Sams of Money, when so settled and ascertained, shall be paid to, or disposed of, for the Use and Benefit of the Party or Parties entitled thereto, in such and the like Manner as any Sum ot Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by the said Commissioners is and are herein directed to be paid or disposed of.

XLV. And whereas the Place for holding and keeping the Weekly frovision with Market held on Saturday within the said Borough,is of sufficientSize or Space> jj^keV0 and is conveniently situated with a View to the general Accommodation Pi-cec^Mar-of the Inhabitants of all Parts of the said Borough; but the Markec hath Mart.3" for many Years pall been extended into One of the publick Streets there, lifua'ly called High Street Satwday Market, and also into or along the North Side of a Street or Streets extending from the Guildhall of the said Borough, to a Messuage called The White Hart Inn, nearly opposite to the Norffi-east Corner of the Chancel of Saint Margaret's Church, in the said Borough, to the great Inconvenience of the Inhabitants and of the Publick in general; and Inconveniencies have arilen for want of Power in the Cletk of the Market to fix the Limits of the Market Place aforesaid, and also of the Tuesday Market Place in the said Borough, where the Weekly Market on Tuesday is held and kept, and where the annual Mart or Fair in the Month of February is usually held and kept, and for want of Power in the Clerk of the Market to regulate and direct the Situation, Size, Form, Order, and Arrangement, of the Stalls, Booths,

Benches, Stools, and other Utensils, used by the Frequenters of the said respective Markets and Mait, for felling or exposing to Sale or View their relpcdlive Goods and Wares; be it therefore enacted, That no Part of the said publick Street, uufally called or known by the Name of High Street Saturday Market, nor any Part or Parts of the North Side of the Street or Streets leading, from the Guildhall aforesaid, to the Messuage aforesaid called The White Hart Inn, shall ever hereafter be deemed or taken to be Part or Parts of the Saturday Market Place, or of the Spot of Ground for holding or keeping the Weekly Market on Satwday, within the said Borough , but that the said Weekly Market on Saturday shall be always kept ard held upon the Spot of Ground adjoining to the present Meat Shambles, on the Norch-east and West Sides thereof, excluding the aforesaid High Street, and of the North Side of the Street or Streets leading as aforesaid from the said Guildhall, to the said Messuage called The White Hart Inn; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being or his Deputy, in virtue of his Office of Clerk of the Markets of the said Borough, to fix, in case of Dispute or otherwise, the precise Limits of the Saturday Market Place, or Place for holding and keeping the Weekly Market on Saturday, within the said Borough,

676

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

tough, excluding always the Street and Sides of Streets by this Act expressly excluded; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor or his Deputy* in virtue of his Office of Clerk of the Maikets as aforesaid, from Time to Time, when and as often as he shall see fic, to fix the precise Limits of the 7'uejday Market Place, or Place now used for holding and keeping the Weekly Market on Tuesday, within the said Borough* and for holding and keeping the before mentioned annual Mart or Fair in the Month of February, so as to prevent such lait mentioned Market Place from being extended over or upon any of the Carriage Ways or Footpaths of any of the adjoining or surrounding Streets, or other publick Passages or Places; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor or his Deputy, in virtue of his said Office of Clerk of the Markets, from Time to Time as he shall judge expedient, to fix and place, or to give Orders for fixing and placing, all Stalls, Booths, Benches, Stools, Forms, Boxes, Packages, Baskets, or other Utensils of any other Denomination, to be used or occupied by any Person or Persons frequenting the said Maikets and Mart cr Fair, or any of them re-ipeftively, fi r the Purposes of felling or expolitig to Sale or View any Goods or Wares taken thither for Sale or Show, and also to direct and regulate the Situation, Size, Dimensions, Form, Order, and Arrangement, of all such Stalls, Booths, Stools, Forms, Boxes, Packages, Baskets, and other Utensils as aforesaid, or any of them, so as to preserve convenient Order and Regularity in such Markets and Mart or Fair respectively, and to prevent those Inconveniencies which have sometimes anfen for want of that Order and Regularity.

For making

XLVI. And forasmuch as the Regulation hereby made for confining M°the inhabi* wu^'n convenient Limits the Place of holding and keeping the Weekly tints' on a ' Market on Saturday as aforesaid, will be a Loss to the Owners of Mess Account of fuages (landing in the High Street aforesaid, and next the North Side of *Histrut the aforesaid Street or Streets leading from the Guildhall aforesaid, to the from Saturday White Hart Inn aforesaid, by preventing those Owners from receiving any Market Place. ^eekly payment by way of Stallage, from Persons frequenting the said Saturday Market with Goods for Sale, but such Regulation will probably increase the Tolls payable to the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may be, give Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners to be affixed on the Guildhall and Market Cross within the said Borough, for the Owners of Messuages next the said Street called High Street, and also next the North Side of the said Street or Streets leading from the Guildhall aforesaid to the White Hart Inn aforesaid, to appear at a Meeting of the said Commissioners (such Meeting not to be holden sooner than Seven Days after such Notice), and to deliver to the said Commissioners an Account in Writing, of the Sum or Sums of Money received by such Owners respectively, by themselves or by their several Tenants, by way of Stallage, or for Liberty given to Persons to expose their Goods and Wares to Sale, before their respective Messuages on the Saturday Market Day, for the Space of Seven Years next before the passing of this Act, which Account shall, if required by the said Commissioners, be verified on the Oath of each respective Owner, or of his or her Tenant or Tenants, or otherwise, before the Commissioners present at such Meeting; and the said Commissioners shall from such Account as aforesaid, or from other good Proof, settle and ascertain the Sum or Sums

of

6 77

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

of Money, either Annual or in Gross, or both, which the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable to be paid by the said Mayor and Burgesses to the said several Owners of Messuages so situated as above mentioned, by way of Compensation to them as aforesaid, and shall certify in Writing the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Owners respectively, and order and direct the Payment thereof by the said Mayor and Burgesses, at such Time and Place, or such respective Times and Places, and in such Shares and Manner, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper-, and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between the said Commissioners and the said Owners, or any of them, respecting the Sum or Sums of Money so to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, and to be paid by the said Mayor and Burgesses, then and in such Case, such Sum or Sums of Money shall be settled and ascertained, in such and the like Manner by a Jury as any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, is and are herein directed to be settled and ascertained, in case of any Difference or Dispute about the fame; and such Sum or Sums of Money when so settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners or a Jury, as the Case may be, shall be paid by the said Mayor and Burgesses to the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and in case of Nonpayment thereof forthwith within Fourteen Days after the same shall have been so settled and ascertained to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, such Sum and Sums of Money shall and may be recovered from the said Mayor and Burgesses by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoign, Protection,

Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the said Commissioners or Jury to order or direct the said Mayor and Burgesses to pay to or among such Owners, by way of Compensation as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money, which in total Amount shall exceed the Sum which the said Commissioners or Jury shall deem to be an Equivalent to the Increase of Toll, which the said Mayor and Burgesses will receive by the Regulation of such Saturday Market in Manner aforesaid.

XLVII. And, for providing a more convenient Place for holding the Power to ait;r Bead Market of the said Borough; be it further enacted, That it shall hoid!ngCthef and may be lawful to and for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Coun- Beait Market, cil, of the said Borough, in Council assembled, if they shall judge it expedient, and they are hereby empowered to appropriate such Piece or Parcel of Wade Ground belonging to the Mayor and Burge/fes of the said Borough, as Lords and Owners of the Soil in respect of their Lordship or Manor of King's Lynn aforesaid, or otherwise, and lying within the said Borough or the Liberties thereof, or some other Piece or Pa-cel of Land belonging to the said Mayor and Burgesses, and lying within the Borough aforesaid, or the Liberties thereof, as to them the said Miyor,

Aldermen, and Common Council, shall seem right and proper, as and for a publick Bead: Market, and to be used as such instead of the Place or Spot of Ground now used as a Bead Market as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, to rail or fence off, or cause to be raised or fenced off, such Piece or Parcel of Waste Ground, or or her Piece or Parcel of Land to be so appropriated, and to make or cause to be made proper Gateways [Loc, fc? Per.] 8 / and

67B

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

and Avenues thereto, and to make and erect, or cause to be made and erected therein, proper Pens for Cartle or other Beads which may be taken thither for Sale; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council to fence off and allot, or cause to be fenced off and allotted, certain Parts or Portions of the Ground or Land to be so appropriated as aforesaid, for exposing to Sale the different Sorts of Cattle or other Beads to be taken thither for Sale, and from Time to Time to vary the Form, Extern, and Situation, of such Parts or Portions, as to them the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, shall seem proper; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council from Time to Time, when and as often as they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, shall judge proper, and they are hereby empowered to appropriate some other Piece or Parcel of such Wade Ground, or Piece or Parcel of such other Ground as aforesaid, for and as a publick Bead Market, within the Borough aforesaid or Liberties thereof; and that such Piece or Parcel of Wade Ground, or Piece or Parcel of other Ground, as shall from Time to Time be so appropriated or set apart for a publick Bead Market, and to be used as such, shall be, and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever be edeemed to be, the open and publick Market for the Sale of Live Cattle of every Kind, and of Swine, within the said Borough, and shall be open on every Tuesday Market Day; aDd that such and the fame Tolls as are now taken in the present Bead Market, may be demanded and taken by the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough in the new Bead Markec for the Time being and that such new Bead Marker for the Time being, and the Rails, Fences, Pods, Pales, Pens, and all other Parts thereof, shall, in Consideration of the Tolls to be so received as aforesaid, be maintained and I'ufficiently repaired by the said Mayor and Burgesses, and their Successors, at their own Costs and Charges, out of the Revenues belonging to them in their Corporate Capacity.

For prevent-

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

ing Annoy- shall, upon any of the Footways or Fooc Pavements to be appointed Streets!" under the Powers in this Act contained, run, draw, drive, or carry thereon any Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Bier, or Carriage whatsoever, or roll any Calk or Tub other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof, into, upon, from, or out of any Carriage, or for any longer Space than the Extent of the Premiies in the Occupation of the Person from whose House or Building such Calk or Tub shall have been rolled (such Premises adjoining to or having immediate Communication with the House or Building from which such Calk or Tub shall have been rolled); or if any Person shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Horse or other Bead, or any Cattle whatever, on any of the said Footways or Foot Pavements, or set any Calk, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, or any other Matter or Thing, on or so as in any Manner to cause any Obstruction or Impediment in the Footway or on the Foot Pavement, or shall in any Market Place, Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place within the said Borough, or in any of the Church or Chapel Yards, burn, dress, or cleanse any Cork, or hoop, (ire, cleanse, waih, or feald, any Calk or Tub, or hew, (aw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make or repair any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage (except such Carriage

as

679

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

as may want immediate Repair from any fuddtn Accident on the Spot, or which cannot be conveniently removed for that Purpose); or if any Person shall make, let, or place any Hayftack within Fifty Yards of any Dwelling House or any Building adjoining to or having immediate Communication with a Dwelling Hogse within the said Borough; or if any Person shall in any Market Place, Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place within the said Borough, shoe, bleed, or farry any Horse of other Beast or Cattle, (except in Cases of Accident); or if any Person shall in any of the said Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places (except only in the Place called Common Staithe Yard) within the said Borough, shew or expose any Stallion or Stone Horse, or expose to sale any Horse or other Beast (except in the Beast Market) or make or allift in the making any Bonlire (except by the Permission of the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being), or any Fire for firing Calks or Vessels, or let oft' or fire any Gun, Pistol, Serptnt, or Rocker, or throw any Cracker, Squib, or other Firework; or if any Person shall fist, throw, calf, or lay any Allies (except in the Time of Froft only and to prevent Accidents), or any Dust, Muck, Dung, Soil, Filth, Rubbish, Refuse of Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Carrion, or any other cffenfive Matter or Thing, in any of the Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, within the said Borough; or shall kill or (laughter, or shall scald, singe, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in Part, in any of such Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter House, Butcher’s Shop or Shamble, into the fame or any of them, or shall hang up, place, or expose to sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing, on or projecting over the Foot or Carriage Way of any such Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, or so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage therein; or shall commit any other Kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in any such Market Place, Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place within the said Borough, then and in every such Case every Person so offending in any of such Cases, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to prevent or hinder the Clerk of the Markets of the said Borough, or his Deputy, from placing any Stall, Booth, Stool, Bench, or Form, for the Sale of Goods or Wares, in the usual Place of holding the annual Fair called The Cheese Fair, on the usual Day in the Month of October of holding such Fair, so as such Stall, Booth, Stool, Bench, or Form, be not placed upon any Footpath or Foot Pavement to be made under the Authority of this A£L

XLIX. And whereas Bargemen and others are accustomed to ride or drive the Horses that have been employed in towing Barges, with the Ropes, Gear, or Harness hanging loose at the Heels of such Horses or other Bealls, to the great Danger of the Limbs and Persons of the Passengers; be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse in any Market Place, Street, Lane, Passage or Place, within the said Borough, with the Ropes, Gear, or Harnels hanging loose at the Heels of such Horle, and dragging on the Ground, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

5

For preventing the driving of Horse* with the Har. nels loose about their Heels,

6So

Power to impound B;alfs wandering in the Streets.

For preventing Carts and Carriages being left in the Streets.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Sort of Swine shall, at any Time be found wandering about any of the Market Places, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, within the said Borough, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to seize and impound such Swine in one of the common Pounds of the said Borough, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and the fame there to detain, until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every such Head of Swine so impounded, pay the Sum of Two Shillings to the Person impounding the fame, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the fame; and in case the said Sum, Charges, and Expences, shall not be paid within Seven Days after such impounding, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to feil or cause to be sold the fame, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Sum, and the Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and felling such Swine, shall be paid to the Person whose Property the Swine so fold shall appear to have been.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Cart, Waggon, Sledge, Dray, or other Carriage, used for the Purpose of conveying or carrying Goods, Merchandizes, or any other Materials or Things whatsoever, shall at any Time be left, or suffered to Band or continue in any Market Place, Street, Lane, or publick Passage or Place, in the said Borough, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof, or shall be set or placed athwart or across any Parc of any such Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place aforesaid (although for the Purpose of loading or unloading the fame), so as that there shall not be sufficient Room less fur another Carriage to pass; or if any Stage Coach, or other Carriage let to hire shall be suffered to (land in any Market Place, Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place within the said Borough, for a longer Time than shall be necessary for taking up and setting down Passengers or Travellers, or for loading or unloading their Luggage; or if any Horse shall be suffered to (land at the Door or House of any Person, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Footway; or if any Timber, Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, be drawn in any such Market Place, Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place, without the fame being placed on a Sledge or Carriage for that Purpose; or if any Timber, Iron, Lead, Bricks, Stones, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or Things, Rubbish, Duff, Dirt, Dung, Filth, or other Nui-fance or Annoyance whatsoever, shall be so thrown, laid, placed, or left in any such Market Place, Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place as aforesaid (except in building, taking down, adding to, altering or repairing any House or Building, or for any of the Purposes authorized or required to be done in virtue or pursuance of this Act, in which Cases the fame shall, if the Commissioners shall think proper and direct, be fenced and inclosed in the Manner herein expressedL and the fame (except as last aforesaid, shall be suffered to remain for a longer Space of Time than shall be necessary for the houfrng or removing thereof; or if any Wood 'or Faggot Pile shall be made or ereffed within Twenty Feet of any such House or other Building, then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, Coach, Chaile, or other Carriage as aforesaid, and the Owner of any such Timber, Iron,

Lead,

68i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Lead, Bricks, Stone, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots,

Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials, or Things, Dirt or Rubbish as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons causing such Annoyance as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Slaughter House, For Removal Hog Stye, Necelfary House, or other noisome or offensive Building or 0 uiances' Place whatsoever, in or near any of the Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages, or Places, within the said Borough, shall by the said Commissioners be deemed a Nuisance to any of the Inhabitants thereof or Persons redding the rein, the same shall be deemed a Nuisance and an Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any such Inhabitant, or other Person or Persons, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or under the Hand of their Clerk for the Time being, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed; and in case the lame shall not be removed within Fourteen Days after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the fame, or left at his, her, or their lad or usual Place of Abode, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings daily, for every Day that the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Ground or Place whereon For inclosing any House or Houses, Wall or Building, within the said Borough, formerly HoSTtatoii* or lately flood, and which is or are now or at any Time hereafter shall down, be either wholly or in Part taken down, shall, by the several Owners or Occupiers of such Ground, Place, House, or Building, immediately after the pafiirg of this Act, be fenced and inclosed at the Expence of such Owners or Occupiers respectively, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper or necessary, in order to keep the Footways and Carriage Ways near thereto as open and free from Impediment as the Nature of the Cafe will admit of, and so as to guard and protest: all Persons and Beads passing by or near the fame or any Part thereof from Danger or Accident, from or in consequence of any Hole, Vault,

Area, Timber, Stones, Materials, or Things made, brought, placed, or used in, about, or relating to such Ground, Place, House, or Building j and every House, Wall, or Building, now made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built, within the said Borough, which shall be taken down either in the whole or in Part, or which shall be altered or repaired, or added to or begun to be altered or repaired or added to, whereby or in consequence whereof the Carriage Way or Footway near to such Floufe, Wall, or Building, shall be in any Manner obstructed or rendered dangerous to, or unsafe for any Person or Bead passing by or near such House, Wall, or Building, or any Part thereof, to Danger or Accident as lad mentioned,

shall be in like Manner fenced and inclosed by end at the Expence of the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof, and the Fences and Inclosures to be made in respect of any House, Wall, or Building, which shall or may hereafter be taken down, altered, repaired, cr added to, shall be made before such House, Walt, or Building, shall be begun to be altered, repaired, added to, or taken down; and all che Fences and Inclosures, hereby directed to be made for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be continued [Lot. fcf Per.] ' 8 K (landing

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

finding and in good Condition, during such Time as the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall order or direct; and if the Owner or Occupier of such Ground, Place, House, Wall, or Building as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to erect and set up any such Fence or Inclosure as aforesaid, or shall not continue the fame (landing and in good Condition as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cases every such Owner or Occupier shall for every Day such Offence shall be continued, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case of such Refusal or Neglect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause such Ground, Place, House, Wall, or Building, to be well and sufficiently fenced in or inclosed as aforesaid, or the Fence or Inclosure then erected and set up to be well and sufficiently repaired, as the Case shall require, and such Fence or Inclosure to be so continued (landing as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, shall, over and above the said Penalty pay all the Costs and Charges of making such Fences and Inclosures, or repairing the fame; and in Case such Costs and Charges shall not be paid to the said Commissioners or their Surveyor, on Demand made by the said Commissioners, or by their Surveyor, such Costs and Charges together with the reasonable Cods of recovering thereof, shall and may be recovered in such and the like Manner as any Forfeitures or Penalties inflicted by this Act are herein directed and authorized to be recovered.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter any Stones, Timber, Mortar, Rubbish, Materials, or other Things, shall be laid or placed in, or any Hole or Opening shall be made in any of the Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages, or Places, within the said Borough, for any Purpose whatsoever, not prohibited by or contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case the Owner of such Stones, Materials, or other Things, or Person or Persons causing such Hole or Opening as aforesaid to be made, shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, cause a Light to be affixed in or near the fame respectively, for securing Passengers and Cattle from Accidents, every Night from Sun-setting to Sun-rising, during the Time such Stones or other Materials, Hole or Opening, shall remain; and in case the said Commissioners shall think proper and direct, such Owner, or Person or Persons, shall at his, her, or their own Expence, cause such Stones, Materials, or other Things, Hole or Opening, or either, as the Case may be, to be fenced and inclosed in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and continue the fame so fenced and inclosed until the Stones, Materials, or other Things, or Hole or Opening, as the Case may be, shall be removed, and in Default thereof every such Owner or Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day or Night such Neglect shall be continued) and the said Commissioners, on such Default being made as aforesaid, are hereby empowered to cause such Light to be affixed, and to fence and inclose such Stones, Materials, and Things, and to continue the fame so fenced and inclosed, and to charge such Owner, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, with the Costs and Charges thereof respectively; and in case such Colls ai.d Charges shall not be paid by such Owner, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to the said Commissioners or their Surveyor, on Demand made by the said Commissioners or by their Surveyor,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 683

veyor, such Costs and Charges, together with the reasonable Costs of recovering thereof, shall and may be recovered in such and the like Manner, as any Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by this Act are directed to be recovered.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall empty any The Time of Necefiary House, or carry any Night Soil along any Market Place, Street, I^Vylfoufes Lane, or other publick Passage, or Place, within the said Borough, be- directed. fore the Hour of Twelve at Night in any Part of the Year, or after the Hour of Five in the Morning between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day, or after the Hour of Four in the Morning between Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, or put or cast any Night Soil in or near any of the said Market Places, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages, or Places, or into any of the publick Fleets or Rivers of the said Borough, at any other Time than during the Continuance of Spring Tides, of at any Place above the Low Water Mark, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, without the PnvateDrain* previous Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners, make or branch "9'"^ any Drain into any publick Sewer or Drain under the Management or fcntofcom-Direction of the said Commissioners, every such Person so offending shall for every such Sewer or Drain forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding their Leave, Five Pounds} and that all private Sewers or Drains now made, or which »> be cleansed shall hereafter, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, be made bytheir0rde^ within any Market Place, Street, Lane, publick Passage, or Place, within the said Borough, and which do or shall issue into any publick Sewer or Drain under the Management or Direction of the said Commissioners, shall be repaired and cleansed under the Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the said Commissioners, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or respective Owners of the Houses, Lands, or Tenements, to which such private Sewer or Drain doth or shall belong; and such Costs and Charges (to be ascertained and settled, in case of Dispute, by some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough) shall, on Non-payment on Demand, be levied and recovered by Warrant of such Justice, by Dif* tress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or respective Occupiers, and all such Occupiers, their Executors and Administrators, are hereby empowered to dedudl and retain, out of their respective Rents, such Costs and Charges as they respectively shall pay for or on Behalf of the Owner or respective Owners of such Premises respectively, which Costs and Charges so paid shall be considered as Money actually paid for Rent due or to become due to such Owner or respective Owners, who shall allow the Deduction upon the Receipt of the Remainder of his, her, or their Rent or respective Rents.

LVII. And, for the better preventing Damage by Fire within the said New BuiM-Borough, be it further enacted, That if any Person shall erect or build, p^aiT or cause to be eredfed or built, any House or other Building adjoining to of Vrcrttin any other House or Houses, Building or Buildings, within the said Borough, unless the Fnd or Side of such new House or other Building to°be co." which shall adjoin any such other House or Building, shall consist of a ver«dwith Party or Division Wall of Brick or Stone of the Thickness of Nine 1 atch'

Inches

6«4 43° GEORGII III. Cap. zf.

Inches at the Jeaft; or if any Person shall cover or cause to be covered any House or other Building within any of the said Market Places, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages, or Places, in the Whole or in Part, with Thatch or Straw, then and in every such Case the Owner of every such Huufe or other Building, erected without such Party or Division "Wall or Walls, or with a Cover ot Thatch or Straw as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for every Month such House or other Building shall continue without such Party or Division Wall or Walls, or with such Covering of Thatch or Straw as aforesaid.

Power for

LVIII. And whereas it might be attended with great Convenience to Commission- ^.the Publick, if a new Road or Way were made, by Means whereof the new Ri'ad passing over the Pavement of the said Borough might be avoided; be it fromtheSouth therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissionm, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in case they shall think proper; to make or cause to lit made a new Road (of at dealt the Width of Forty Feet, and not exceeding the Width of Sixty Feet, including the Ditch or Fence on each Sided, from the South Gates of the said Borough, in a Northwardly Direction, and in nearly a straighc Line over the Scite of a Messuage called The Crown Inn, and over Part of a Yard thereto adjoining, belonging to the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough, and in the Occupation of Maxey Alien Esquire, and over or along a present Road or Highway to the South or South West-wardly Corner of a Piece of Land belonging to Edward Candeior Esquire, and thence over the said Piece of Land in a North or North Eastwardly Direction, and over the Eastwardly Part of a Piece of Land belonging to Edward. Everard Esquire, and over the South Westwardly Corner of a Piece of Land belonging to Elizabeth Barnard Spinster, and thence in a North Westwardly Direction, and in nearly a straight Line over the North Eastwardly Corner of the fame Piece of Land belonging to the said Edward Everard, over a present Road or Highway, over Land belonging . to Thomas Marshall, over another Road or Highway, over Land belonging to Mary Dixon Widow, at the Noith Ealt Corner thereof, over another Road or Highway, and over Part of a Piece of Garden Ground belonging to Sir Martin Browne Folkes Baronet, and in the Occupation of Mary Cade Widow, and thence in a North Westwardly Direction, and in a curve Line over a Piece of Garden Ground belonging to the said Mayor and Burgesses, to a Fleet or Creek called Mill Fleet otherwise Mayors Fleet, and over the fame Fleet or Creek by Means of a proper Bridge (which Bridge the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to erect and make), to and over an old Road or Highway, and thence in the fame North Westwardly Direction, and in nearly a straighc Line over the Eastwardly and North Eastwardly Corner of a Parcel of Land called The Grey Friars, belonging to the said Mayor and Burgesses, and in Lease to Jane Hamilton Widow, to the before mentioned Street called Saint James's Street.

Repair of

LIX. And be it further enacted, That such Road when so made, and R^ad and such Bridge over the said Fleet or Creek when so erected as aforesaid, shall

° K'- at all Times for ever thereafter be maintained and kept in proper Condition and Repair by the said Commissioners, by and out of the Monies to be raised and received by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 685

LX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of making the pJWer for new Road herein authorized to be made from the South Gates of the Commission-said Borough into Saint James's Street aforesaid, and for the Purpose also Lands^/m* of making the narrow Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, safe and commodious for Carriages and Passengers, and for opening proper Communications between any of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, or any of them, and for altering, widening, and improving, the present Communications between the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, or any of them, and for otherwise improving the said Borough in Manner by this Act: directed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to contract and agree with such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate (Spiritual or Lay) respectively, as shall be or be deemed to be Owners of or intcrefled in any such Lands, Buildings,

Bridges, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, within the said Borough, as they the said Commissioners are hereby enabled to purchase, for the absolute Purchase thereof respectively, or for the Damage to be dono thereto respectively, in the Execution or fur the Purposes of this Act» and to take down or alter all or any of such Buildings, Bridges, Houses, or Tenements to be so purchased, or any Part or Parcs of the fame respectively, and to appropriate all or any of the Ground or Scices thereof respectively, and also to appropriate all or any of the Lands to be so purchased for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power fr Bo. and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Corpora- d'e3 Politick, tions, whether Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay, and all Feoffees in "c' 10 lcl1' Trull, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of or for Lunaticks and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves and their Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their respective Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be fcifed in their own Right, and to and for all Persons, whether Tenants for Life or Tenants in Tail General or Special, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, publick Buildings,

Bridges, Houses, or other Buildings, Waste Grounds, void Spaces of Ground, or other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which the said Commissioners are by this Act enabled to purchase for any of the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the said Commissioners, and their Successors, or to such Persons and their Heirs for ever, as the said Commissioners shall direct, in Trust for them the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to cor.vev all Right, Estate,

Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Ce/luique Trulls, and all claiming or to claim by,

£Lec. fcf Per.] 8 L born.

686

Provision in Cases of Refu-fal or Inability to lell.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

from, or under them, any Liw, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay, and all Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Husbands. Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Corporation whether Aggregate or Sole, Spiritual or Lay, or any Feme Covert, or any Tenant for Life or Tenant in Tail General or Special, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, interested in any Building or Buildings, Erection or Erections, projecting imo or upon any of the Footways within the said Borough, or of any Door or Doors of Cellars, or of any Steps belonging thereto, or in any other Projeftion or Encroachments upon any such Footway whatsoever, or in any Lands, publick Buildings, Bridges, Houses, or other Buildings, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners are enabled by this Act to purchase or treat for, shall refuse to treat, contract, or agree as aforesaid, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, contracting, or agreeing, or shall decline or refuse to fell, convey, and dispolc of the Premises whereof or wherein, or whereunto they respectively shall be so seised, posseflTed, interested, or entitled as aforesaid, or their respective Rights, Titles, Claims, or Interests, in, to, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate for the Purposes, and according to the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act, or shall noc or cannot produce or make out a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commifioners; or if any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching such Purchase or Purchases, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and authorized, before any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said Borough, or any Adjournment thereof, to give or cause to be given to such Owner or Owners, or the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or to leave or cause to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possession Thirty Days Notice in Writing, denoting and particularly describing the Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments intended to be purchased, and purporting that the Value thereof shall be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Session or Adjournment thereof; and the Justices at the said Session, or any Adjournment thereof, upon Proof to them made of such Notice having been so given or left* are hereby authorized and required to charge the Grand Jury at such Session assembled, or the Jury to try Prisoners at such Session, well and truly, upon their Oath, to assess the Value of the said Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments comprized in the Notice so given, and the Damages and Recompence to be awarded or given for the lame to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests therein , and to which said Jury the said Commissioners, and all Persons interested in the said Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the Jury, being so sworn and charged as afore-

687

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

said, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given, concerning the Nature, Quality, or Value of the Lands, publick Buildings, Biidges, Houses, or other Buildings, Waste Grounds, void Spaces of Ground, or other Hereditaments so to be sold and conveyed as aforesaid, shall by their Verdict afiefs the Damages and Rrcompence to be given for the same to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests therein j and such Verdict of the aid Jury, and the Judgement of the said Justices upon the fame, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to the said Commissioners, and to all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments; and such Verdict, and the Judgement of the Justices thereupon, shall be fairly entered and kept among the Records of the Seilio 's for the said Borough, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be taken 'o be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, and all Persons may have Recourse to the fane g'titis, and take Copies thereof, paying Sixpence for every Seventy two Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or lets Number of Wo ds.

LXIII. Provided always, That in case ihe Sum or Sums so assessed by the ;a d Jury, and ordered and adjudged to be paid by the said Commissioners, as a S uisf.iclion to the Owners, Occupiers, or others, for their respective Interests in the said Premises, shall not be paid, tendered, or left, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within Three Calendar Months after the lame shall have been so affiffed, ordered, and adjudged, then and in such Case the Verdict of the said Jury shall noc be binding upon the said Parties; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

L.XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Verdict-shall have been given for a greater Sum or Recompence than shall have been previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, for any such Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or Damages as aforesaid, all the Expences of taking such Inquest, and of the Witnesses attending thereon, and recording or entering the Verdict and Judgement thereupon, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arile by virtue of this Act; but if a Verdict shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Premises in question: Provided, that whenever by Absence any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, the Whole of such G-fts and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners j and whenever any Costs or Charges shall or may be payable to the said Commissioners, such Costs and Charges shall and may be deducted out of the Sum to be paid by the said Commissioners, to the said Owners or Persons respectively interested.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or

Collegiate,

Provision that Verdicts Hia.ll net be binding iinless Money raid within Thi ee Calendar Months.

Provision for Payment of Colts of Verdicts.

Provision for Appl c ition cf Compilation where equal to 20 0/.

688

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Collegiate, Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Cover', or other Cestuique Trust, or toany Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money may be applied, under the Directions and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towaids the Discharge of any Debt or Debts or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Provision for

LXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed Compensatiorf or awafded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, where left than purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to ceedtn»n»o/*" any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed

v .... ty

689

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 2,7.

to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before dir'efted 5 or otherwiffr the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners,

(such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without requiring or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery: Provided also, that where such Money so PioTifion for agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned shall be less than MoneyJwhenf Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to less than io/. the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and FormofCon-Assurances, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made veyance. to the said Commissioners and their Successors, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (videlicet),

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ to me paid by the Commissioners acting

by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-third Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act] do hereby grant and convey to the said Commissioners and their Successors, all [here describe the Pretnifes to be conveyed] and all my Right,

Title, and Interest, to and in the fame and every Part thereof, to hold

to the said Commissioners and their Successors for ever. In Witness

whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so made, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law,

Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money to be Provision for agreed for, awarded, or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies of

to be received by virtue of this Act, to the Party or Persons respectively en- Money, &v. titled to such Monies, or to rheir Agents, and upon Payment thereof, and forveftnig or in case of Refusal to accept the lame, on placing the fame in the the Gwuiur-Bank of England to the Credit or for the Use of fuel) Parties or Persons, all the Eilate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively to whose Credit or Use the same shall have been paid, in, to, and ouc of such Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Houses, Tenements or other Hereditaments shall vest in the said Commissioners and their Successors, in Trust for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having an Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release,

690 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seifm, Fine, Cotry mon Recovery, Surrender, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Payments shall not only bar all Right, Title, Incereff, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Use or Credit such Payments shall have been made as aforesaid, but also fh.dl extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and o her Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

chaftd by Commission-

Tower to py

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and otf Mortgages, Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages, or other Incumbrances pertynpu.r-°' upon or affecting any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased in pursuance of this Act, his, h r, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, respectively, shall, on Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with Six Calendar Months Interest of the Lid Principal Money, r>y the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign such Mortgage or Mortgages, or other Incumbrances, to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Trust for them; or in case the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, shall have Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, from the said Commissioners, or any Person authorized by them, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal and Interest Money, which at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, to be computed from such Notice given, shall be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, or other Incumbrances, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment or Tender of the Principal and Interest Money so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, shall convey and assign his, her, and their respective Estates and Interests in the said mortgaged Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint in Trust for them; and if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do on such Payment or Tender, then all Interest on every such Mortgage and other Incumbrance, shall cease and determine.

Protifion for

LXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any of'puEetfon or Persons shall be barred of any Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Money, by Claim, or Demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of the said Lands, Buildings, of their1'*1'1*'1 ®r,l%cs> Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, by virtue of this claims. Act, such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to bring any Action or Actions of Debr, or for Money had and received to his, her, or their Use, against any Person or Persons, who shall have received all or any Part of the Purchase Money arising from such Sale of the said Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments; and that in every such Case the respective Plaintiffs, on Proof of such Title as would have enabled them to recover such Lands, Buildings, Bridges, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or any Estate or Interest in the fame, shall recover the said Purchase Money, or so much

thereof

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 691

thereof as shall be equivalent to their Estate or Interest in the said Premises, together with such Interest Money as will be equivalent to the Mesne Profits of the Premises which they would have been entitled to recover in case this Act had not been made.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Lefiee or Tenant for ^"of Poiv Years or at Will, and every other Person in Possession of any Lands, feflionofPio-Buildings, Bridges, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which P^dpur*' shall be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Notice from the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons so appointed by them, to quit the fame at such Time or Times as shall be required by such Notice, they the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons, making such Satisfaction and Compensation to every such Tenant or Lefiee as aforesaid, in case he or she shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her, or their Term in the Premises, as the said Commissioners shall deem just and reasonable; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching or concerning the same, such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Satisfaction and Compensation to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, is and are herein directed to be settled and ascertained, in case of any Difference or Dispute about the fame; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at such Time or Times as he, she, or they shall be required, by the said Commissioners, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and if any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver up such Peffcflion, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to issue their Precept or Precepts to One or more of the Serjeants at Mace of and for the said Borough, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame1; and the said Serjeant or Serjeants is and are hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so refusing to deliver up Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power for and for the said Commissioners to cause all and every the Houses and other Buildings which shall at any Time be purchased under the Powers Buildings and for the Purposes of this Act, or any of them, or any Part of them, |,aekf"rm’"into be appropriated to the Purposes of this Act, or otherwise to be taken to Streets, tic-down, and to cause so much of the Scites thereof, and of any other Land to be purchased under the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, and which shall not be otherwise appropriated or used by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners for other Purposes of this Act, to be added to or laid into the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, or to be formed and made into any new Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, for the Purpose of making Communications between any of the present Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or

Places,

&92 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Places, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall judge proper} and the Land so added to or laid into the respective Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places respectively, shall for ever afterwards be deemed Part thereof, and the fame, and alfj such as shall be formed and made into any new Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places as aforesaid, shall be used as common publick Highways.

u°Woid'Roads

LXXIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-and°to (ciTthe missioners, with the previous Consent in Writing of Three or more of Land, and to the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, to Hop up any old Road

/'.ll ..LI.r. n % 111 T'k /-r* «D t ‘ . r.

or Roads, publick Paiiage or Passages, Lane or Lanes, within the said Borough, and which shall be deemed useless or unnecessary by the Alter, ation or Improvements to be made under the Powers in this Act contained, and to fell or otherwise dispose of all or any Part or Parts of any such old Road or Roads, publick Passageor Passages, Lane or Lanes, and all or any of the Materials thereof, and all or any Part or Parts of the Land <r Ground over which such old Road or Roads, publick Passage or Passages, Lane or Lanes, shall extend; and also to fell or otherwise dispose of such Part or Parts of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which may have been purchased under the Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of making such Alterations or Improvements as aforesaid, as may afterwards be found unnecessary for the Purpose first intended, to any Person or Persons willing to purchase the fame; and that all Monies to be raised by any Sale or Sales as aforesaid, shall be considered as Part of the General Fund applicable to the Purposes by this Act declared.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall sustain any Damage in his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, by reason of the Execution of any Powers given by this Act, then and in every such Case Satisfaction and Compensation shall be made by the said Commissioners to such Persons respectively out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and in cale of any Difference or Dispute between such respective Persons and the said Commissioners, respecting the Amount of such Damages, such Damages shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, is and are herein directed to be settled and ascertained, in case of any Difference or Disputes about the fame, and the same shall be recovered, levied, and applied in such and the like Manner.

LXXV. And, for railing Money towards defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, Once or oftener in every Year as they shall see Occasion, to cause such Sum of Money to be raised by a Rate or Assessment upon the several Tenants or Occupiers of all Messuages, Houses, Warehouses, Shop', Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brew-houses, Brewing Offices, Granaries, Malihouses, Srorehouses, and other Buildings, lying within the Borough aforesaid, and of the several Gatdms, Yards, and Lands, thereto respectively belonging and adjoining, and of all

Gardens,

JCM U'CIC1>

Buildings or Land.

Damages how to be alcer. tained and settled.

*93

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Gardens, Yards, Orchards, Paddocks, Closes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to or upon any of the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, within the said Borough, and which shall be paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, according to the annual Rent or Value of the fame Premises respectively, (not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound upon such annual Rent or Value), as the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary, such annual Rent or Value to be from Time to Time ascertained by or according to the respective Rents at or upon which such Messuages, Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults,

Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouses, Brewing Offices, Granaries, Malt-houses, Storehouses, and other Buildings, Gardens, Yards, Lands, Orchards, Paddocks, Closes, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, shall from Time to Time be rated or assessed, in or by the Rate or Rates made for or towards the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes within the said Borough, and existing at or immediately before the Time of making the Rate or Assessment under this Act: Provided always, that if such Poor Rate or Rates shall be computed at or upon any proportionate Part or Parts of the full annual Rent or Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, the Rate or Assessment under this Act shall not be computed upon such proportionate Part or Parts, but upon the full annual Rent or Value upon which such proportionate Part or Parts hath or have been computed and taken; and if in any such Poor Rate or Rates any Person or Persons shall be omitted to be rated, the Name or Names of such Person or Persons so omitted, shall be added to the Rate or Assessment so hereby directed to be from Time to Time made, and he, file, or they, shall be rated and assessed according to the just and true annual Value of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by him, her, or them occupied; and the First Year for which such Rates or Assessments shall be made, shall commence at and be computed from the First or such subsequent Quarter Day after the passing of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful AflHTors to be to and for the said Commissioners, when and as often as they shall see aPPoime<*-Occasion, to nominate and appoint One or more of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, or of each Parish or Ward within the said Borough, to be the Assessor or Assessors of such Rates or Assessments; and such Assessor or Assessiors is and are hereby authorized and required to make such Rates and Assessments from Time to Time accordingly, and to appear at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, order and appoint, and then and there produce and deliver to them Two Copies or Duplicates of the Assessments made and subscribed by such AffdTor or Assessors; and all'o from Time to Time, upon reasonable Notice to him or them given by the said Commissioners, to atiend them the said Commissioners ac any of their Meetings, to explain the respective Rates and Assessments; and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, as soon as may be after any such Rate or Assessment shall be made and delivered to them by such Assessor or Affclfors, settle and lign the fame, and cause a Duplicate thereof, also signed by them, to be delivered to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed in that Behalf, and shall also issue their Orders to the said Collector or Collectors, requiring him or them to collect and receive the respective Sums of Money made payable by such Rate or Assessment; and such [Zee. Per.] 8 N Collector

1

' 6g4

Assessori not to be appoint ed Twice in 5 Years.

Power for Commissioners to order the Parish Rate Books to be produced, etc.

Power for Commissioners to amend Rates, if improper,

4f GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Colltftor of Collectors is and are hereby authorized and required to collect and receive the same accordinglyand also Once at least in every Month, or oftener 'it directed so to do by the said Commilfiohers, by Writing signtd by their Clerk for the Time being, to pay the Money so to be collrfted and received by virtue of this Act, to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the saki Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied to and for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and all and every such Co!-lector or Collectors shall, and is and are hereby rrquiicd, at the Time of making every such Payment of the Money so by them telpeftively col-iefted as aforesaid, to deliver to such Treasurer, or other Person or Persons empowered to receive the same, a true and exact Account of all Sums of Money received by them respectively, and also of such Sums of Money, Rates, or Assessments (if any) as shall iemain uncollected, together with the Reasons why the fame have not been collected; and if any Person, who shall be appointed to the Office of AflfcfTor in virtue hereof, shall refuse or neglect to take upon himself such Office without ffiewing some realbnnble'Cause, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, for such Refusal or Neglect, or shall wilfully make Default in the Performance of the Duty of his laid Office, or shall otherwise misbehave himself therein, he shall for every such Refusal, Neglect, wilful Default, or Misbehaviour, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered a'S other Penalties are herein-after directed to be recovered, and also be discharged from his laid Office if the said Commissioners shall think fit.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person so nominated or appointed an Assessor, and who shall have served such Office, or shall have paid such Penalty as aforesaid for uot serving the fame, shall be again compellable to serve the said Office in less than Five Years after the End of such Service, or Payment of such Penalty.

LXXVIII. And, in order to ascertain the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act; be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause all or any of the Books or Assessments of Rates towards the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parishes within the said Borough, to be brought before them, and to take a Copy or Copies of such Books or Assessments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, without Fee or Rtward; and if any Person or Persons, in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books or Assessments shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the said Commissioners with such Books or Assessments in his, her, or their Custody or Power, or to permit or suffer the said Commissioners to take or cause to be taken a Copy or Copies thereof, then and in every such Case evtry such Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if such Assessor or Affcflors so nominated and appointed shall at any Time or Times neglect or omit to rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to pay or to be charged with any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, or shall in any such Rate or Assessment over-rate or under-rate any Person or Persons liable to pay any such Rate or Assessment, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to rate and

695

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

assess, in the said Rate or Assessment, such Person or Persons so omitted to be rated and assessed, and to lessen or raise the Rate or Rates, Asseff-ment or Assessments of such Person or Persons so over-rated or under-lated, or otherwise to alter or amend such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, so as to make the fame conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered to strike out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons not liable to the Payment of the Rates hereby directed to be made; and that all such Additions to, or Alterations or Amendments in such Rates or Assessments, shall be as valid and (ffeftual as if the fame had been Part of the Rates or Assessments originally made.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, :That One Moiety of all and every the Rates or Assessments hereby directed to be made as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Owner or respective Owners of the Messuages, Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brcwhouses, Brewing Offices, Granaries, Malthouses, Storehouses, and other Buildings, Gardens. Yards, Lands, Orchards, Paddocks, Closes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Rates or Assessments shall be made as aforesaid, his, her, or their respective Heirs or Assigns, and the other Moiety thereof by the Tenant or Occupier, or respective Tenants or Occupiers of such Premises, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators; but all such Rates and AfTcflinents shall from Time to Time be paid to the Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, by such Tenant or Occupier, or respective Tenants or Occupiers, his, her, and their Executors or Administrators; and all such Tenants and Occupiers, their Executors and Administrators, are hereby empowered to deduct and retain, cut of their respective Rents, such Sum or Sums of Money as they respectively shall pay for or on Behalf of the Owner or respective Owners of such Premises respectively, which Sum or Sums of Money so paid shall be considered as Money actually paid for Rent due or to become due to such Owner or respective Owners, who shall allow the Deduction upon the Receipt of the Remainder of his, her, or their Rent or respective Rents.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall remove from or quit any Property for or in respect of which such Persons shall be rated or assessed, or be liable to be rated or assessed, by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in Proportion to the Time that he, she, or they occupied the fame respectively, in like Manner as if he, she, or they had not removed from or quitted such Property; and in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any Property for or in respect whereof he, she, or they, shall be rated or assessed, or be liable to be rated or assessed as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person or Persons shall be removed, or which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment was empty or unoccupied, the Person or Persons coming into or occupying the fame Property (although his, her, or their Name or Names may not be inferred in the Rate) shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment, in Proportion to the Time that such Person or Persons shall occupy the fame, in like Manner as if he, she, or they, had been originally rated or assessed by Name for such Property,

Apportionment of Rates between Owners and Tenants.

Apportionment of Rates between quitting and incoming Occupiers.

696

Rites on Houses, etc. let into Tenements, or it 1 Rent not exceeding 8/. per Annum.

Rates on Houses let into ready fui-nished Lodging s.

Proeifion in Cases where there are mote Owners or Occupiers than One.

Houses, etc. unoccupied, rot rateable.

Exemption from Rates.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

such Proportion to be settled and ascertained, in case of Dispute, by the said Commissioners.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Messuage, House, or Building, within the said Borough, shall be let into separate Tenements, or into separate Rooms or Apartments, or where any Messuage, House, or Building, with the Yaids and Gardens thereto belonging, or any other Property within the said Borough, shall be let at art annual Rent not exceeding Eight Pounds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners in each and every such Case, to rate or assess the Landlord or Owner with the whole Rate or Assessment under this Act, and the Landlord or Owner shall in each and every such Case be charged with and liable to pay the Whole of the Rate or Assessment accordingly; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Landlord or Owner to recover of his or her respective Tenant One Moiety or Half Part of every such Rate or Assessment as Rent, and by the fame Means as he or she shall or may be enabled to recover his or her Rent or respective Rents. J

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Messuage, House, or Tenement, within the said Borough, shall be let into ready-furnished Lodgings, the Landlord or Owner of every such Messuage, House, or Tenement, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and shall be charged with and liable to pay the Whole of the Rate or Rares to be from Time to Time assefied for or in relped of every such Messuage, House, or Tenement.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Messuage or other Property, for or in respect of which any Rate or Assessment ought to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be let or demised to more than One Tenant or Occupier, or shall belong to more than One Owner, any One or more of such Tenants or Occupiers, or any One or more of such Owners, shall be deemed to be the foie Tenant or Occupier or foie Owner thertof, for the Purposes of this Act, so far as relates to the Payment or Recovery of all or any Rates, Assessments, Costs, Charges, and Expences, chargeable on such Tenants or Occupiers and Owners respectively, by virtue of this Act; and all such Rates, AssefTmems, Costs, Charges, and Expences, may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any One or more of such Tenants or Occupiers, or of such Owners, as the Case may be, in the same Manner as if such Tenant or Occupier, or Owner, were in fad foie Tenant or Occupier, or foie Owner.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay any Rate or Assessment to be made under the Authority of this Act, for or in respect of any Messuage, House, or other Building, or of any Land which shall be unoccupied during the Whole of the Quarter of a Year, in or for which the Quarterly Portion of Rate or Assessment demanded shall have become or accrued due.

LXXXVI. Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shallempower the said Commissioners to rate or aftcls any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, for or in respect of any Tythes Impropriate,

Appropriation

697

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Appropriation of Tythes, Modus, or customary Payment in lieu of Tythes, or for any Farm, Meadow, Pasture, or Arable Land, within the said Borough, other than for such Meadow, Pasture, or Arable Land, as shall abut upon or adjoin to some Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place, within the said Borough, to be paved in pursuance of this Act, or as shall adjoin to and belong to a Messuage, House, or other Building, which shall abut upon or adjoin to some such Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Per- Mode of Re-fons who shall be rated or assessed, or subject or liable to the Payment of of any Rate or Assessment to be made or laid, or made payable by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay such Rate or Assessment to any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Space of Five Days after personal Demand made by the Collector or Collectors thereof, or Demand in Writing under the Hand of such Collector, and left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and direct the said Collector or any other Person to levy such Rate or Assessment, and all Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels to be so distrained, on Demand, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall Proviiou in be deemed or taken to make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, mlnrfbttween between any Landlord and Tenant, or between any Body Politick or Cor- Landlords and porate, and any other Person or Person®, touching or concerning the Teiiam’-paving or repairing the said Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Paf-sages and Places, or any Part thereof, but that all and every Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick or Corporate, who is or are now obliged by virtue of any such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, to pave or keep in R-pa r any of the said Market Places, Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, shall in lieu thereof be obliged to pay the Whole of the Rates and Assessments hereby directed to be paid, or so much thereof as the said Commissioners shall deem to be just and reasonable, for and during such Time as such Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, shall continue in Force.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Rates on the said Commissioners to determine the Number of square Yards of Churches, Pavement belonging to or in the Charge of the Churchwardens and Chapel- Houfr"’, EAlms wardens of the respective Churches and Chapels, the Feoffees, Guar- Huuie», etc. dians, or Trustees, of or for the respective Meeting Houses or Places of Divine Woiship, and the Governors of the respective Hospitals or Alms Houses and Workhouses, within the said Borough, for or in respect of such Churches, Chapels, Meeting Houses, Hospitals, Alms Huufts, and Workhouses refj..eftively, and of the Yards thereto respectively belonging, and to rate and assess such Churchwardens, Chapelwardens,

Feoffees, Guardians, Trustees, and Governors respectively, with such yearly Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall judge [Lee. & Per.] 8 0 reasonable

698

R tte on the Mayor and Burgesses.

Le fires for long Terms, etc. deemed Owntrrs and Occupieis.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

reasonable to be paid, not exceeding Eight-pence for every square Yard of such Pavement; and that such yearly Sum or Sums to be rated, assessed, and charged as aforesaid, shall be paid by the lelpeftive Officers or Persons to be so rated, afiefled, or charged therewith, to the respective Cdleftorsto be appointed in that Behalf, in such Quarterly or other Portions as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and in case of Default in Payment, the said Rates or Assessments respectively, shall and may from Time to Time be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any One or more of the respective Officers or Persons respectively charged, in the same Manner as if such Officers or Persons respectively were actual Owners and Occupiers of the Property, and were or had been charged as such; and all such Officers or Persons respectively may charge the Sum or Sums co be so rated, afTcffed, and charged on them respectively, after Payment thereof, to or in their respective Accounts.

XC. And whereas the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough are by ancient Cullom liable to the Repair of the Pavement of, in, or upon the Market Places and Bridges, and divers void Spaces of Ground within the said Borough, and of, in, or upon the Streets adjoining to divers publick Buildings within the said Borough, and arc also liable to the Repair of divers S.wers, Drains, Grates, Sinks, Gutters, and Water-courses, used for cleansing the said Market Places and Streets, and divers Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the said Borough; be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Burgesses shall, in and by the Rates and Assessments to be from Time to Time made by virtue of this Act, be annually rated, afieffed, and charged with such a Gross Sum or Sums of Money as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, bear a fair Proportion to the Rates or Assessments to be from Time to Time afielfed and charged for or in respect of Property belonging to the several other Persons to be rated by virtue of this Act; which Sum or Sums of Money, to be so annually rated and assessed or charged, shall from Time to Time be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, by equal Quarterly Payments in every Year; and in Default of Payment, shall and m.y be levied and recovered by the fame Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of any other Rate or AssessVnent; and in Consideration of such annual Payment, they the said Mayor and Burgesses, shall be ex merated and for ever discharged from all future Charges and Hxpences of making, repairing, and cleanfng any of the Pavements, Sewers, Drains, Grates, Sinks, Gutters, and Watercourses, within the said B irough; and that all such Parts of or within the said Borough, as before the passing of this Act were or had been paved, repaired, or cleansed (by Means of such Sewers, Drains, Grates, Sinks, Gutters, and Watercourses, or otherwise), at the Expence of the said Mayor and Burgesses, shall for ever hereafter be paved, repaired, and cleanled, under the Directions of the said Commissioners.

XCI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Lessee or Lcfiees of any Messuages or other Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for a Term whereof Twenty-one Years shall be unexpired at the Time of passing this Act, or for the Remainder of a Term of

Twenty-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 699

Twenty-one Years or more, originally granted on Payment of a Fine or Premium, as Part of the Consideration for the Grant, or at a reserved Rent not equal to Two-third Parts of the annual Value, shall be deemed and taken to be both Owner and Occupier, or Owners and Occupiers, of such Messuages or other Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, for the Purpose of being charged with and liable to the Payment of the Whole of the Rates and Assessments to be made under this Act, during the Continuance of his, her, or their Lease or Leases, in the same Manner as if such Lessee or Lessees was or were seised therein respectively of or for an Estate of Freehold, and actually occupied the same.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall gain any legal Settlement in either of the Parishes within the Borough afore- not to gain a said, by reason only of his, her, or their being rated and assessed to, or Settlement, paying any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, or by reason only of his or their being appointed to, or accepting, holding, or executing any Office or Place of Employment whatsoever under or by virtue of this Act.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power to bor-and for any Nine or more of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, row Mon'y’ to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be laid and collected by virtue of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign all or any Part of the said Rates or Assessments to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with legal Interest for the lame; the Expence of such Alignment, and of the Copy thereof, to be made as hereafter mentioned, to be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Commissioners, and by the Lender of the Money, in equal Shares; and every such Alignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

AX/E of the Commissioners, appointed by or

1 in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and intituled, [here Jet forth the Title of this Act~\ in Consideration of the Sum of

advanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do hereby grant and assign unto the said A.B. [or, to his Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may require] his Executors, Admi- mstrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments

arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which m2y at any Time be bor-‘ rowed, or become due and owing, or be charged upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this , 4 Day of until the said Sum of

with Interest at per Centum per Annum for the fame,

shall be repaid and satisfied. In Witness whereof, we the said Commissioners have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the Day of in the Year .*

And

700 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

And every i'uch Security shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Power for Commissioners to raise Money by Annuities.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissionets shall think it adviseable or more advantageous to raise all or any Part of the Money to be borrowed under this Act, by granting Annuities for Lives instead of Assignments as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Nine or more of the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of Payment of his or her Conttibution or Purchase Money, by way of Tontine or with Benefit of Survivorship, so as that the total annual Amount of all Annuities to be so granted, shall not exceed a Sum equal to the annual Interest of the whole Sum advanced to the said Commissioners for the Grants of such Annuities, reckoning such Inten d: at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Expence of tvery such Grant, and of the Copy thereof, to be made as hereafter mentioned, to be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Commissioners, and by the said Contributor, in equal Shares; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

'\X7'E of the Commissioners, appointed by or in

‘ pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and intituled, [_set forth the Title ' of this' A A] in Consideration of the Sum of

paid by A.B. to C.D. the Treasurer, appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said A.B. an Annuity or yearly

Sum of out of the Rates or Assessments granted

‘ or arising by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity or yearly Sum of

shall be paid to the said A.B. or his Assigns,

‘ during the Term of his natural Life [or, as the Case may be, to the said

A.B. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the natural

‘ Life of C. D.~\ upon the Day ot in

1 every Year, during the natural Life of him the said

‘ at the Guildhall of the said Borough-, the fir It Payment thereof to be ‘ made upon the Day of next ensuing

‘ the Date hereof [here add Clause of Benefit of Survfaorship]: In witness

whereof, we the said Commissioners have hereunto set our Hands and

‘ Seals, the Day of in the Year

And every such Giant shall be good, valid, and elftftual in the Law; and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, out of the said Rates or Assessments, and other Money, according to the Grant of such Annuity.

6

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 701

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to power of and for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be transferring borrowed upon legal interest as aforesaid, or to be raised by the grant- ^Annuities ing of Annuities as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Admi- in a prescribed nistrators, or Assigns, as the Case may be, ar any Time, by Writing Form‘ under their Hinds and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effect following:

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of

‘ [or, an Annuity of secured to C.D. and his

Assigns, or his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as the Case may 4 be] by virtue of an Alignment [or, Gram of an Annuity]] bearing

Date the Day of under the Hands and

4 Seals of of the Commissioners acting in the Execution

4 of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and intituled, [set forth the Title of this All]

upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments granted or payable by the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame

4 Sum [or. Annuity] and all Interest and other Money now due and

owing thereon, unto E. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

4 Dated the Day of

And a Copy of every Security or Assignment, and of every Grant or Annuity which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, which Extract or Memorial shall specity and contain the Dates,

Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall at all reasonable Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and f>r the Entry of every such Transfer, the said Clerk shall he paid, by the Person to whom such Transler shall be made, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and every such Transler, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

XCVI. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the provision far Persons who shall have advanced and lent Money upon the Credit of the Payment the Rates or Assessments to be made and raised respectively by virtue of by Ballot'0" this Act, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners (if there shall be more Creditors than One) shall cause the Numbers of all Assignments or Securities granted and then in force for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Assignments or Securities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and after every such Ballot the said Commissioncis shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot;

[Loc. fc? Per.] 8 P and

702

Power to borrow Money at a lower Inte-relt to discharge Securities at a higher Rate.

Application of Money borrow ed.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

and where there is only One Creditor, to give Six Calendar Months Notice to such Creditor of the said Commissioners Intention to pay him or her as aforesaid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the same shall be paid on a Day and at a flace to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being sooner than Six Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of che Principal M ney to be lo paid off shall from and after the Day to be so specified cease, and lie no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice and not paid; but the Principal Money, in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day to be so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than the Assignments or Securities which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to charge the said Rates or Assessfnencs in Manner aforesaid, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and the Interest thereof at such low Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Assignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest, according to the Directions and Regulations herein prescribed for paying off Assignments or Securities.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to ariftr by or from the said Rates or Assessments hereby granted, or to be levied or received from Time to Time by virtue of this Act, and all the Money which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof, or advanced for Annuities as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commit’ sioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall be applied and disposed of in the fitft place in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences which shall be incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of Interest for the Money which shall have been advanced by any one for defraying such Charges and Expences; and in the next Place, from Time to Time in defraying the Charges and Expences of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Market Places, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, in the said Borough, and the Liberties thereof, in Manner hereby di rested, and of carrying the several other Purposes of this Act into Execution, and in paying and defraying all Colts, Charges, and Expences, which the said Commissioners or any of their Officers may sustain or be put unto in carrying this Act into Execution, or in prosecuting or defending any Prosecutions, Actions, or Suits, for or concerning any of the Monies granted or arising by virtue of this Act, or in any Manner relating to the Execution of this Act, or of any Thing to be done by virtue thereof, and for such other Uses and Purposes as are herein expressed, and for no other Ule, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to allow and pay, out of the Rates or Assessments aforesaid, unto the Owners of the Messuages and other Buildings situate in a certain Street called Little Port Street, within the said Borough, who have lately paved the Carriage Way of the said Street with Cobbles or

Pebbles,

7 °3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Pebbles, and made a Flag Stone Footway or Pavement on each Side of the said Carriage Way; and also unto the several Owners of the several Messuages and B hidings fuuate on each Side of a publick Lane called Page Stair Lane, for raising, paving, and improving the said Lane, such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall judge reasonable, for or towards, or in respect of the said Pavements, Flagging, and Improvements respectively.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may Provision for sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and that and defcfiding all Actions or Suits that may be necessary or expedient to be brought Actions in the for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by clerk.of th' virtue of this Act, or for or in respetff of any other Matter or Thing relating to this Act, may be brought in the Name of the said Clerk; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or prole-cured, by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension, or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Act or Default of such Clerk done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners; but the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit, as the Case may be, except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners and their Clerk, for the Time being, in which Action or Suit any One of the said Commissioners shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Commissioner, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs,

Charges, and Expences, as such Clerk or Commissioner shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being lo made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and shall not be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the fame, or any Part of them, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or commenced, or be defended, without the Order or Direction of the said Commissioners.

C. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at penalty on any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or moled, any of the Commis- Persons inter, sioners, or any Treasurer, Secretary, Clerk, Assessor, Collector, Receiver, ammitfng1 Surveyor, Watchman, or other Officer or Officers, Workman, Person or Workmen. Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed by virtue of this Act in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, or of any of the Matters or Things to be done in virtue or in pursuance thereof, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by The Mode of this Act imposed and incurred (for the Recovery whereof no other Me- Am^ikatmnof thod hath been directed by this Act), shall be levied by Distress and Sale Penalties and of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Forle‘iures. Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the Borough of King's L.ynn aforesaid, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to issue,

upon

704-

Form of Conviction of Offenders.

Power to ad-

minister

Oaths.

Proviso for Jimitinf the Time for Information of Offences.

Power for Inhabitants to be Witnesses#

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

upon Conftflion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath; and the Overplus of the Money (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and all such Penalries and Forfeitures when recovered, shall, if not herein directed to be otherwise applied, be paid to the TreaRirer to the said Commissioners, and be applied by them for such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and in case sufficienc Goods or Chattels cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said Borough, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

CII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against: this Act, or any Matter in pursuance thereof, the Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following, (videlicet)

; Borough of 1 r>E it remembered, That on this Day of the Voumy o" f in the Year of our Lord

Norfolk. J A.B. is duly convicted before

‘ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, of having

[herestate the Offence against the Act, at the Case may be] contrary to the ‘ Form of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided, and I [or, we, as

the Cafe may be3 do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath for-

feited for his [or, her, as the Case may be] said Offence, the Sum of

‘ Given under my Hand [or, our Hands, as

the Case may be] the Day and Year first above written.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Commissioners, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, are by this Act authorized or required to examine any Person or Persons on Oath, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and Justice or Justices respectively, to administer such Oath; and that if any Person or Persons shall, upon his or her Examination upon Oath before the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices respectively, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CIV. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act, for any Offence against this Act, unless Information shall be given of the Offence within Two Calendar Months next after such Offence shall have been committed.

CV. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, any Inhabitant of the Borough afore-

laid

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 705

said shall be deemed to be a good and competent Witness, notwithstandi ing his or her being charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act.

CVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, if he shall think fit, to deduct, allow, and pay, any Part of the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which shall be imposed and received of any such Offender convicted before him of any such Offence as aforesaid, unless herein otherwise directed (not exceeding One Moiety or Half Part thereof) to the Informer or Informers,

Witness or Witnesses, against such Offender, in such Shares and Proportions as to such Justice shall leem meet.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Appeal, or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment which shall be made or be demanded in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the said Commissioners at their First Meeting which shall be holden after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the Time of demanding such Rate or Assessment, and the said Commissioners at such Meeting are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Person or Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem reasonable; and if any Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners therein, or if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any other Order, Judgement, or Determination of the said Commissioners, or by any Penalty imposed, or by any Conviction made, or by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act, (save and except in such Cases where any Order, Judgement, or Determination, is herein directed to be final or conclusive, and save and except in such Cases for which any particular Method of Relief is herein appointed), such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the said Borough, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, or at any Adjournment of such Session, the Person or Persons appealing first giving or causing to be given to the Clerk to the said Commissioners Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, and within Ten Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Session or Adjournment thereof; and the Justices at the said Session or Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of such Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper, and shall and may, at their Discretion, discharge or mitigate all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Party or Parties appealing; and the Determination of the said Justices, in their said General Quarter Session or Adjournment thereof, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

{Lee. 6? Per.]

Power for Justices to make Allowances to Informers and Witnesses.

8£

yo6

Proceedings not to be quashed or removed by Certiorari.

Distresses not unlawful for want of Form merely.

Plaintiff not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

Limitation cf Actions-

[General Issue.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Rate, Affrffment, Judgement, Conviction, or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning any Offence against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster-, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Dcfeft or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Paity or Parties so distraining; buc the Person or Persons aggneved by I’uch Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

CX. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover, in any Action to be commenced against any PerLn or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Bthalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County of Norfolk and not cllewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his, her, or their Election, specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall have

707

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 37 ,

have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought t.r laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cases the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendant; and in all Cases where a Vtrdift shall be found for any Defendant or Delendants in such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nonfubed; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Colls of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Saving c'.ause nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be cotiftrued to extend, oTtheV'otvo* to take away, lessen, or diminish the Right of the Mayor and Burgesses ration, of the said Borough, or any of their Officers or Servants, to make, ered, set, or place Booths, Stalls, Benches, Forms, and other Things, within either of the Market Places in the said Borough, on Market Days, or within any of the Market Places, Streets, Lanes, or other publick Places, during the usual Times of holding any Fair or Mart within the said Borough, nor the Right of the said Mayor and Burgesses to any Ground Rents or other Rents, Tolls, Duties, or Profits whatsoever, heretofore payable to them the said Mayor and Burgesses, for or in telpect of any such Markets, Fairs, or Marts, or of any Booths, Stalls, Benches, Forms, or other Things, to be there made, erected, set, or placed as aforesaid, nor any other Right, Liberty, or Franchise whatsoever, belonging to the said Mayor and Burgesses, which is not by this Act expressly taken away, lessened, or diminished; but that the said Mayor and Burgesses, and their Successors, shall continue to enjoy all such Rights, Liberties, and Franchises, and to have, receive, and enjoy all such Rents, Tolls, Duties, and Profits, in like Manner as they could or might or ought to have done in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

> 4 % *'

m: fJfllK v . hi: i i.

Jl /-«» J to

‘ t.W - "£ '

...rf

- fU V; *w '

.. uJstBfl -

l*r:U f ’Hu J: i: '

1 Hi IsQ

*’r

‘ 1

': ‘ H ' iIX;

- U I: >: ilA at. r/v A-’ *MK1 .»trm I

I ’

.1 ;: t gj I tf i i. .1. W'lfct.-Wi ». tU'jAi ..,1

t ei , < ' t . ' '» <* 1

« ' . 1. I - jd.C.- t‘ l.l: H

X '* VitH «' ris

( j \ r "T . 11 . Sri^uki he* o V. J

b; ... |.u w; jui iy. tU&

r ‘ ' ... he,

; ' ' ' ’.vii t:; v:f. iH fern.

, "; . .,si i . .< jafL t>m t- > r.Mp:;of>

rb ' A ' J». t: i 1 :'! j: ll 'f\ r "

- _ A. s!q (.!...,-ql jub:..iw

<»/.r'AJi'r3 ;/>fc-re i-r? sbz-isP* vd ' :'CT"IOJ .^oi i ‘ 51. !jm Horn :3' - J oi zn:ahcI

£ M i

4 * *

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 38.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Port of Porthdinllaen, in the County of Caernarvon, to or near a Place called Caenant, in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Graig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of Llanyjlymdwy, and from a Place called Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, to or near to Cap el Cer~ rig, in the said County of Caernarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River Aberglajlyn in the said Counties. [x7th May 1803.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Port of Porthdinllaen, in the Did rift of Llun in the County of Caernarvon, through or near a Place called Tanygraig, in the Parish of Bodvean in the same County, to or near the Village of Llanyjlymdwy in the same County, and from thence through or near the Town of Criccieth, the Village of Penmorfa, and a Place called Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to the Town of Bala, in the County of Merioneth, at or near a Place called Caenant in the same County, and [Loe. & Per.] 8 R ' from

7io

Trustees for First District.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

from the said Place called Tahygraig to the Town of Pwllheli in the said County of Caernarvon, and from thence to or near the Village of Lla-nyjlymdwy aforesaid, and from or near the said Place called Ccrrig-y-Rhwydwr, through the Village of Beddgelcrt in the County of Caernarvon, along the Vale of Nantbwynant, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bangor Ferry in the said County of Caernarvon, to or near Pentre Voclas in the County of Denbigh, at or near a Place called Capel Cerrig in the said County of Caernarvon, through the several Parishes of Edern, Ceidio, Nejin, Bodvean, Llannor, Denio, Abercirch, Llanarmon, Llanyjiymdivy, Criccieth, Penmorfa, Ynyfcynhaiarn, Llanjihangel-y-Pennant, Beddgelert, Dolwyddelen, Capel Cerrig, and Llandegai, in the said County of Caernarvon and Llanfrotben in the said County of Merioneth, is very much out of Repair, and in many Parts thereof narrow, circuitous, frequently overflowed with Water, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and the fame cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, diverted, improved, repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And whereas if the said Road was amended, widened, diverted, improved, and repaired, and the Course thereof in some Parts varied and altered, and if a Bridge was erected and built across the River Aberglajlyn otherwise called The Hwynant, at or near the said Place caTled Cerrig y-Rhwydwr in the said County of Caernarvon, to the opposite Side in the Parish of Llanfrotben in the said County of Merioneth, with a proper and sufficient causeway or Embankment at the End of the said Bridge on the Merionethshire Side thereof, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage, and attended with much Convenience and Accommodation to the Owners of Estates, and other Inhabitants near the fame, and would open a much shorter and a better Communication than there is at present with that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and between other Parts of the Principality of Wales, and be of great publick Utility; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Newborough, the Right Honourable Richard Lord Penrhyn, Sir Robert Williams, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Sir Thomas Mojlyti, Sir Robert Williamet Vaughan, Sir Edward Pryce Lloyd, Baronets; the Honourable the Justices of the Court of Great Sessions, and the Attorney General, for the Counties of Caernarvon, Anglesey, and Merioneth, for the Time being; Robert Thomas Carr eg of Carr eg, Richard Edwards of Nanhoran, John Browning Edwards of the same Place, Richard Ellis of Gwynfryn Clerk, David Ellis of the same Place, Zaccheus Ellis of the same Place, Clerk; Thomas Ellis of Glasfryn Clerk, Richard Ellis of Dinas Clerk, Hugh Ellis of Caernarvon, Robert Evans of Bodvean Clerk, William Evans of Criccieth Clerk, the Honourable Charles Finch, John Griffith CtiLlanfair, WilliatnGriffithoI Caernarvon Clerk, Edward Griffith of Caernarvon, Hugh Griffith of Pwllheli Clerk, William Griffith of Bodegroes, William Glynne Griffith of Caernarvon, David Griffith of Meth-lent, Richard Griffith of Gray's Inn in the County of Middlesex, William Griffith of Cefncocb, William Hervey of Bodvel, Jeffrey Holland of Dolben-maen Clerk, Robert Meyrick Humphreys Clerk, Henry Jones of Caernarvon Clerk, Owen Jones of Caer Doctor Clerk, Griffith Jones of Cwrt Clerk, Thomas Parry Jones of Madrin, Thomas Parry Jones the younger of the fame

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 711

same Place, Rowland Jones of Wergloddfawr, Thomas Jones of the same Place, John Jones of Brynhtr, John Jones of Gelliwig, Evan Jones of the same Place, Humphrey Jones of TjlymUyn, Richard Jones of Cefnycoed, William Jones of Tymawr, Griffith Jones of the same Place, Thomas Lewis of Movnthazel, John Lloyd of Trallwyn Clerk, Richard Lloyd of Bodvel, William Alexander Madocks, John Edward Madocks, John Madocks, John Man-der of Bampton, Robert Morris of Sygan, Richard Nanney of Bachwcn Clerk, William Oakley of Tanybwich, Edward Owen of LJaniellyn Clerk,

Richard Owen of Ederr. Clerk, William Owen of Bronbaulog Ckrk, Owen Ormsby of Clenennau, Love Parry of Pennartb, Hugh Revely of Bryny-gwln, Thomas Roberts of Hendre Clerk, William Roberts of Hendrewen Clerk, Jolm Roberts of Cefnamwich Clerk, Hugh Rowlands of Tymawr,

Edward Williames Vaughan Salisbury of Rug, Thomas Asjhilon Smith of Vaem/y Thomas Asjheton Smith the younger of the same Place, Rice Thomas of Coedhelen, Rice Thomas the younger, of the same Place, John Thomas of Llxnfrothen Clerk, Griffith ap Howell Vaughan of Hengwrt, Gwyllym Lloyd Wardle of Wernfawr, William Williams of Plajhen, William Williams of Rhiw, David Williams of Saethon, Thomas Wright of Knutsford. Peter Williams of Llanbedrog Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, Owen Gethin Williams of Bottwnogy Clerk, Evan Williams of Caernarvon, Cletk, the Honourable Thomas John Wynne, Charles Watkin Williams Wynn,

William Wynne of Llandegwning, Robert Wynne of Llannercb, and their Successors, to be elected and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair, that Part of the said Road leading from the Port of Porthdintlaen, in the District of Llun, through or near the said Place called Tanygraig, in the said Parish of Bodvean, in the same County, to or near the Village of Llanyjlymdwy, in the same County, and from thence to or near the Town of Criccieth, the Village of Penmorfa, and a Place called Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to the Town of Bala, in the County of Merioneth, at or near a Place called Caenant, in the same County, and from the said Place called Tanygraig Bodvean to the Town of Pwllheli, in the said County of Caernarvon, and from thence to or near the Village of Llanyjlymdwy aforesaid, and for making such new Cuts or Lines of Road, and other Works, as may be necessary or adviseable for the Improvement of the fame Part of the said Road, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution with respect to the said Road; which said Road shall be and is hereby declared to be The First District of Road, hereby directed to be amended, widened, altered, diverted, improved, repaired, and kept in Repair.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Thomas Troftee»for Lord Newborough, the Right Honourable Richard Lord Penrhyn, Sir p^1Sfc"nd Robert Williams, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Sir Edward Pryce Lloyd, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Sir Robert Williames Vaughan, Sir Hugh Owen, Baronets; the Honourable the Justices of the Court of Great Seihons, and the Attorney General, for the Counties of Caernarvon, Anglesey, and Merioneth, for the Time being; Charles Nelson Cole of fuellyn, Robert Currie of Caernarvon, David Ellis of Gwynfryn, Hugh Ellis of Caernarvon,

William Evans of Treveilir, the Honourable Charles Finch, John Griffith of Llanfair, William Griffith of Caernarvon, Clerk, Richard Garnon< of Llanwnda, Richard Garnons the younger, of the same Place, John

Griffith

71* 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Griffith of Tryfan, Edward Griffith of Caernarvon, William Glynne Griffith of Caernarvon, William Griffith of Cefnrocb, Robert Meyrick Humphreys Clerk, Henry Jones of Caernarvon Clerk, Owen Jones of Ca'er DoElor Clerk, Thomas Parry Jones of Madrin, John Jones of Brynhir, Thomas Jones of Bryntirion, Thomas Jones of Caernarvon Surgeon, Richard Jones of Cefnycoed, Thomas Lewis of Mounthazel, Thomas Lloyd of Glangwnna, John Lloyd of Caernarvon Clerk, Evan . Lloyd of Porth-y’-raur Clerk, William Alexander Madoeks, John Edward Madocks, John Madoeks, Robert Morris of Sugan, Richard Nanney of Bachwen Clerk, Hugh Owen of Caernarvon Doctor of Physick, Owen Anthony Poole of Caernarvon, Richard Parry of Meillionen, William Roberts of Oakland, Hugh Rowlands of Tymawr, Robert Roberts of Caernarvon, John Roberts of Bangor, Thomas Asjheton Smith of Vaenol, Thomas Asjheton Smith the younger, of the same Place, Rice Thomas of Coedhelen, Rice Thomas the younger, of the same Place, John Thomas of Llanfrothen Clerk, Daniel Vaudrey of Hafod-hangraig, Gwyllym Lloyd Wardle of Wernfawr, Joseph Williams of Glan'rajon, John Williams of Dolwyddhelen Clerk, John Williams of Bettws-y-Coed, Henry Williams of Pentir Clerk, John Williams of Pentir, Benjamin Wyatt of Lime Grove, William White of Glafynfryn, John Williams of Caernarvon Clerk, Thonrns Wright, Peter Williams of Llanrug Clerk, the Honourable Thomas John Wynne, Charles Watkin Williams Wynn, William Wynne of Llandegwmng, Owen Molyneux Wynn of Pengwern, and their Successors, to be elected and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the other Part of the said Road leading from or near the said Place called Cerrig-y-Rbwydwr, through the Village of Bethgelert, in the said County of Caernarvon, along the Vale of Nanthwynant, joining the Turnpike Road leading from or nearly from Bangor Ferry, in the said County of Caernarvon, to or near Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of Llannfydd, in the County of Denbigh, at or near the Village of Cape! Cerrig, in the said County of Caernarvon, and for making such new Cuts or Lines of Road as may be necessary or adviseable for the better Improvement of the fame last mentioned Part of the said Road, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution with respect to such last mentioned Road j which said Road last described shall be and is hereby declared to be The Second District of Road, hereby dittoed to be amended, widened, altered, diverted, improved, repaired, and kept in Repair.

A cf ruin Part

III. And be it further enacted, That no Part of the Road leading from

becompieated t^le Place called Tanygraig Bodvean, to the said Town of Pwllheli, before any and from thence to or near the said Village of Llanyjlymdwy, shall be

ther Part. amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained, until the Road leading from or near the said Place called Tanygraig, through or near a certain Place called Rhydygwyjlill to the said Place called Llanyjlymdwy, shall have been amended, repaired, and fully compleated; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No aii-be

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said respective uTki-don' at ^ru^ecS be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the

Meetings. fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act,

(except

7*3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

(except as herein-after mentioned)} and that all Powers and Authorise* by this Act granted to the said respective Trustees, shall and may be exer* cifed from Time to Time by the major Patt of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act for each respective District of Road, the Number of such Trustees present ac every such Meeting not being lets than Five; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such respective Trustees present at such their several and respective Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such respective Trustees for the Time being,

(save and except as herein-after mentioned); and at every Meeting of the said respective Trustees a Chairman shall and may be appointed, and when and as often as it shall happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question, (including the Vote of the Chairman), it shall be lawful for the Chairman to give the decisive or calting Vote.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his acting he shall have or be leifed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or be Heir Apparent of some Person or Persons seised of such an F.state of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be in the Possession of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned, and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the said respective Trustees) unless he shall have taken and subscribed before any I wo or more of the said respective Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same, the Oath following; that is to say,

T DO swear, that I truly and bond fide am seised of, in my own o»th.

1 Right, [or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be] and in

the actual Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits

of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of ‘ Fifty Pounds, [or, am Heir Apparent of a Person who, to the best of ‘ my Knowledge and Belief, is seised of such an Estate of the clear ‘ yearly Value of One hundred Pounds; [or, am possessed of or enti-‘ tied to a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds.]

So help me GOD.*

And if any Person not being so qualified shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being [Loc. & Per.] 8 S convicted

7*4

No Person

holding any Place of Profit to act as a Trullee, etc.

ElefHon of new Trustees.

Trustees may sue and be filed in the Name of their Clerk.

Time and Place of the" First Meeting of the respective Trult cs.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

cdnvicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Direction of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That np Person who shall have or enjoy any Place of Profit arising out of or by reason of the respective Tolls hereby granted, shall be capable of ailing as a Trullee during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit, nor shall any Trustee be capable of acting in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested, otherwise than as a Creditor on the respective Tolls hereby granted and made payable: Provided nevertheless, that such Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace shall and may, in their respective Jurisdictions, act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Trustee or Trustees shall die or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees for each of the said Districts respectively, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the room or Head of each Trustee so dying or refusing to act; but Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election of a new Trustee or Trustees shall be given by the Clerk for the Time being to the said respective Trustees, by affixing a Copy of such Notice on each of the Gates or Turnpikes which Hull be then erected in the said respective Districts, at least Fourteen Days before every such Meeting; and every such Person who shall from Tune to Time be so elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution in the said respective Districts for which he shall be so elected and appointed, as if such Person had been named in and appointed by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act, shall and may sue and be surd in the Name of their respective Clerks; and that no Action which shall be commenced, (ued, prosecuted, or defended, by or against the said mpec-tive Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on Account of this Act, in the Name of their respective Clerks as aforesaid, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerks, or by the Act or Default of such Clerks, without the Consent of the respective Trustees, at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act; but the Clerk to the said respective Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that each such Clerk, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be re-imburled and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Charges, as by the Event of every such Proceeding he shall be put to or become chargeable with, by Occasion of his being lo made Plaintiff or Defendant.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the said First District shall meet at the House of Edward Jones, known by the Name of the Crown and Anchor, in the Town of Pwllheli aforesaid, on the

Fourth

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Fourth Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hums of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon: And the said Trustees for the said Second Distridshall meet at the House of DavidPricbard, known by the Name of the Goat, in the Village of Btddgelert aforesaid, on the Fourth Monday next after the passing of this Act, or as faon afrer as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Cluck in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; of which respective Meetings Notice shall tie given by Advertisement, to be inferred in some Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the Neighbourhood at lead Ten Days before such respective Meetings; and at which respective Meeting the said Trustees respectively shall proceed to the Election of a Clerk, and in the Execution of this Act, in their respective Districts; and shall and may at such respective Meetings, and at their several Meetings to be hokien in pursuance of this Act: in their said respective Districts, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet there or at any other Place or Places in or near the said respective Districts, and at such Time or Times as the said respective Trustees shall think most convenient, as ofeen as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution; and if at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day, (Two Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only) or in case the respective Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or refuse to adjourn, or shall adjourn for any longer Time than for Three Calendar Months, then and in either of the said Cases the Clerk to the said respective Trustees shall, by Notice to be inferred in such Newspaper or Newspapers, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, appoint the respective Trustees to meet at'the Place where the last Meeting was holden or was appointed to have been holden respectively, or at some other convenient House in or near the said respective Districts, on that Day Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was holden or was appointed to have been holden , and in case the Clerk to the said respective Trustees shall refuse or neglect to give or by any Means shall be prevented from giving such Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said respective Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk, by Notice in their own Names, to be inierted and affixed in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the said respective Trustees to meet at some convenient House in or near the said respective Districts, upon that Day Three Weeks after the Date of such last mentioned Notice; and that the said respective Trustees, at all their Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or No order, sv. Proceeding, made at any Meeting of the said respective Trustees holden to i« revoked in pursuance of this Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent °t a Meeting* Meeting, unless at a Meeting to be holden for that PurDofe, nor unless lioiden for the Notice, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be Notice pnvi. inserted in such Newspaper or New'papers, and affixed cn such Gates ously given, or Turnpikes as aforesaid, at least Fourteen Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three-fourths of the Trustees present

716

Meetings on Emergencies.

Orders and Proceedings to lie entered iii Books,

Trust«es may appoint Officers, and sllow Silaries.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. .36.

at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment it shall. Upon any Emergency, be thought necessary by the said respective Trustees that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than that Day to which the last Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk to the said respective Trustees, by an Order in Writing signed by any Two or more of such respective Trustees, (although not assembled at a Meeting), appointing the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, shall forthwi h give Notice of such earlier Meeting in the Manner before directed, such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice; and all Proceedings of the said respective Trustees, at such Meetings to be appointed as last mentioned, shall be as valid as they would have been in case the respective Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings of the said respective Trustees in the Execution of this Act, and the Names of the Trustees present at each respective Meeting, shall be entered in Books to be kept by their respective Clerk for that Purpose, and signed by the respective Chairman and Clerk present at each Meeting, or either of them; and that every such Book shall be open at all seasonable Times to the Inspection of any of the said respective Trustees, or of the Creditors on the respective Tolls hereby granted and made payable, who shall be at Liberty to have and take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, paying for every such Copy or Extract the Sum of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words; which said Entries duly signed as aforesaid shall be deemed Originals, and shall be read and admitted as Evidence in Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions in any Court whatsoever touching any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, respectively nominate and appoint One fit Person to be Clerk for each respective District, and the fame or One other fit Person to be Treasurer for the fame respective District, and Two or more fit Persons to be Collectors of the respective Tolls; and shall and may, within One Calendar Month after the Appointment of such respective Clerk and Treasurer, require and take such Security from such respective Clerk and Treasurer, and (if they shall think proper) from such Officers, by Bonds or otherwise, for the due and faithful Discharge of their respective Offices, as to the said respective Trustees, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, shall seem necessary and sufficient; and also shall and may in like Manner nominate and appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said respective Districts of Roads, and also such other Officers as they respectively shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act; and shall and may from Time to Time remove such respective Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, as they respectively shall fee Occasion, and appoint others in Cases of Death or such Removal; and that out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act in each respective District, such Allowances and Compensations shall and may be made to the several Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, and to such other Person*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 717

Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said respective Trustees shall seem proper.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers, and other Per- officers toac. fons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, tvhen there- 011 unto required by the said respective Trustees, deliver to such respective Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands of till Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received, by virtue of this Act, and how, and to whom, and for what Purpose the fame, or any Part thereof, hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify their said respective Accounts upon Oath; and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby required to pay all such Monies, as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render or give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath, (which Oath the said respective Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer), or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid; or it any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said tespective Trustees, ot to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, within Four Days after being the reunto required by the said respective Trustees, or their Clerk, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in their respective Custody or Power, in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said respective Districts, and Complaint shall be made of any such Refusal or Neglect to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refuting shall be or reside, by the said respective Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, duly authorized by their Order made at feme Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, such justice may and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to summon such Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons, to appear before him, and upon his, her, or their not appearing according to such Summons, then by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to be apprehended and brought before him, and upon his or their appearing or being brought before him, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced in such Manner as the said respective Trustees might have done according to the Directions of this Act; and if upon the Settlement of such Account or Accounts, or upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof forthwith, or at such Time or Times as he shall [Lor. iff Per.2 8 T allow

7.1,8 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 3#.

allow and appoint for the Paytnent of the fame, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and If no Goods of Chattels {half be found fuffieicnt to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Disttefs and Sale, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, when present before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose, flaall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of his, her, or their Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of any such Account, or of the Articles thereof, upon Oath as aforesaid. or to produce and deliver to the fard-Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in his, her, or their Custody or Power, in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or the said respective Districts, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid the said Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction in and for the County, District, or Place, where he, she, or they, shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they, shall have delivered in and settled his, her, or their Accounts, and shall have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such piftrefs and Sale as shall in that Respect have been made, or until he, she, or they, shall have compounded with the said respective Trustees, and paid the Composition Money to the said respective Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint to receive the same, (and which Composition the said respective Trustees are hereby in such Case empowered to make), or until he, she, or they, shall deliver up such Rooks, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or shall have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said respective Trustees i Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress only for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

v.J,'f 1 1, nit *r: full "l «: :i:/ rf

Tiuite's may

XV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, pnrary CoU~ absconding, Misbehaviour, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of leltors, etc. the respective Tolls, any Three or more of the said respective Trustees,' though not assembled at a Meeting holden in pursuance of this Act, shall and may from Time to Time nominate and appoint One other proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said respective Tolls in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver so dying, or becoming incapable, or absconding, misbehaving, or absendng him or herlelf, until the next Meeting of the said respective Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person in whose room or (lead he or (lie shall have been so appointed would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said respective Tolls who shall be discharged from hi*-said Office by the said respective Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or

Receiver

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38^ 7*9

Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refafe or neglect to deliver tip the Possession of any Hoafe or'Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, and the Garden and Appurtenances belonging to the fame, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given, or left on the Premises for that Purpose, by or under the Hands of any Three or more of the respective Trustees, or their Clerk or Treasurer, then and-in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Cotmty of Place in which such Toll House or Building shall be, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order arty Constable or other Peace Officer within the feme County or Place, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, ktid all and every Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said respective Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their Clerk, Or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof, with the Appurtenances.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in laying out the First District Power to erect of Road herein before mentioned, the said Trustees, for such First District

of Road, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in order or to form a Juhftion between the fame and the said Turnpike Road leading from 7 raetbmawr to the Town of Bala in the said County t>f Merioneth,

to make and erect a Bridge over the said River Aberg/ajlyn, otherwise called

the Hivynant, at or near the said Place called Ccrrig-y-Rbivydwr in thfe

said Parishes of Penmorfa and Llarifbangcl-y-Pennant, or One of them, in

the said County of Caernarvon, tO' the opposite Side in the Parish of

Llanfrothen in the said County of Merioneth; and also to make and erect

from the End of the said Bridge in the County of Merioneth, through the said Parish of Llanfrothen, over Part of Traethmawr Sctndi, a proper

end sufficient causeway or Embankment, to extend beyond High Water

Mark, to or near a certain Place called Tnysfordd, in the said Parish of

Llanfrothen.

XVII. And belt further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees Power to alter for the said First District of Road, and they are hereby fully authorized of Cihe*Co»rfe and empowered (in order to make and form a safe and secure Seat or of th- River Foundation for the Arch or Arches of the said intended Bridge, and to facilitate the erecting thereof) to divert or after the Course of the said

River Aberglaflyn, otherwise called the Hivynant, at or near the said Place called Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, by cutting through a certain Rock there situate on the Cacrnarvonshire Side of the said River, and leading the Course thereof through such new Cut or Channel in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think proper; provided that the said River shall, after the forming of such Seat or Foundation, and passing through such new Cut or Channel, resume its ancient Course at a proper Distance below the said intended Bridge: Provided also, that notwithstanding such Alteration or Di\ emon of the said River, the same shall and is hereby declared to be the Boundary between such Parts of the said Counties as lie contiguous or are adjoining thereto.

720 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

mct'foi0 C0"

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it Avail be lawful for the Bridge and said Trustees for the said First District of Road, from Time to Time, ocher Works, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons whomsoever, as well for the making of the said Bridge as all or any of the Cuts, Channels, or other Works to be made in pursuance of this Act, as for the upholding, maintaining, and keeping the fame in Repair, for any Time or Term not exceeding the Term of Seven Years, under such Terms, Conditions, and Redactions, and at such annual Sum or Sums as they shall think proper, so that Security be given by the Person agreeing or contracting for any of the said Works for the due and faithful Performance of the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements, to be therein contained.

Bridge and

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge, and the Roads amendat each End thereof for the Space of One hundred Yards, shall at all Times for ever hereafter be made, amended* improved, supported, repaired, and kept in Repair, by and out of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Fird District of Road; any Law, Act, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to ap.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it fit all be lawful for the said to make seat Trustees for the said First District of Road, to order and appoint such bankm n't*' an^ f° much Land and Ground adjoining the said intended C’aufeway or an men . JEmbankment as they shall think necessary, to be set out for the Seat of the fame; and for the making of One or more Cut or Channel, Cuts or Channels, and other Dykes, Drains, and Works, with Outlets, Paths, and Passages, in the Sides and to and from the same, as will be necessary for the making and repairing of the said Road, and effecting the Purposes of this Act.

power to XXL And, for the better preserving and effectually securing the said make Bank*, causeway, or Embankment, from the Influx of the Sea, and

all Floods which may at any Time or Times happen; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the said First District of Road, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to embank with good and sufficient Banks on such Sides and Parts thereof respectively as to them shall appear necessary and proper, and from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, to make, erect, raise, alter, support, and maintain the said Banks, in such Manner as to them shall seem meet and convenient; and also to dig, fink, make, erect, alter, maintain, and support all such Cuts, Channels, Drains, Dykes, Dams, Locks, Tunnels, Trays, Stamps, Outlets, Engines, and other Works, in and upon, or through any Lands or Grounds adjoining thereto, or in, under, upon, or through any such Bank or Banks as aforesaid, (making reasonable Recompence and Satisfaction in Manner herein-after provided to the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds) as they shall think necessary and proper for securing and preserving the said Bridge, causeway, or Embankment, without the Controul of any Person or Persons whomsoever; and such Banks, Cuts, Channels, Drains, Ditches, Dams, Locks, Tunnels, Trays, Stamps, Outlets, Engines, and other Works, which shall be so cut, made, and

erected.

721

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

creeled, (or such of them as the said Trustees shall direct) shall, after the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years from the making and erecting thereof, from Time to Time be cleansed, supported, maintained, repaired, worked, and kept in Repair, by the said Trustees for the said First District, and the Expence attending the same shall be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Cuts or Channels, or j?°tVo any Works whatsoever to be made by virtue of this Act, shall not be sub- Commission-jest to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order of any Commission of ers of s-wer:-Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the said Trustees for the said First District of Road for managing and superintending the building and finishing of the said Bridge, causeway, and Embankment, and the said Banks, Cuts, Channels, and other Works, to cut, dig, quarry, take, and carry away, or cause to be cut, dug, quarried, and taken or carried away, any Quantity of Earth, Stone, or other Materials proper for the effecting and doing the fame respectively, in, upon, out of, or from any Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever where die fame can be found; and such Satisfaction for the cutting, making, and ereftirtg such Banks, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Tunnels, Trays, Stamps, Oudets, Engines, and other Works, as shall be made or erected in, through, or upon any Lands or Grounds not being Part of Tracthmawr Sands aforesaid, and for digging, quarrying, and taking of Earth, Stone, or other Materials therefrom, for the Purpose aforesaid, or any other of the Purposes of this Act, shall be made by the said Trustees for the said First District of Road, or such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, to the Owners of such Lands, for the Damages he, fire, or they, shall thereby sustain, as shall be agreed upon between such Trustees, and such Owner or Owners respectively; but if the said Trustees for the said First District of Road, and such Owner or Owners, cannot agree concerning the Amount of such Damages, then the same shall be assessed, adjudged, and finally determined, by the Justices assembled at the next or some other Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County where such Lands shall lie, upon Complaint thereof made at such Quarter Sessions by such Owner or Owners, Notice thereof in Writing being given by him, her, or them, to such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, Fourteen Days before such Complaint shall be made.

rower to dig

Lands for Materials for Bridge, Banks, 4fr.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Pro- t"b,°rstto prietor or Proprietors of Lands or Grounds, by reason of the making md the Expence" erecting of such Embankment, or any Bank, Cut, Channel, or other °,f the Act» Works as aforesaid, shall in respect thereof be benefited, or the said Lands and Grounds be thereby better secured, improved, or increased in Value, by not being subject to the Influx of the Sea or any Flood, or otherwise, (the same to be decided upon, and determined by Two indifferent Persons, the one to be elected and chosen by the said Trustees for i [Loc. V Per.'] 8 U the

722 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

to' cSoTlf ^1C First District of Road, at a Meeting to be held for that Pur pole, tod cidc on and the other by the Party or Parties benefiting or to be benefited as afore-Airount of said), such Proprietor or Proprietors shall pay and contribute such Sum contribution. Sums of Moneyas shall, in the Judgement and by the Determination of the said Two Persons so to be elcfted and choitn as aforesaid, be a just and proper Contribution towards the Expences of obtaining and passing of this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, so far only as relates to the making and erecting of such Embankment, or any Bank, Cut, Channel, or other Works, in respect whereof such Proprietor or Proprietors shall or may be benefited as aforesaid, so that the Whole of the Money as shall be so adjudged and determined to be a just and proper Contribution as aforesaid, do not exceed Five Years Value of such Lands and Grounds, according to the Improvement to be made in the fame by such Embankment, or any Bank, Cut, Channel, or other Works as aforesaid; and if such Persons so elected and chosen cannot agree and determine what the Amount of such Contribution ought to be, then and in such Case the said Trustees for the said First District of Road shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, by the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Merioneth, (the said Trustees for such First District of Road to have such Powers and Authorities in respect to such Jury, and the Witnesses to be examined before them concerning the Premises, as herein-after is veiled and given to them with respect to the ascertaining the Damage and Recompence to the Owners of Lands when they refuse to treat); and the Verdict, Inquisition, and Judgement, or Determination had and made by such Jury shall be final, binding, and conclusive. On RefiiiM of to all Intents and Purposes; and in case the Person or Persons, who shall fre^rnTy be'f" liable to pay such Contribution by reason of such Verdict, Judgement, levied, etc. and Determination, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Merioneth, and he is hereby required and authorized, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed ’to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been ascertained to be the Amount of the Contribution of such Proprietor or Proprietors, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so neglecting and refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any), upon Demand, to the Person and Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after de-duding the Costs and Charges attending such Enquiry, Distress, and Sale; and in case there shall not be any Goods or Chattels to be found, or the fame being found shall be insufficient to answer, satisfy, and pay the Amount of such Contribution, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Proprietor or Proprietors so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Proprietor or Proprietors to the Common Gaol or House of Correction in and for the County, District, or Place where he, (lie, or they (h.-ll be or reside, there to remain until he, she, or they shall pay to the Treasurer for the Time being, the Amount of such Contribution, to be afieffed in Manner aforesaid; provided that no such Proprietor shall be detained in Custody under any such Commitment as Iaft-mentioned, for any longer Period than Six Calendar Months.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 723

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said ^",r;£e‘'rea First District of Road shall and may and they are hereby empowered to and xoii6* erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, in such Place or Places Houses, as they shall think most convenient and proper, Two or more Gates or Turnpikes, in, upon, and across that Part of the said Road which is within the same District, or on the said Bridge so to be erected and built as aforesaid; and that the said Trustees for the said Second District shall and may and they are hereby empowered to erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up in such Place or Places as they shall think most convenient and proper, One or more Gate or Turnpike, Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, and across that Part of the said Road which is within the said last mentioned District; and also shall and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, across, or on the Sides or Side of any Part of the said Road in their said respective Districts where any Road, Lane, or Highway, joins or meets the fame, as many Side Gates or Turnpikes as the said respective Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, with a Toll House and proper and necessary Buildings, Gardens, Conveniencies, and Fences, at or near to each such Gate or Turnpike, whether across the said Road or on the Side or Sides thereof, and shall and may respectively purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following ToUitobe shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees for the said respective Districts shall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the said Gates and Side Gates, or Turnpikes within the same Districts, before any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame $ that is to say,

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Tolls. Coach, Berlin, Landau, Machine, Hearse, Chariot, Chaise, Calafti, Caravan, Chaise Marine, Litter, Bed Carriage, Curricle, or other such Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast or Cattle, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Scote, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number; and for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Pigs, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And

For every Person crofting or passing on Foot, without any Beast or Carriage, along the said Bridge, the Sum of Two-pence.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if the Double Toli« said Trustees for the said First Didrift of Road shall set up or cause to tob"aken* be set up and erected, any Gate, Turnpike, or Side Gate, within Half a Mile of Traetbmawr Sands, such Distance to be reckoned and computed from High Water Mark, at any Time during the highest Spring Tides, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to ask, demand, and take, at such Gate, Turnpike, or Side Gate, by such Person or Persons so to be nominated

724 . 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

minated and appointed as aforesaid, before any Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, or other Beall, shall be permitted to pass through the fame. Double the Tolls herein-before directed to be taken; and that on every Sunday after the passing of this Act there shall be demanded and taken at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes to be erected and let up by virtue of this Act within the said respective Districts, by such Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, before any Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, or other Bealt, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, Double the Tolls before directed to be taken on any other Day of the Week.

Toils vetted

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Tolls ti'vehTrulu» be and they are hereby vested in the said respective Trullees, and shall be paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of lor the Use, Benefit, and Advantage of such District of Road only as the fame may arile in or shall be received or collected by virtue of this Act.

levie UjY d r

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons fub-t'efs ani s Je. jest to the Payment of any such Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, refuse or neglect to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said respective Tolls, by himself, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary (and which Allillance all Persons are hereby required to give if called upon), to seize and distrain any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beall or Cattle, upon which such Toll is by this Act imposed, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Harness, or Accoutrements; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining, shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Beall, or Cattle, or their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Plarness, or Accoutrements so seized or distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus, (if any), upon Demand, and what shall remain unfold, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure and Distress, shall be deducted and paid.

td but'once

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who in re pitting, shall have paid Toll for passing through any Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to any Toll for returning through such Gate or Turnpike the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night of the same Day, with the fame Horse or Horses, Cattle or Carriage, but shall return Toll-free on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such respective Gates or Turnpikes, which Note or Ticket such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Receipt of the Toll.

XXXI. Provided also, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Side Gate or Turnpike within either of the said Districts, for any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, which shall only cross the said Road, and which shall not go or travel, or be driven thereon, exceeding the Distance of One hundred Yards.

except, (sc.

No Toll to-be demanded for only eroding the Rood.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 725

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute DVputescon-shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of taking, ^bHVttitd keeping, or felling any Distress or Distresses, it shall be lawful for the by a Justice. Collector or Person taking such Distress to retain the fame, or the Money

arising by Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Quantity of Tolls due, and the Charges of taking, keeping, and felling such Distress or Distreffes shall be ascertained either by some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Caernarvon and Merioneth (in their respective Jurisdictions) who, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter on the Oath of the Parties, or of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered to administer) and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and affcls the Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collector's Attendance on such Justice or Justices for that Purpose, all which Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person before he shall be obliged to return any Distress, or the overplus Money after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, Co1 tof or Litigation, shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said re- be competent spective Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to col- witnesses. left the fame respectively, or any other Person or Persons acting by or

under the Authority of the said respective Trustees, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Bridge, dr. said Bridge, and the Causeway or Embankment herein directed to be andxoli* made, and of all the said respective Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and Houses veiled other Buildings, with the Gardens, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto tu^Vt'uftees respectively to be erected or provided, upon, at the Side of, or near the said Road in the said respective Districts, and of the Materials for building or altering the fame respectively, and all the Materials, Tools, and other Things which shall be provided, collected, or made life of for making, repairing, or improving the said Roads, shall be and the same are hereby respectively vested in the said respective Trustees for the Time being, and they the said respective Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Actions or to prefer Bills of indictment’against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take away, or damage any of such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Gardens, Fences, Materials, Tools, or other Things as aforesaid, or refill or disturb the said respective Trustees, or any of their respective Collectors or other Officers in the Possession thereof, or of any of them, or in the Execution of their or his Duty under this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Truf- Trustees may tees, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose in their respective lower Xolls’ Districts (whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be inserted in such News- again"if'ne-" paper or Newspapers, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as afore- ceflary. said, may and they respectively are hereby empowered from Time to Time to lower or reduce all or any of the said respective Tolls hereby granted, and also any additional Tolls pasable by any Act or Acts of

726 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Parliament now in force for Over-weight, in such Manner as to them respectively shall seem fit and convenient, and to order such respective Tolls so lowered or reduced to be collected and received in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they respectively shall think fit, so that such Reduction be no Prejudice to, and be with the Consent of Five-sixth Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall have advanced any Money on the Credit of this Act within the said respective Districts at the Time of such Reduction, and the said respective Trustees may and they are hereby empowered to raise the said respiCtive Tolls again, or any Part thereof, so that the fame do not exceed the respective Tolls herein-before granted and made payable , and such respective Tolls so lowered or reduced, and raised again, shall be collected, recovered, paid, applied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner as the said respective Tolls herein-before granted and now payable as aforesaid, are respectively directed to be collected, recovered, paid, and applied.

Tmittes may

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

TcJJi.°Und respective Trustees from Time to Time to compound for One Year only, or for any less Period of Time as they respectively shall think proper, with any Person or Persons, for any Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, travelling on the said Roads in their respective Districts, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Hoifes, Beasts, or Cattle, at the Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes, in each respective District; and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance quarterly, or otherwise as the said respective Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thereof the Composition Money shall be void.

Penalty on diipofing of, or using Tickets to evade the Tolls.

Trustees empowered to leaf* the Tolls.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall dispose of or fell, or offer to dispose of or fell, any Ticket to any Person or Persons in order to evade the Payment of any of the said respective Tolls, every such Person so offering, diipofing, or felling of such Ticket or Tickets, and the Person or Persons receiving and making use of the fame, shall respectively forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act within the said respective Districts.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees may and they are hereby authorized and empowered respectively, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, upon Fourteen Days Notice being inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers, and to be affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, to lease, demise, or let to farm, all the respective Tolls granted by this Act in their said respective Districts, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, at and for the best yearly Sum or Sums of Money which can be gotten for the fame: Provided always, that every Lease, Demise, or Agreement for the letting, demifing, or leafing thereof, be made in Writing, and duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming the said Tolls respectively, and by the said respective Trustees, and be not made for a longer Space of Time than for Three Years at any One Time 5 and the Monies which shall be so agreed to be paid for the said respective 'lolls, shall be made payable and paid to the Treasurer of the said respective Trustees for each respective District as aforesaid, by quarterly Payments , and the Person or Persons to whom the said respective

727

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

live Tolls shall be so leased, shall always pay One Quarter’s Rent in Advance; and that the Person or Persons to whom the said respective Tolls shall have been leased, demised, or farmed as aforesaid, shall be liable to account for the fame Rent to the said respective Trustees; and in case of Non- payment thereof, the same shall and may be levied and recovered upon and from him, her, or them, by the fame Ways and Means, and in such Manner as any Monies are herein directed to be levied and recovered from any Officer or other Person appointed by and liable to account with the said respective Trustees as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, Exemption That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Cattle or Carriages laden from Tolli‘ only with Stone, Brick, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, or for repairing any of the Roads or Highways in any Township, Parish, or Place, through which the said Roads lead, or laden only with Lime, Sand, Dung, Marl, Soil, Mould, Compost, or other Manure, of what Nature or Kind soever, to be used in manuring or improving of Land; or for any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Hay, Hay Grass, Sanfoin, Fodder, Straw, 01 Corn in the Straw, (except Carts or Carriages laden with any Hay or Straw for Sale); or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Huffiandry; or for any Cattle or Carriages going empty and unladen for, or returning empty and unladen after having carried such Scones, Bricks, Gravel,

Sand, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or for the repairing the Highways in any Township, Parish, or Place, through which the fame or any Part thereof lead, or going empty or unladen for, or returning empty or unladen after having carried such Lime, Sand, Dung, Marl,

Soil, Mould, Compost, or other Manure of any Kind or Nature whatsoever, to be used in manuring and improving of Land, or any Hay or Corn in the Straw, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; or of or from any Person or Persons in any of the said Townships,

Parishes, or Places, for parting through any of the said Turnpikes on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church or other usual Place of religious Worship licensed according to Law; or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corpse or attending the Funeral of any Person to be interred in any of the said Parishes; or for any Cattle belonging to any of the Inhabitants which shall be only going to or returning from Pasture or Water; or for any Cattle or Carriage belonging to any Inhabitant of any Township, Parish, or Place, wherein any such Gate or Turnpike shall be erected, which shall be only parting to the Smith’s Shop in order to be ffioed, farried, or repaired, or for the Return of any such Cattle or Carriage unloaden , or for any Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Hdbandry, going to or returning from any Wheelwright’s Shop, empty and unladen, to be altered or amended or being made new, in parting through any Gate from the said Smith’s Shop to the Place of residence of any such Inhabitants or for any Cattle or Carriage going to or returning from any Corn Mill or any Oat-kiln for or with any Corn,

Grain, Malt, Wheat, or Flour for the Owner’s Use or Consumption iri his or* her Dwelling House and not for Sale; nor shall any Toll be demanded

72S

pcnMty on Persons yoing through private Grounds to avoid the Tolls.

Power to remove Gates within the Limits prescribed.

No Gate to be removed unless by Order at a Meeting held for the Purpose.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

manded or taken for any Horl'es or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, or in returning back from conveying or guarding che fame; or for the Horl’es of Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for Cattle or Carriages attending them or laden only with their Arms or Baggage; or for Horses or Carnages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Palfes; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calalhes, Chaises, Chairs, or Pafftngers on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the said Counties of Caernarvon and Merioneth, or either of them, on the respective Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Occupier of any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pals through or over any part of their said Lands, or through any Gate, Passage, Inclosure, or private Way, with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage; or if any Person or Persons shall pass through or over any such Lands, Gate, Passage, Inclosure, or private Way, with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage or if any Person or Persons shall take o(f or cause to be taken off from any Carriage any Horse or other Bead, or any Part of the Loading of any such Carriage, in order to lessen or reduce its Weight, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said respective Tolls, or whereby the Payment of any of the said respective Tolls or any Part thereof respectively shall or may be avoided, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Thirty Shillings.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees from Time to Time to take down and remove any Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, and any Toll House, Building, or other Conveniencies erected or provided by virtue of this Act in their said respective Districts, and to let up the fame again at any other Place or Places within the same respective Districts, except as herein-before mentioned.’

XLII. Provided nevertheless, That no Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, shall at any Time after the same shall be so let up, be taken down or removed to any other Place, except by Order of the said respective Trustees at a Meeting convened for that Purpose, and unless Notice, specifying the Intention of taking down and removing such Gate, Side Gate, or Turnpike, and the Place to which the fame is proposed to be removed, be inferred in such Newspaper or Newspapers, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid Twenty-one Days at lead before such Meeting,; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 729

Xlilli. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said Trustees en-First District, shall and may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of on the Credit Money which they shall think necessary and sufficient for the making of the Toils, amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving; repairing, and keeping in Repair the Road within the said First District, and making, erecting, and maintaining the said Bridge and causeway or Embankment, and foT otherwise carrying this Act into Execution in respect of the fame District, upon the Credit of the said respective Tolls herein-before granted and made payable at the several Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes on the said First District of Road; and that the said Trustees for the said Second District of Road shall and may, in like Manner, from fime to Time borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary and sufficient for the repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road within the said Second District, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution, in respect of the fame last mentioned District, upon the Credit of the said respective Tolls herein-before granted and made payable at the several Gates,

Side Gates, or Turnpikes on the fame last mentioned District of Road; and that the said respective Trustees shall and may from Time to Time, by Assignment or Mortgage in Writing under their Hands and Seals, assign over or mortgage the said respective Tolls, on the Credit whereof respectively any such Hum or Sums of Money shall or may be borrowed and taken up as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls respectively (the Charge of such respective Alignments or Mortgages to be paid out of such respective Tolls), for any Perm during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed and taken up upon the Credit of such respective Tolls aforesaid, together with Interest; for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling Idoufe of the respective Treasurers for the Time being to the said respective Trustees; all which Assignments or Mortgages shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet),

t)Y virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Form of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title Mortgage.

of this sftT\ We of the Trustees acting in the Execution

‘ of the said Act for the First [or, Second, as the Case may be] District

of Road, therein mentioned, in Consideration of the Sum of

paid by to the Treasurer to the Trustees for the fame District; do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto

‘ the said his [or her] Executors, Administrators,

‘ and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act within the said District, and also of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses

for collecting the fame, as the Sum of

c doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at any Time be bor-

rowed or become due and owing, or charged on the Credit thereof, to

‘ be had and lxftden from this Day of in the

‘ Year of our Lord for and during the

Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

[Loc. Esf Per.'] 8 V

73°

43° GEORGII III.

with Interest at the Rate of

‘ Annum, shall be sooner paid and satisfied. ‘ and Seals, this . Day of

‘ Lord

Cap. 38.

per Centum per Given under our Hands in the Year of our

Creditors may aliign their Securities.

And Copies of all such Assignments or Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said respective Trustees; and which Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected by the said respective Trustees or Mortgagees, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, without Fee or Reward; and every Person to whom any such Assignment or Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his or her Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the fame, and to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by any Writing under his or her Hand and Seal, before One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet),

T [_or We, as the Case may be] being entitled

‘ to the Sum of secured to

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue of an Assignment or

Mortgage, bearing Date the Day of under

the Hands and Seals of of the Trustees acting in the Exe-

‘ cution of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this

ACt~\ for the First [or, Second, as the Case may be~\ District of Roads

therein mentioned, upon the Credit of the said Act, do hereby transfer

‘ all my [or our, as the Case may be] Right and Title in and to the fame, ‘ and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, ‘ unto Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

‘ Day of in the Year of our

Lord

Witness

Assignments And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the respective

t°redreg"* Clerks for the Time being to the said respective Trustees, within Twenty

Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, for which the fame Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees may in like Manner transfer the fame again, and so toties

quoties; and every such subsequent Transfer shall in like Manner as

aforesaid, be produced and notified to the said respective Clerks, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, and shall be paid the like Sum for making the same as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except such to whom the same shall be last transferred) to make void, release, or discharge the original Security or Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be, in Proportion to the Sums of Money therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the respective Tolls upon the Credit whereof respectively

73i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

spectively the same shall be borrowed, in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Assignments or Mortgages respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by all the Tolls hereby granted and made payable at the several Gates, Side Gates, or Turnpikes, which shall be erected on the said First: District of Road, and which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof as aforesaid, and all other Monies and Payments whatsoever arising, and to be paid or received as Compositions, Fines, or otherwise, by Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, within and for the said First; District, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees acting within and for the fame District, and the same shall be applied and disposed of in the First Place in Payment and Discharge of a proportionable Part of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act; and in the next Place in paying and discharging the Interest and Principal of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act in respect of the said First District, and the Charges and Expences of amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road lying within the said District, and in making, erecting, maintaining, and keeping in Repair the said Bridge, causeway, Embankment, and other Works and Roads appurtenant or belonging thereto, and all other Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution in respect thereof; Provided nevertheless, that the Interest of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said First District of Road, shall in the first Place, from Time to Time, be duly and regularly paid, as the fame respectively shall become due and payable, out of such Tolls, before such Tolls shall be applicable to any other Purpose whatsoever.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by the respective Tolls hereby granted and made payable at the Gate or Turnpike Gates, Side Gates or Turnpikes, which shall be erected on the said Second District of Road, and which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof as aforesaid, and all other Monies and Payments whatsoever arising and to be paid or received for Compositions, Fines, or otherwise, by Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, within and for the said Second District, shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees acting within and for the said Second District, and the same shall be applied and disposed of, in the first Place, in Payment and Discharge of a proportionable Part of all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards in paying and discharging the Interest and Principal of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act in respect of the Second District, and the Charges and Expences of amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Second District of Road, and all other Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, in respect of the said last mentioned District: Provided also, that the Interest of the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act on the said Second District of Road shall, in the first Place, from Time to Time be duly and regularly paid, as the same shall become due and payable, out of the Tolls to be collected within the said District, before such Tolls shall be applicable to any other Purpose whatsoever.

Application of the Tolls, etc. on the F rlt District of Road.

Application of the Tolls o i the Second District.

732

Colts of obtaining this Act to he proportionally divided between the Two Districts of Road.

Trustees may make, alter, and divert the Roads, etc.

Bodies Politick, etc. empowered to fell.

"Where Owners of Lands refute to treat, Damage and Recom pence to be settled by a Jury, etc.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Cosh, Charge?, and Expence?, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, between the said respective Districts, in Proportion to the total Amount of the Tolls to be collected therein respectively, within the First Three Years after the passing of this Act; and the said respective Trustees are hereby required and directed to apportion and pay the fame thereout accordingly, in Preference to any other Payment or Payments whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall and they are hereby respectively fully empowered, from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to make, divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter, the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads comprized in this Act lying within their respective Districts; and that the said Roads, or any Variation thereof, may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet, and that any Alteration, Diversion, Variation, or widening of Road, may be made through any Common or Waste Ground without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and P rfons interested therein for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees to treat, contract, and agree, with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, or changing the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and other Trustees whatsoever, not only for or on Behalf ot themselves, their Heirs and Successors respectively, but also for and on Behalf of Infants, Femes Covert, and Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons whomfhever, to treat, contract, and agree, with the said respective Trustees for the Sale of such Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interests therein, for the Purposes of this Act, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be or require; and ail Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statu e, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Persons shall be and they are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Acc.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any such Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, or any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice in Writing, by the Clerks for the Time being to the said respective Trustees, to him, her, or them given, or left at the Dwelling House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Pofttflion of the Lands and Hereditaments intended to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Road, or

through

733

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

through which the said Road is intended to be diverted or varied as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case, the said respective Trustees shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oath of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said respective Counties (which Oaths any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administerl what Damage will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on Account of the taking of such Lands or Hereditaments into the said Roads, or of making, widening, diverting, varying, or changing the said Roads through the fame; and in order thereunto the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summon before the said Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined concerning the Premises, (which Oath any Two or more of the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) , and they the said respective Trustees shall, by ordering the said Jury to view the Places in question or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, they the said Tespective Trustees shall order, adjudge, and direct, the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be lo assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners or Proprietors of, or Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Expectancy, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as prefenr. Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and all and every Person and Persons anywise interested in such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, excluded and diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, of, in, to, or out of the same.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That for the summoning and returning such Jury or Juries, the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals respectively, to the Sheriff of the County where the respective Premises may lie, thereby requiring such Sheriff to impannel, summon, and return, an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said respective Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, and the said Sheriff or his Deputy is hereby required to impannel, summon, and return Twenty-four such Persons as aforesaid; and out of the Persons so impannelled and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said respective Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid, and for such othei Purposes as are required by \L»c. fc? Per.] 8 Z this

Vrrd’ct of Jury to fce Anal.

By Trustees

Warrant Stie-riff to impannel a Jury.

734

Jury to be cnailenged, and Sheriff and Jury fined for Default.

Money allowed for Lands, tic. how to be charged and tendered, ttc.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

this Act; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or Deputy shall and is hereby required to return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve; and that the said respective Trustees, and all Persons interested, shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and that the said respective Trustees acting in the Premises shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputies, or on any Bailiffs or Agents making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who being summoned and returned on such Jury shall not appear, (except for some reasonable Excuse), or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, (contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act), and on any Person or Persons who being summoned to give Evidence before the said Jury as aforesaid touching the Premises shall not attend, (except for some reasonable Excuse), or attending shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence touching the fame, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any Person for One Offence.

L. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby charged on the said respective Tolls, or upon the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of such Tolls respectively, and shall be paid thereout accordingly, either into the Bank of England, or as the Case may require, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and that upon Tender or Payment thereof to such Persons respectively, or to their Agents, and in case of Refusal to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the respective Treasurer for the Time being to the said respective Trustees, for the Use of such Persons, it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees, their respective Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into or upon, and to take or add to the said Roads such Lands and Hereditaments, and to do all and every such Act, Matter, and Thing, in relation to such Lands and Hereditaments, as the said respective Trustees shall think proper; and the said Lands and Hereditaments so added to, taken in, or made Part of the said Roads, shall be fenced from the adjoining Lands by the said respective Trustees, and shall be deemed and taken to be for ever thereafter a Part of the Roads hereby directed to be amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be a publick and common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Roads hereby appointed to be amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, are by this Act to be repaired; and after such new Roads shall be completed, the Lands and Grounds constituting the old or former Road (unless leading over some Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place, to which such new Road doth not lead) shall be vested in the said respective Trustees, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by them reflectively (if they shall think fit) for the best Price that can be reasonably gotten for the fame; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, within the said respective Districts j and a Conveyance of the said old Road, being executed by the 1 said

735

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

said respective Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said respective Counties, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wherever the Owners of Course of the said Road shall be altered by virtue of this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Road, to have Purchnfe of such old Road (if the same shall be to be sold) shall be first ^he^oid*" made to the O wher of such adjoining Land, which shall be cut and used Road, for the Purpose of making such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be defircus of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said respective Trustees for the Price to be paid for the same, and such Owner shall {fill be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such Man. ner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by the said Jury to be the Value thereof, and in case he shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the respective Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said respective Trustees, and Tender of such Conveyance as, aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by the said respective Trustees, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record:

Provided nevertheless, that if such Owner shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees, and they respectively are hereby required to convey and assure the same to such Person, by causing the same to be entered in their respective Books of Proceedings in their respective Dif-tricts, and delivering to such Person a Copy thereof signed by the said respective Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

LII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said respect Trustees cm. tive Trustees are hereby empowered and required to make by virtue of j^'ound this Act, they may happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, not wanted over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this for the Pur-Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Act.S° ' Trustees to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels as they shall find mofl advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

LIIT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said respect persons from tive Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of the said Piece or Pieces whom such of Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from ha^been^ whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground; and in purchased to case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall Pl* refuse to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Mailer Plxtraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, Rating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said respective Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient

736

How the Ex-

jpences of the Jury shall be paid.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be deft-rous of re-purchasing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said reflective Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Pietnifes to be purchased by the said respective Trustees in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said respective Trustees, mulatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said respective Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessmenc for more Money, as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said respective Trustees before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by the said respective Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, that then the Colts and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences incident thereto, shall be borne and paid by the said respective Trustees, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act within their respective Districts j but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said respective Trustees before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Re: compence and Satisfaction for any such Rights, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for more Money than shall have been, offered to be accepted or taken for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences incident thereto, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said respective Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some One Justice of the Peace for the said respective Counties, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said respective Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided

737

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in Cases where any Person or Persons shall, byreason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said respective Trustees, the Whole of such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said respective Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed ApplicationoF or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Compensation purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the when'amount. Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, ingto»«o/. Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said respective Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- when the . taments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- hTffthan'10" ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or »oo/.and Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred excee<1*,o/-[Loc. Ss5 Per.3 9 A Pounds,

7 38

Application where the Money is less than ioI.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, either be paid into the Bank, of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said respective Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said respective Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Power and Authority given to the said respective Trustees as aforesaid, shall not extend to the taking down of any Dwelling House or other Building, or taking in the Scite of any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, or to take in any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Grounds planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the several Persons interested therein respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

ta't of Ue'fc P-III. And be it further enacted, That the Road hereby authorized to verat Parithcsj be amended, widened, turned, and varied shall be deemed and taken to be Townfh.ps, and shall be a publick Highway for ever, to all Intents and Purposes Fi'aw'sfmade whatsoever; and that the Owners of Estates, and the Inhabitants of the liable to repair several Parishes, Townships, Distriffs, or Places through which the said the Ko*d. Road shall lead, pass, and extend shall be and for ever continue subject and liable to the Repair thereof, in like Manner in every Respect as they are by Law liable to the Repair of any other Common Highway in the said Townships, Parishes, or Places.

tins'w‘S a" ^X. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute

&aUheap- Work ought to be performed on the said Roads by the Inhabitants of

portioned. the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through

which

Trustees not to take down Houses, &?c.

739

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

which the said Roads pass; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, being acting Justices of the Peace for the said respective Counties, from Time to Time to adjudge and order what Part of the Statute Work shall be done in or upon the said Road hereby directed to be amended, improved, and kept in Repair, and for what Space of Time and in what Manner the same shall be done upon the said Road, by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Distri&s, or Places in or through which the said Road palles.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways, or the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, in all the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Road pafles, shall yearly and every Year, within Ten Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing, by the Surveyor, Clerk, or Treasurer of the said Roads, in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of Two or more of the said Trustees, being acting Justices of the said respective Counties, give and deliver to the Person making such Demand, a true and exact Lift or Account in Writing under their respective Hands of the Christian and Surname of every Person in their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Road in such Parishes, Town-ships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places, and shall set forth and specify in such Lift what each Person is respectively chargeable with for and towards the fame, and such respective Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors shall (within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said Turnpike Surveyor of the Time or Times when and where, and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid are to perform their respective Statute or Days Work), summon or give Notice thereof in the Mode prescribed by Law to the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refuse to do as he and they is and are hereby required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorrect or imperfect Lifts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Road, shall, after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to fend their respective Teams, Draughts, Carts, or Wains, furnished with Labourers, Oxen, or Horses, according to the Custom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform such their respective Days Works upon the said Road, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain shall be wanting, or #iall not be duly employed in that Service; and if any Person or Persons who shall be sent with any Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent, it shall be deemed as if such Team, Wain, Draught, or Cart had not been lent to work on the said Road, and the same Sum shall be accordingly forfeited and paid; and if any Statute Work shall not be performed within the Year in which the fame is due, the same shall be performed in the Course of the succeeding Year.

For regulating the Personn-ance thereof.

740

How Trustee* may compel Surveyors to account for Composition Money.

Power to compound for Statute Work.

>'or recovering the Com-po fit ion Monies.

43° GEORGII III. Cap:

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees at any of their Meetings,by Writing under their Hands, to fuminon all, every, or any of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of all, every, or any of the Parishes, Town-ships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places (the Inhabitants whereof are liable to perform Statute Work on the said Road), to appear before the said respective Trustees at any of their subsequent Meetings, and then to deliver in to them a full, true, and just Account in Writing, of all Sums of Money by them respectively received for, in lieu of, or by Way of Composition for Statute Work in their several and respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places (which Account shall be verified upon Oath, if the said Trustees shall require the fame); and in case the Person or Persons so summoned shall neglect to appear at the Time and Place therein appointed, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver in such Account as aforesaid, or, if required, to verify the fame upon Oath, or to pay to the Treasurer of the said Road, or as the said Trustees shall direct, within Five Days from the Time of producing the said Account, or whereon the fame ought to have been produced, such proportionable Part of all such Composition Money as such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them, shall have received, or without their wilful Neglect or Default might have received, that then and in all or any of the said Cases, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every separate Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the Possessors, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Road within their respective Districts, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, or such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor respectively as aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places first had, at any Vestry or other publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said respective Trustees, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Road.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Money agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpike "or Toll Gate, or in lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Composition Money respectively, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said respective Trustees, being justices of the Peace for the skid respective Counties, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money (Oath having been first made before such Trustees, being Justices, that the fame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath

74i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Oath the said Trustees, being Justices, are hereby respectively empowered to administer) to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons, or of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, having so compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducing such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways, Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor, who shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom the same shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the Composition Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees at any Meeting, whereof Notice, specifying the Time and Place when and where, and the Purpose for which such Meeting is intended to be held, shall be inserted in such Newspaper or Newspapers, and affixed on such Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, at least Fourteen Days previous to the Time when such Meeting is appointed to be held, may and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as often as they respectively shall think fit and necessary, to direC Indictments to be preferred and prosecuted, and the Expence to be defrayed out of the Monies arising by virtue of this AC within their respective Districts, against the Inhabitants of all or any of the Parishes or Places through which the said Road passes, and again!! the Hundred liable to repair Bridges, who shall have neglected or refused respectively to repair the same.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors tand such Person or Persons as he or they shall direct or appoint, such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order from the said respective Trustees for that Purpose) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Road within the said respective Districts, by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running into, along, and out of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse, any Watercourses and Ditches adjoining to the said Road, and make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think proper and necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top, any Trees or Bullies growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and within Ten Yards of the Centre thereof, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall neglect to remove the fame, or to cut down or carry away such Trees or Bullies as aforesaid, or to open, scour, or cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, or to remove such other Annoyances, for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hand or Hands of such respective Surveyor or Surveyors, and the Charges thereof (to be settled by the said respective Trustees) shall be reiniburftd to the said respective Surveyor or [Lee. Es* Per.'} 9 R Surveyor*

How Surveyor* of Highways are 10 be rtisp bur fed, and Compofi-tien Money paid by them.

Trustees may direct Frofe-cutions at the Expence of the Toll*.

Surveyors may remove Annoyances, turn Water-courles, etc*

742 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and the same shall be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and if, after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Persons shall again oifend in the like Kind, every such Person shall for every such Offei.ce forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings nor less than Thirty Shillings.

Sarveyort may make causeways, ftc, making Satisfaction for fame.

I.X

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said respective Trustees, to make or cause to be made causeways or Embankments in and upon the said Road in the said respective Districts, and to erect, support, and repair, any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, Watercourse or Watercourses, upon the said Road; and also to make or cause to be made, a Road or Roads through the Grounds adjoining any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (not being the Ground whereon any Floufe or Houses, or other Buildings stand, or a Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House) to be made use of by all Passengers, Cattle, Carriages, or otherwise as a publick Highway, whilst the old, narrow, or ruinous Road is widening or repairing, and till it shall be convenient and safe for Passengers and Carriages to pass thereon, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds respectively through which any such Drains shall be made, or whereon such Arches shall be erected, or through which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may sustain thereby, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said respective Trustees; and in case of any Difference concerning (he fame, between such Owners and Occupiers and the said respective Trustees, that then ic shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said respective Counties, or at their respective Second General or Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to settle, adjudge, and determine, what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers for the Damage they shall have sustained as aforesaid, whose Determination therein shall be final.

Surveyors

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Gr*ve*k*rr respective Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or

in Waite they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, and take away any Gravel, Grounds, Furze, Heath, Sand, Beach, Stones, or other Materials, for making or )'»gibriheJ repairing the said Roads, in and out of any River or Brook, or out of iame.ieveil'ng any Moor, Waste, or Common Grounds, or from the Sea Shore, within and also out* a convenient Distance from any Part of the said Road, without paying of private any Thing for such Materials, such Surveyor or Surveyors levelling or Order of' by causing to be levelled all such Holes and Pits, or otherwise causing the Tiuitees, on fame to be raised or fenced off where or from whence any such Materials paytngforthe jug, gathered, or taken away, in such Manner as that the fame

" ’ shall not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers whatsoever, and paying for the Damages done by Landing, and for going over or through any Lands, Grounds, or private Lanes or Roads, for or with such Materials, to be ascertained as herein-after mentioned; and also that it shall be lawful for the said respective Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors first having

an

743

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

an Order in Writing of the said respective Trustees for that Purpose) to search for, dig, gather, and take away, all or any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from, and over the private Grounds or inclosed Lands of any Person or Persons (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park,

Yard, Paddock, or planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House,

Lawn, or inclosed Plantation) paying or tendering to the Owners and Occupiers respectively for the Damages done to such private Grounds or inclosed Lands where and from whence any such Materials as aforesaid shall be dug, gathered, and taken away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for the Repair of the said Road shall be carried, such Equivalent in Money as the said respective Trustees flrall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same, the Matter Difference to shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions as herein-after |£efQ^t*J mentioned. Seiiiont.

LXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall S'irvtyorj not be lawful for any such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to take and carry away any mis out Materials for repairing the said Road from any inclosed Lands or private Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the respective without giv-Occupieis thereof, from which such Materials are intended to be taken, ^q or left for such Occupiers respectively at their respective usual Places of " ‘

Residence, to appear before the said respective Trustees, or before any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Town, where such Lands are situated, on a certain Day to be mentioned in such Notice, and not sooner than Ten Days from the Service thereof as aforesaid, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had or taken from such inclosed Lands or private Grounds respectively; and in case such Occupiers shall attend pursuant to such Notice, bpt flrall not be able to shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, the said respective Trustees, or such last mentioned Justices, flrall (if they think meet) authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, gather, and carry away such Materials in, upon, out of, from, and over such inclosed Lands and private Grounds respectively, at such Time or Times as to such respective Trustees or to such Justices flrall seem proper j and if any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said respective Trustees or such Justices flrall and may nevertheless make such Order.therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

I.XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on whonrsoever shall take away any Materials which flrall have been digged, xviatcri«tajr gotten, or gathered, for the Repair or Use of the said Road, or flrall raised bySur. raise or carry away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which flrail ,c>ors-have been made, dug, or opened, for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen flrall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Fourteen Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall for every fuchfcOffence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

744

Road to he nuanired, and Mile S'ones erected.

Penalty on riding upon or damaging Foot Paths, etc.

Penalty on Per Ton* drawing Tinber or Srune on the Road.

Trustees may

contrart for repairing the Roads.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall cause the said Road in their said respective Districts to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Road, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Poll from any Town or Place, as the said respective Trustees shall think proper, and also proper Direction Posts; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any of such Posts or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon, and be thereof convicted before any Two or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said respective Counties, either by Confession of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings for each Stone or Poll, Letter, Figure, or Mark so wilfully broken, pulled up, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered as herein-after mentioned; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or shall wilfully or carelessly drive any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any of such Footways; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones erected for the Security of the said Footways, or drive the Wheel of his Carriage against the fame, or the Side or Sides of the said Footways; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of the said Road, or shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Beast drawing any such Plough upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road, to be made into Manure, or shall ferape off the fame, or any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road with any sharp pointed Instruments, so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Beast harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever in any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, and be convicted thereof respectively, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said respective Counties, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be allowed and paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act within the said respective Districts.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to contract and agree 8 with

745

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

with any Person or Persons for making, repairing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work to be done in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing, entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees, shall be binding to and upon the said Trustees and their Successors, and also to and upon all other Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators respectively; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cods recovered against the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contrafts or Agreements.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cauft or promote to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXV. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions to be holden for the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and on such Conviction, or for Want of sufficient Security, to commie the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, District, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain until he, (lie, or they shall pay the respective Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Penalty by this Act imposed shall have been incurred, or any Offence by this Act created shall have been committed (the Method of proceeding in respect to which is not herein-before particularly directed), any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Liberty within which any such Penalty shall have been incurred, or any such Offence shaft have been committed, may and he is hereby required, upon Complaint and Information to him thereof made, to summon before him the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint or Information shall be made, to answer the Matter thereof, and at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, upon the Person or Persons complained of or informed against [Loc. & Per.] 9 C appearing

Penalty on oblh ucring the Execution of this Act.

Power to Col-iedo;l to detain unkn wn Pd E lis gu'dty of Olt'ence*.

Recovery of Penalties.

74 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

appearing before the said Justice, or upon Proof being duly made of the peifonal Service of such Summons, or of a Duplicate or true Copy thereof having been left at the Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, the said Justice may and he is hereby required, whether the said Person or Persons complained of or informed against do or do not appear, to proceed to examine the Merits of such Complaint and Information; and if such Offence or Offences shall be confessed by the Person or Persons so complained of or informed against, or be duly proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, such Justice may and he is hereby required forthwith to convict such Offender or Offenders, and to adjudge him or them to pay such Penalty or Penalties as he or they shall appear to have incurred or forfeited by virtue of this Act; and if such Penalty or Penalties shall not be paid immediately, in case such Offender or Offenders shall be present at the Time of such Conviction, or within Three Days after Notice of such Conviction given to such Offender or Offenders, or left at his, her, cr their Dwelling House, or last known Place of Abode, in case he, (lie, or they shall not have appeared and been present, such Justice shall and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause every such Penalty or Forfeiture, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Complaint and Information, and of the Distress and Sale to be made pursuant to such Warrant, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders cannot be found to answer such Distress, then such Justice is hereby required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be apprehended and brought before him; and in case such Penalty or Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be settled as aforesaid, shall not be immediately paid, such Justice is hereby required forthwith to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction in and for the said County, District, or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize until the said Penalties and such Costs and Charges as aforesaid shall be paid, or until such Offender or Offenders shall have compounded for the fame with the said respective Trustees, and paid such Composition, which the said respective Trustees are hereby empowered to make and accept; provided that no such Offender shall be detained in Custody under any such Commitment as last mentioned, for any longer Period than Six Calendar Months.

Application of

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and For-

Penahks. feitures by this Act imposed (the Appplication whereof is not herein-before otherwise directed), shall be paid to the said respective Trustees, their respective Treasurers, Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them respectively appointed to receive the same, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act within the said respective Districts; and that it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees from Time to Time, if they respectively shall fee Cause, to pay and apply any Part of such Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, not exceeding One Moiety of them or any of them, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informtrs, or any Person or Persons taking or seizing any Offender or Offenders, or assisting the rein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 747

LXXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That Convictions for Offences of against this Act shall be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; JRU lon-(that is to say),

C tdE it remembered, That on the Day of

‘ 0WI ’ \ in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me One of His

‘ Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

‘ on his own Confession [or, on the Oath of a credible

‘ Witness, or, on the Oaths of and

Two credible Witnesses, as the Case may be] of [here Specify ‘ the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed~\ contrary to an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign

of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of

this Act] and 1 the said Justice do adjudge the said

to have thereby incurred the Penalty of

to be paid, recovered, and applied in Manner directed by the said Act. Given under iny Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first aforesaid.*

Which Conviction, in the Form or to the Effect aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Appeal to any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by Ci»arter Sef-any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular 10ns’ Method or Relief hath been already hereby appointed, it should be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace for the said respective Counties, next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen to the Person or Persons appealing, having first given Ten Days Notice at lead of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the respective Treasurer or Clerk to the said respective Trustees within whose District the Matter of Appeal shall arise, and having also, with One or more Surety or Sureties, entered into sufficient Recognizance before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for prosecuting such Appeal, and abiding by such Determination and Order as the Court shall make therein; and the Justices in such Session are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a ftimmary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and award Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had Proceeding* touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act shall be quashed ""'d^afor dr vacated for Want of Form, or be removeable by Certiorari, or any Want of other Writ or Writs, or Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Re- Farm-cord at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action Limitation of or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons fot A lons’ any Thing done in pursuance of this Act until Twenty-one Days Notice

thereof

74&' 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

thereof shall have been given to the respective Clerks to the said respective Trustees, or afrer a sufficient S.itisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every fur.h Action or Suit shall be laid, brought, and tried, in tile said Counties of Caernarvon and Merioneth, as the Case may be, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may at his, her, or their Election, plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said respective Dilhict of Road, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, in such Parts and Proportions, within such Time and Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said respective Trustees shall direct or appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the lame in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees to sue for and recover the fame, either in their own Name or in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said respective Trustees, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Recoid at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

[Publick Act.]

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially takenNotice cf as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Commence-

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Tolls mc»t and and Powers hereby given, shall commence and take Effect immediately Term of the on the passing of this Act, and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the Xing’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

Subscribers to pay their Subscription Money.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

t*

Cap. 39.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushey Heath, in the County of Hertford, to the Road at Walton, in the County of Buckingham.

[17th May 1803:]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Sparrow’s Herne, on Bushey heath, through the Market Towns of Watford, Berkhampstead, Saint Peter’s, and Tring, in the County Hertford, by Pettiphers Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walcon, near Ay lelbury, in the County of Bucks: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said former Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are ft ill due and \Loc. Per.] ' 9 D owing.

i Geo. 3.

23 Geo. 3.

75©

Slid Acts further continued:

Double Tolls on Sundays to be taken.

Tolls veffecl in Trustees*

For kflening the Quorum of I rusteer.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

owing, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, the Powers and Provisions thereof are altered and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Acts should be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be, and are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act and the additional Term and the Tolls by the said Acts and by this Act granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts or either of them, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, for the Use of the said Road, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon.

II. And whereas the Tolls by the said first recited Act granted are insufficient for the Purpose of effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and it is necdlary the fame should be increased; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, assembled at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which Meeting and of the Purpose thereof Fourteen Days Notice ar least shall be given in some Newspaper circulated in the said Counties of Hertford and Bucks, or either of them) to order and cause to be demanded and taken at all and every the Gates and Turnpikes already erected, or that may hereafter be erected upon the said Road, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, on every Sunday throughout the Year, Double the several and respective Tolls which are in and by the said first recited Acts, and also in and by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, granted and made payable.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls hereby granted and made payable shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, levied, recovered, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evalion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisoes, Exemptions, and Restrictions as in the said first recited Act are contained, with respect to the Tolls thereby granted and made payable, but subject nevertheless to the Exemptions therein contained.

IV. And whereas the Quorum of Nine Trustees appointed in and by the said first recited Act is found to be too large, it frequently happening that

so

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 751

so great a Number cannot be assembled; be it therefore further enacted,

That all Acts, Matters, Powers, and Things, which by the said Act are authorized, directed, and required to be done, executed, performed, and determined by Nine or more Trustees, shall and may from Time to Time be done, executed, performed, and determined by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if done, executed, and performed by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, the said recited Acts, or any Thing therein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong nev where to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or ^ding Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in the first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to or

exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made, upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Conlbiidated or Reduced Bank Annuities dia l from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, 7'hat if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments cSmpenfe-purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any tio» Money

Corporation, do«not«x-

752

ceed 100l.and above 10/.

Application where the Money is less than so/.

For paying the Exprnecs of the Act.

Declaring the the Act publick.

Fixing the Term of this Act.

43° GEORGII ill. Cap. 39.

Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, orufed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their ue-spective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinafter directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, fat the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her. or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said Acts, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act.

IX. , And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts of the Second and Twenty-third Years of His said present Majesty's Reign, shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine; and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS*

Cap. 40.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury in the Counties of Salop, Chester, Berks, Wilts, and Oxford, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses, and subject to the fame Restrictions.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for annexing the late Duke of ShrewfburyV Estate to the Earldom of Shrewsbury, and confirming Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury’s Settlement in order thereto, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, reciiing, that the Moil: Noble Charles Earl and Duke of Shrewsbury, by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Thirtieth and One-and-thirtieoh Days of October, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred, and the Release being Tripartite and made or mentioned to be made between the said Duke of the First Pait, the Right Honourable Sidney Lord Godolphin and William IValfh (both then deceased), of the Second Parr, and the Reverend D oft or William Talbot Bishop of Oxford (then Bishop of Salisbury), and Sir John Talbot and John Arden (both then deceased) of the Third Part; after Failure of issue Male of his Body, and other Ul'es then de-\Loc. fc? Peri} 9 E termined,

Recital of the A ti of Parliament of 6(h Geo. 1.

754-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

termined, did settle all and every the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Advowl'ons, Rectories, Tithes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever of the said Charles Duke of Shrewsbury, situate, lying, and being in the teveral Counties of Salop, Worcester, Berks, Chester, Stafford, Oxford, Wilts, and Derby, any or either of them, or elsewhere in the Kingdoms of England or Ireland, whereof or wherein the said Duke, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, had any Estate of Inheritance in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, together with all and (inguiar their and every of their Rights, Royalties, Franchises, Privileges, Members, and Appurtenances, to the Uses following; that is to say, to the Use and Behoof of George Talbot Esquire (Third Son of Gilbert Talbot of Batchcoate, in the County of Worcester Esquire, Uncle of the said Charles Duke of Shrewsbury'), for and during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste, Remainder to Trustees to prel'erve contingent Remainders, Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said George Talbot successively in Tail Male; and for want of such Issue, to the Ule and Behoof oi John Talbot Esquire (eldest Son and Heir of Thomas Talbot Esquire, late of Longford in the County of Salop, deceased), for and during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste, Remainder to Trustees to preserve contingent Remainders, Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said John Talbot successively in Tail Male; and for want of such Issue, to the Use of the said . Sir John Talbot, Party to the said Indenture, for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons successively in Tail Male; and for want of such Issue, to the Use of the said Charles Duke of Shrewsbury, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, with Power to make Jointures and Leases, as therein mentioned; and also reciting, that the said Charles Duke of Sbrcwf-bury, in and by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Nineteenth Day of July, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twelve, reciting, that since the making the said therein recited Settlement, he had purchased the Manors or Lordships of Dunthroppe alias Dunthorpe, and Showed alias Sowell, and divers Freehold Messuages, Granges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying and being in the Parishes, Villages, Fields, and Hamlets of Heathropp, Swarf ord. Great Tewe, and Little Tew;, and elsewhere, in the County of Oxford-, and likewise had purchased a Tenement or Farm called Broadftone Farm, lying and being in the Town and Fields of Dunthroppe, Chalford, Lidftone, and Broadftone, in the said County of Oxford, which was held by Lease from the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall College of Brazen Nose, in the University of Oxford, which he was desirous should be settled, limited, and enjoyed to the same Uses, and by the same Person and Persons as his Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned and comprized in the said recited Indenture Tripartite were settled and limited unto and upon, did thereby give and devise all his aforesaid Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Freehold Hereditaments, by him purchased as aforesaid, lying and being in the Parish s, Villages, Fields, and Hamlets of Heathropp, Swarford, Great Tewe, and Little Tewe, and elsewhere in the County of Oxford, to the said William Talbot Lord Bishop of Oxford, Sir John Talbot, John Arden, and their Heirs, to tire Use of the Person and Persons, and subject to the fame Limitations, Powers, Provisoes, and Restrictions, as the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned and

comprized

755

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

comprized in the aforesaid Indenture Tripartite, were limited and settled, and thereby did give and devise all his Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Term of Years of, in, and unto certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, called Broadstone Farm, to the said Trustees, their Executors and Administrators, upon Trust that they should from Time to Time, and at all Times, permit and suffer such Person and Persons as should, by virtue of the aforesaid Devise, be entitled to hold and enjoy the aforesaid Freehold Premises, to receive, take, and enjoy the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Farm: And further reciting in the said Will, that by the aforesaid Indenture Tripartite, all his Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Chester, Stafford, Oxford, and Wilts, and elsewhere in the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, whereof no Use was therein before limited, flood charged, after his Decease and Failure of Issue Male of his Body, with the Payment of such just Debts as then should be owing by him, and which his Personal Estate should not be sufficient to pay, and all Annuities and other Sums of Money he should give or appoint to be raised by Deed or Will, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, he the said Duke did bequeath to his Servants and others, fivcral Annuities for their respective Lives: And further reciting in the said Act, that the said Charles Duke of Shrewsbury, on or about the First Day of February One thousand seven hundred and seventeen, departed this Life withouc leaving any Issue, whereby the Honour, Title, and Dignity of Earl of Shrewsbury, and the Reverfiou and Inheritance of the settled Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, defeended and came to the Right Honourable Gilbert then Earl of Shrewsbury, eldest Son and Heir of the said Gilbert Talbot of Batcbcoate aforesaid, Esquire, Uncle of the said Duke: And further reciting in the said Act, that the personal Assets of the said Duke were sufficient to pay the said Duke’s Debts, Funeral, and Legacies, with a very great Overplus, so that the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, by the said recited Indenture Tripartite of Settlement, and last Will and Testament, subject to the Payment of the said Annuities thereon charged, ought to be enjoyed by the said George Talbot, and such Persons and in such Manner as the fame were thereby settled: And further reciting in the said Act, that the said Sir John Talbot died without Issue Male in the Life time of the Lid Duke of Shrewsbury: And further reciting in the said Act, that the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury was resolved not to marry, and being desirous to pay a due Observance to the Intentions of the said Duke, expressed in his said Settlement and Will, had persuaded the said George Talbot, his younger Brother, to marry the Honourable Mary Fitzwilliam, Sifter to the Right Honourable Richard Lord Viscount Fitzwilliam, of Merion, in the Kingdom of Ireland-, and that by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Third and Fourth Days of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and the Release being Qtiinquepartite, and made or mentioned to be made between the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury and George Talbot of the First Part, the said Richard Lord Viscount Fitz-william and Mary Fitzwilliam of the Second Part, the Right Honourable George Earl of Cardigan, William Lord Bishop of Salisbury, Sir John Stanley Knight, and Charles Talbot Esquire (eldest Son and Heir Apparent of the said William Lord Bishop of Salisbury) of the Third Part; the Right Honourable Richard Lord Luniley, and the said John Talbot of the Fourth Part; Sir John Webb Baronet, George Pitt Esquire, and

Neville

56 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Neville Ridley Esquire of the Fifth Part; reciting therein the said Settlement and Will made by the said Charles Duke of Shrewsbury, in consideration of a Marnage then intended between the said George ‘Talbot and Mary Fitzwilliam, and Thirteen thousand Pounds Portion, they the said Gilbert E u I of Shrewsbury, George Earl of Cardigan, William Lord Bishop of Salisbury, and Sir John Stanley, (according ro their respective Estates and Inteiefts), did grant and convey unto the said Richard Lord Lumtey, and Neville Ridley, and their Heirs, all those the said Manors of Dun-tbrofp and Showell alias 'Sowell, in the County of Oxford, and all the said Freehold Messuages, Granges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fitunte, lying, and being in the Parishes, Villages, Fields, and Hamlets of Heathropp, Swar ford, Great Tewe, and Little Tewe, in the said County of Oxford', and also all and every the said Manors, Freehold Messuages, Farms; Advowsons, Redilories, Tithes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in the I'everal Counties of Salop, Worcester, Berks, Chester, Stafford, Oxford, and Wilts, or elsewhere in the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland (except all Manors, Lands, 'Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, and except the said Leasehold Faim called Broadstone Farm, and also except the Manor of Cookfey, and all and every the Messuages, Cottages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, Meadows, Leafows, Closes, Coppices, Wood Grounds, Bullaries of Salt Water or Salt Platts, Walling, Rents, and Hereditaments whatsoever, which were then late the Estate of the Honourable Gilbert Talbot Esquire, deceased, late Father of the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, and George Talbot, situate, lying, and being in Cookfey, Upton, Warren, Elmbridge, Pierjhali Green, Timber Hanger, Broomfgrove, Dodder-Hill, and Droitwich, and elsewhere in the said County of Worcester, and other the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which were the Elfate and Inheritance, of Gilbert Talbot, late of Batch-coale, in the said County of Worcester Esquire, deceased, Father of the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, and George Talbot), to hold (except as before excepted) to the said Richard Lord Lumley and Neville Ridley, and their Heirs, to the Uses following; (that is to say), immediately after the Solemnization of the said Marriage, then as for touching and concerning the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Berks, to the Use of the said Richard Lord Viscount Fitzwilliam, and George Pitt, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, if the said George Talbot and Mary Fitzwilliam Should jointly so long live, upon Trull: to raise the annual Sutn of Four hundred Pounds, Tax free, for the said Mary, during the said Term, for her separate Ule: And upon further Trust, to permit and suffer the said George Talbot to receive the Residue of the Rents and Profits during the said Term; and as for touching and concerning the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments limited in Ule to the said Richard Lord Viscounr Fitzwilliam; and George Pitt, for Ninety-nine Years, determinable as aforesaid; and as for and concerning all and every other the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, by the said Indenture bargained and fold (except as therein is excepted), to the Use of the said George Talbot for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, Remainder to Trustees to prelcrve contingent Remainders, and after his Decease, to the Use, Intent, and Purpose that the said Mary Fitzwilliam should have and receive out of all the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

and

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 75;

and Premires, the annual Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, Tax-free, for her Life, for her Jointure, with Power of Distress for Non-paymenc thereof, and charged and chargeable therewith to the Use of the said Richard Lord VII'count Fitzwilliam and George Pitt, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for Two hundred Years, without Impeachment of Walle, for the better raising the said Rene Charge of Fifteen hundred Pounds, and securing the fame, and after the Expiration or other sooner Determination of the said Term of Two nundr.d Years, to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Geoge Ta'bot, on the Body of the said Mary Fitzwilliam, to be begotten in Tail M de successively, and for want of such Blue, as to the said M inors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Berks, to the Use of the said Richard Lord Viscount Fitzwilliam, Sir John IP ebb, and George Pitt, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, lor Five hundred Years, without Impeachment of Waftr, upon Trust for raising Twenty thousand Pounds and Maintenance for the Daughters of the said George Talbot, on the Body of the said Mary Fitzwilliam, to be begotten, in case they should have no Issue Male; and as to the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Berks, from and after the Determination of the said Term of Five hundred Years, and all other the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, from and after the several Determinations of the several Estates therein before limited, to the Use of the First and all other the Sons of the said George Talbot, on the Body of any after-taken Wife, to be begot’en in Tail Male successively; and for want of such Issue, to the Use of the said John Talbot of Longford, for and during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste,

Remainder to Trustees to preserve contirgent Remainders, Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said John Talbot in Tail Male successively; in which said Indenture of Rtleafe there is comprised a Power to the said George Talbot, and also to the said John Talbot, when he should be in the adoal Possession of the said Manors and Premises, to make Jointures to any Women they should marry, not exceeding the yearly Value or Sum of Two thousand Pounds a Year, with Power also to lease the said Manors,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, (except as therein is excepted), for One-and-twenty Years or Three Lives: And by the said Indenture the ftjd William Lord Bishop of Salisbury did sfiign the said Lease of Broadjlcne Farm to the said Lord Lumley and Nevilk Ridley, upon Trull that they should permit and suffer such Persons a', by virtue of the aforesaid Limitations, held and enjoyed the Freehold Premises thereby granted, to receive and take the Rents, Blues, and Profits of the said Farm-, and reciting in the said Indenture of Release, thac after the Deaths of Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, George Talbot, and John Talbot, and Failme of Blue Male of their respective Bodies, the Title, Honour, and Dignity of Earl of Shrewsbury, would, by virtue of L-tters Patents of Ccation of the said Earldom, made and granted by King Henry the Sixth to John First Earl of Shrewsbury and the Heirs Male of his Body, by Couiie of Deft ent and per formani don't, come to the said William Lord Bishop of Salisbury, and the Heirs Male of his Body, it was by the said Indenture agreed, that the said Gilbert Earl of Strewjlury, George Talbot, John Talbot, William Lord B.shop of Salisbury, and Charles Talbot, should ule their humble Application for obtaining a Private Act of Parliament, and give their Content thereunto for settling the said Manors, Lauds, Tene-\Loc. & Per.J 9 F ments.

758

43' GEORGII III. 40.

ments, Hereditaments, and Premises on the said William Lord Bishop of Salisbury. and the Issue Male of his Body, after the Death of the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, George Talbot, and ’John Talbot, and Failure of Issue Male ot their Bodies, in such Manner as should be advised: And further reciting in the said Act, that the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury was desirous that the said Settlement Ihoulu be further extended in such Manner as was therein.after mentioned; and that the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments should be annexed to and go along with the said Honour, Title, Name, and Dignity of Earl of Shrewsbury, in such Manner as was therein-after expressed, for the better and more honourable Support of the said Name, Dignity, and Title, which could not be done without an Act: of Parliament: It was by the said Act enacted, that the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release of the said Third and Fourth Days of Ma>cb One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and all and every the Uses, Trusts, and Estates therein mentioned, limited, and declared, should be and were ratified and confirmed; and that the said George Talbot and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Jodies respectively, and the said Mary his Wife, and the said John Talbot of Longford, and his First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies respectively, and all and every other Person or Persons to whom any Use, Trust, Estate, Rent, Remedy, for the fame or other Power or Interest was by the said recited Marriage Settlement granted or limited, should be enabled to take, hold, and enjoy, and should and might have, hold, and enjoy the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Marriage Settlement, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And further Uses were limited after the Decease of the said George Talbot and John Talbot, and Failure of issue Male of their respective Bodies, of all and every the said Manors and Estates of the said Duke, unto the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury and his First and other Sons in Tail Male; and for Default of such Itfuc, to the Use and Behoof of all and every Person and Persons being Issue Male of the Body of the said John First Earl of Shrewsbury, to whom the said Title, Honour, and Dignity of Earl of Shrewsbury should, after the Dtceafe of the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, George Talbot, and John Talbot, without Issue Male of their respective Bodies, by virtue of the said Letters Patent of Creation of the said Earldom, defeend and come severally and successively, one after another, as they and every of them should succeed to and inherit the said Earldom, and of the several and respective Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Person and Persons issuing, to attend and wait upon the said Earldom, and to be annexed to and defeend with the fame: And it was further enacted, that neither the First or any other Son or Sons of the Body of the said George Talbot, Son of the said Gilbert Talbot, or of the Body of the said John Talbot of Longford, nor any tire Heirs Male of the Body or Bodies of any such Son or Sons, nor any other Person or Persons, his or their Heirs Male of his or their Body or Bodies issuing, to whom any fc'.state of Inheritance of or in the Premises or any Part thereof should thereafter come, defeend, or accrue by force or means of the said Act, should alien, give, grant, bargain, fell, or otherwise convey av/ay any of the said Manors, Messuages, Advowons, Tithes, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or any other the Premises thereby settled, or any Part thereof, nor any other Thing do which should or might be to the Difwhc-

rifon

759

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

rifon of the Heirs inheritable by force of the said recited Settlement or the said Act, or of any Person or Persons to whom any Remainder was limited by the said recited Settlement or by the said Act, or whereby any of them should be barred or put from Entry into the Premises; and that all and every Alienation, Conveyance, Fine, Recovery, Gift, Grant, Bargain and Sale, and every other Act: whatsoever to be made, suffered, or done by any of the Persons respectively to whom the Premises were respectively before allured, conveyed, or limited by the said recited Settlement or the said Act, should be for ever after the Decease of the Alienor utterly void, and should be so deemed and adjudged in the Law: But it was by the said Act provided that neither the First nor any other Son or Sons of the Body of the said George Talbot, or of the Body of the said John Talbot, or of the Body of the said Gilbert Earl of Shrewsbury, nor any the Heirs Male of the Body or Bodies of any such Son or Sons issuing, nor any other Person or Persons, his or their Heirs Male of his or their Body or Bodies ilfuing to whom any Estate of Inheritance of or in the Premises, or any Part thereof, should thereafter come, defeend, or accrue by force or means of the said Act, who should within the Time in the said Act limited take the Oath and fubl'cribe the Declaration therein mentioned, and who should from thenceforth continue a Pro-teflant until he or they attained the Age of One-and-twenty Years, should, after he or they should attain the said Age, and whilll he or they should continue Protestants, be disabled from aliening, giving, granting, bargaining, felling, or otherwise conveying away the said Manors and Elfates so by the said Act settled as aforesaid, or any Part thereof: And whereas the Right Honourable Charles now Earl of Shrewsbury is the Heir Male of the Body of the said George Talbot, deceased, on the Body of the said Mary his Wife, his late Grandfather and Grandmother, and is entitled to an Estate in Tail Male in Possession of the said settled Manors and Estates, subject to the Restriction imposed by the said recited Act: And whereas the said Charles Earl of Shrewsbury hath not any I Hue of his Body; and on his Decease without Issue Male, the Honour, Title, and Dignity of Earl of Shrewsbury, and the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments will, under the Limitations in the said Indenture of Settlement of the Fourth Day of March One thousand frven hundred and eighteen, and the said Act of Parliament, defeend and accrue to the Honourable John Joseph Talbet, his Brother, and his Ifllie Male: And whereas certain Parts of the Estates settled and limited by the said Settlement of the Fourth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and the said Act of Parliament, consist of undivided Parts and Shares, and others are dispersed in many Parcels, and lie in a Number of Parishes and Places very distant from each other, in the several Counties of Salop, Chester, Berks, Wilts, and Oxford, and are remote and at a great Distance from the principal Estates of the said Charles Eail of Shrewsbury, situate in the Counties of Oxford, Worcester, Stafford, and Chester, and from the Family Seat ot Heathropp, which is situatrd in the Parish of Heathropp, in the fdd County of Oxford, and the Management and Receipt of the Renrs of the remote Paits of the said Estates is, by reason of such their Situation, attended with additional Expence and much Inconvenience-, and as moll Parts of the said Estates in the said Counties of Salop, Chester- Berks, Wilts, and Oxford, would fell to great Advantage, it therefore would be greatly for the Benefit of the said Earl and those entitled in Remainder after him, under the

Limitations

The present Earl of Sbrrw/burjf Heir Male of George Talbot by Mary Filz.-william, and entitled to an Estate in Tail Male i«i Possession, fub-je£t to Re-striction from Alienation. Prclent Earl no Ifllie, and hi> Brother John Joseph Talbot next in Remainder. That Parts of the settled bftates consist; of undivided Shares, and others are dif-pe’-fed and far distant from the Earl's principal Estates.

760

Eftatca mentioned in Schedule annexed veiled in Trustees to be sold.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Limitations in the said Settlement and Act of Parliament, if all the said Estates fituaied in the said Counties of Salop, Chester, Berks, and Wilts, and certain detached Parts of the said Estates in the said County of Oxford, were fold: And whereas it is desirable to pmchalc and a quire other Estates in the said Counties of Oxford, Worcester, Stafford, and Chester, which lie more convenient and advantageous to be enjoyed with the Bulk of the said Earl’s Estates in those Counties, and the said Earl of Shrewsbury and the said John Joseph Talbot, are well satisfied that it would be greatly for the Benefit and Advantage of themselves and such other Persons as may become entitled to the Bulk of the said settled Estates, by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Settlement and Act of Parliament, that Powers should be given to fell the said Estates in the said Counties of Salop, Chester, Berks, Wilts, and Oxford, and to lay out the Monies arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates lying within the said Counties of Oxford, Worcester, Stafford, and Chester, or some of them, to be lettled as nearly as may be to the same Uses as, by the said Settlement and Act of Parliament are directed and limited of and concerning the said Estates thereby settled i but although such Sale and Dif-position will be fer the Benefit and Advantage of the said Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, John Joseph Talbot, and their Ilfue Male, and the several other Persons in Remainder, yet the said Earl is, by reason of the restric-live Clause contained in the said Act of Parliament, although Tenant in Tail in Possession of the said Estates, deprived of the Powers by Law incident to an Estate Tail, and the salutary Purposes before mentioned, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, and the said John Joseph Talbot, most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tiches, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, and undivided Parts and Shares of Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tithes, Tenement', Hereditaments, and Premises, situate, lying, and being in ti e several Counties of Salop, Chester, Berks, Wilts, and Oxford, limited and settled by the said Indentures of the Third and Fourth Days of March One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and the said Act of Parliament herein-before mentioned or referred to, and which are particularly let forth and dtscribed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, with all and singular Houses, Out houses, Edifices, Mills, Cottage^ Curtilages, I)jve-houses. Barns, Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, Failures, Feedings, Meadows, Commons, Common of Pasture, Woods, Underwoods, Wood Grounds, Waites, Wjfte Lands, Heaths, Moors, Marshes, Rents, He-riots, Services, Courts Leet, and View of Frankpledge, Goods and Chattels waived and eftrayed, Deodands, Treasure-Trove, Liberties and Customs, and all Ways, Paths, Passages, Waters, Water Comics, Fish-ings, Privileges, F.afcments, Profits, Commodities, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Manors or Lordships, or reputed Manors or Lordships, Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, and undivided Parts and Shares of Manors or Lott!ships, Mef. fuagrs or Tenements, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, belonging or in anywise appertaining, or therewith used, occupied, po:-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

felled, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, taken, or known, as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, or of any Part thereof; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits of all and singular the said Premises, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be veiled in and settled upon, and the same are hereby from thenceforth veiled in and settled upon Thomas Wright, in the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and Charles Conolly of Lincoln's Inn in the same County, Esquire, and their Heirs, to the Use of them the said Thomas Wright and Charles Conolly, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever freed, released, and dischatged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of and from all and every the Uses, Trulls, Estates, Entails, Remainders, Charges, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Agreements, in and by the said herein-before recited Indentures of Settlement of the Thirtieth and Thirty-firit Days of Otloler One thousand seven hundred, the said Will of the said Charles Duke of Shrewsbury, the said Indentures of the Third and Fourth Days of March One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and the said recited Act of Parliament respectively created, limited, provided, and declared of or concerning the same Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, and undivided Parts and Shares of Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises respectively, or any of them, except only such Leases as have been heretofore made or granted of the fame respectively, in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said Settlements and Act of Parliament; but nevertheless upon the Trulls, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes herein after expressed and declared of and concerning the same j that is to say, upon Trull and to the Intent that they the said Thomas Wright and Charles Conolly, and the Survivor of them, and his Heirs and Assigns, do and shall with all convenient Speed, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, to be testified by some Writing under his bland, and after his Decease then with the Consent of the Person or Persons who shall then be in the Possession of the said Eflatesrespectively, by virtue of the Limitations before mentioned, in case such Person shall then be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, to be testified by him, her, or them as aforesaid-, and in case of the Minority of the Person so in Possession, then by and of the proper Authority of the same Trustees respectively, sell and dispose of all and Angular the said Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, and undivided Parts and Shares of Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises so hereby vested in them as aforesaid, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, either together or in Parcels, or by publick Sale or private Contract, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, for the mod Money and the bell Price and bell Prices that can be reasonably obtained or gotten for the fame; and on the Payment by such Purchaser or Purchasers of his, her, or their Purchase Money or Purchase Monies, for which the said Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, and undivided Parts and Shares of Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any Parc er Parts thereof, shall be fold into the Bank in Manner herein-after directed, shall and do convey and allure the fame respectively unto and to [Loc. & Per.] 9 G the

C'ofts of the Act, &te. to be first paid.

Residue of the Monies to be laid out and invelled in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, ett.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns respectively, or as he or they shall direct or appoint, freed, and discharged, and acquitted, exempted, and exonerated as aforesaid.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Thomas Wright and Charles Conolly, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, do and shall, by and out of the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales of the said Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, and undivided Parts and Shares of Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises hereby authorized to be fcld as aforesaid, in the First Place pay, defray, and discharge all the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the applying for and obtaining and pairing of this Act, and also pay, defray, and discharge all the reasonable Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to the Sale and Disposition of the said Estates hereby authorized to be sold as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, and of making any Surveys or Valuations of the said Premises, and all other reasonable Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to the Execution of the Trud hereby reposed in the fame Trustees respectively, concerning the said Estates and Premises hereby authorized to be sold, which Costs and Charges shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Money arising by such Sale or Sales, by or under the Order of the High Court of Chancery, upon Application to be made thereto by Petition, or otherwise in a summary Way, for the Payment thereof, and which Order the said Court is hereby authorized and directed to make accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Residue and Surplus of the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales of the said Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, and undivided Parts and Shares of Manors, Lordlbips, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, after making the several Payments for Cods, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be laid one and inverted by them the said Thomas Wright and Charles Cortolly, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, by or under the Order and Direction of the said Court of Chancery, and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, and so testified as aforesaid, and after his Deceasc, then by and with such other Consent as aforesaid, in the Purchase of Freehold Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or Hereditaments of a clear and indefeazible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possesson, and of such Customary or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as shall happen to be intermixed therewith, or be contiguous thereto, and shall not exceed in Value One-sixth Part of the Freehold Premises so to be purchased, free from all Incumbrances (except Chief or Quic Rents, Fee Farm Rents and Services), situate, lying, and being within the Counties of Oxford, Worcester, Stafford, and Chester, some or One of them, and other neighbouring Counties in England, or of some or One of them t and that ail and singular the Freehold and Copyhold Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments which shall be lo purchased as aforesaid, shall be conveyed, settled, limited, and assured to, for, and upon such and so many of the Uses, and under and subject to

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 763

fitch and so many of the Powers, Provisoes, Conditions, Limitations*

Restrictions from Alienation, Declarations, and Agreements to which the aforesaid Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in and by the said Settlements and Act of Parliament do now stand settled and limited, and subject to such and so many of them as shall be then existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect, or as near thereto as she Nature of the Estates to be purchased, the Existence of Persons, and other Contingencies will admit.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That after Payment of Money to be the aforesaid Cods, Charges, and Expences, the Residue and Surplus of ^’nk' and l'aTd the Monies arising from such respective Sales, made in pursuance of such out in Navy, Power as aforesaid, shall be paid by the respective Purchasers into the victualling, or Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant BUisl'tm'pro-General of the High Court of Chancery, and shall be placed to his Ac- per Purchase* count there ex parte the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Estate or Estates toun ‘ of the Earl of Shrewsbury, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and shall, when so paid in, be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills; all which laid Navy and Victualling Bills and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until some proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approved as before directed, and until such Money shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so to be purchased with the fame, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General, and paid out for the completing such Purchase, or for the s of this Act, in such Manner as the Lid Court shall think just and direct; and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only the Surplus which shall remain after discharging the Expences of the Application to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate and Certificates Certificate of of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery of the Pay- Central'and ment of the Purchase Money into the Bank, together with the Receipt Receipt of or Receipts of the Cashier or Cathiers of the Bank thereunto annexed, g*J^etr0°bethe and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court, shall at all Discharges to Times be a good and effectual Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers Pwchaiers.

as

'M 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

av afp,refold, agd his and their Heirs and Assigns, for so much of the find Purchase Money for which such Certificate or Certificates and Receipt or Receipts shall be given, and that after filing such Certificate or Certificatis and Receipt or Receipts, the said Purchaser or Purchasers reflectively, and his or their respective Heirs or Assigns, shall not be liable to,fire,jto live Application, or be answerable or accountable for any Lois, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Money or Monies, or any Part thereof.

Court of

VI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court

Ch.mery cm. of Chancery to make such Order as the fame Court shall think fit for unke orrtcr taxing the Costs of the several Applications to be made to the said Court fvr taxing and reflecting the Matters aforesaid, and the Costs of taking the said Monies out of the Bank, and of laying out and inverting such Monies in a new tions muter Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid, and for Payment of such taxed Costs tins Act. 0HC of the said Monies.

U,ntft Hit*t*he ^nd *c forther enacted and declared, That in the mean Time,

to*be enjoyed and until the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, He-as if this Act retlitaments, and Premises hereby directed to be sold, shall be fold in made.01 bee" pursuance of the Trusts aforesaid, the fame Premises respectively shall be held, possessed, and enjoyed, and the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof shall be had, received, and taken by and be applied to and for the Benefit of such Person and Persons as would have been entitled thereto, and ought to have, held, possessed, or enjoyed and received the fame respectively in case this Act had not been made.

Power for ap-

VIII. Provided affo, and be it further enacted, That in case the said pointing new 57>e;sa.s Wright and Charles Conclly, or either of them, or any other Truss , L "es' tee or Trustees to be appointed in their or either or any of their Place or Stead, shall happen to die, desire to be discharged, or decline to act or become incapable of acting in the Trusts hereby in hi/n and them re-posed and verted as aforesaid, then and in such Case, and when and so often as thefarne shall happen, the surviving and continuing Trustee shall, within the Sp.ice of Six Calendar Months next after either of the said Xruflees shall die, desire to be discharged, decline to act or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, by or under the Order and Direction of the said Court of Chancery, and with such Consent and Approbation, and testified as aforesaid, nominate, substitute, and appoint feme other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place or Stead of the 'i ruflte or Trustees so dying, desiring to be discharged, declining to act or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, and when and so often as any such new Trustee or Trustees shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, all, and every the Powers and Authorities given by this Act shall be vtfted, and the Monies and Premises shall be so conveyed and transferred so as that the same shall and may be legally and effectually veiled in such new Trustee or Trustees, in Conjunction with the surviving or continuing Trustee (if any), or in such new Trustee or Trustees only, as the Case may happen, upon the fame Trusts as are hertir-before declared concerning the same; and all and every such new Trustee and Trustees shall and may aft in the Execution of the several Trusts aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as if he or they had been originally nominated and appointed a Trustee or Trustees by virtue of

76 5

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

this Act; any thing herein-btLre contained to the contrary thereof in anywise noewithdanding.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, indemnity to That the said Thomas Wright and Charles Conolty, or either of them, or Tl'ullcts-the Heirs, Executors, Adminidrmors, or Assigns of them or either of

them, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Money to be received by virtue of or under the Trulls hereby in them reposed as aforesaid, otherwise than each Person for what he or she shall respectively actually receive, and that neither of them shall be answerable for the other of them, or for the Acts, Receipts, Payments, Negleds, or Defaults, Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of the other of them, but each of them for his own Acts, Receipts, Negleds, or Defaults, Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns only, and that they and each of them shall and may, by and oilt of the Rtnts, Ifiucs, and Profits, Sum and Sums of Money, which shall come to his, her, or their Hand or Hands by virtue of any of the Trulls aforesaid, retain to and reimburse himself, herself, and themselves respectively, all such Cods, Damages, Charges, Payments, and Expences as tnev, every, or any of them shall or may bear, pay, sustain, expend, or be put unto for or by reason or upon account of the Trulls hereby in them reposed, or in cr about the Management or Execution thereof, and which are not herein-before particularly provided for.

X. S-.ving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and General Succedors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick Saving, and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Succedors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Charles Earl of Shrewsbury and his Heirs Male, and the said John Jofefb Talbot and his Heirs Male, and also all and every other Person or Persons claiming

or to claim any Edate, Right* Title, Intered, Inheritance, Use, Trud, Claim, or Demand whatsoever in or out of the several Prem fes hereby respectively made saleable as aforesaidJ, or any P..rt thereof, under or by virtue of the said several Indentures of Settlement, or either of them, or the said Act of Parliament of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fird, or any of them), all such Edate, Right, Title, Intered, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of, in, to, or out of the said Premises, and every cr any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Aff, or could, should, or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had net been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Publick Aa. Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in Evi-

der.ee in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices, who shall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the lame had been declared to be a publick Ad.

[ Loc. d? Per.]

9 H

The

C\

o

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

Counties arid Parities. Estates of what confining. Tenants’ Name?. Quantities. Yearly Rents. Total Rents.

A. R. p. £ s. d.

Salop. One undivided Third Part or Share of and in the

Parish of Tajlty. Manor of Tajley, and of and in the Advowson

of the Church of Tajlty, and of and in several

Farms, Lands, Tenemenis, Cottages, Quit

Rents, and Hereditaments in the said Parish of

Tajley, containing in the Whole 768 Acres

2 Roods 17 Perches, or thereabouts, and con-

filling of the several Particulars and let at the several yearly Rents following, viz.

Of a Farm - - - Richard Corbett 163 O 39 130 0 0

Ditto - - Thomas Corfer 67 I 31 7° 0 0

Ditto - Thomas Perry (late

Isaac Bailey) 102 3 2 8+ 0 0

Ditto - - - Mary Taylor, Widow 172 3 32 185 0 0

Ditto - - James Milner 103 I 35 107 10 O

Ditto - - - Isabella Morris 124. 0 37 100 0 0

Ditto - - Aaron Thompson 33 3 27 31 10 0

A Cottage and Land at some Distance from the

foregoing - - - Edward Jones O I >7 0 2 0

A Cottage and Garden Samuel Shaw 0 0 37 0 10 0

A Chief Rent - Executors of late VVII-

liam Bridgeons - - 0 5 0

Ditto - ... Mr. Whitmore, late

Aflrleys - - 0 3 0

Ditto - - - Sherrington Parks, Esq. - - 0 5 0

Ditto ... Thomas Oatley, Esq.

for Davies - - 0 3 0

Carryover / 2 17 7°9 8 0

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Counties and Parifltes.

Salop. Parish of Tojley.

Parishes of Tajley and Bridgenorth, or One of them.

Parish of Warfield.

Estates of what confiding.

A Chief Rent Ditto Ditto Ditto

A Farm and Lands, to the Third Part whereof Lord Shrewsbury is entitled Two Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, commonly called or.known by the Name of the Severn Meadows, the Entirety whereof belongs to the Earl of Shrewsbury Six Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, situate, lying, and being in Roughton, in the Parish of JVorfield, containing together 21 Acres 3 Roods 14 Perches, the Entirety whereof belongs to the Earl of Shrewsbury A Tenement, Garden, and Three Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, commonly called , Marse old Lodge, the Entirety whereof belongs to the Earl of Shrewsbury

Tenants’ Names.

Brought over Sherrington Parks, Esq. Mr. Whitmore John Smallman Geo. Whitmore, Esq. for late Dawes

Quantities and Rent of the Entirety of the Tajley Estate One Third Part thereof belonging to the Earl of Shrewsbury, is Richard Warral, late William Baker

John Swann, late Richard Corbett

Mr. Stokes

James Marshall, Esq. Carried over

Quantities. Yearly Rents.

A. R. P. £ ' d.

768 2 17 709 8 0

- 0 7 IO-I

067

- 0 1 4i

- O O

768 2 17 710 8 ro|

256 0 32

12 1 21 .

21 3 14 -

7 3' -

Total Rent.

£ ’ d.

236 16 33

832

35 o o

1500

600 300 19 5i

o>

-vj

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

'I

co

Counties and Parities. Estates ef what confiding. Tenants' Names. Quantities. Yeaily Rents.

Salop. Parish of Ford. The Manor or Lordship of Ford, with the Rights, Royalties, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and the several Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, Quit and other Rents and Hereditaments following, containing in the Whole 246 Acres 1 Rood 18 Perches, or thereabouts, and called or known by the Name of the Ford Estate, viz. Several Closes, Pieces, or Parcels of Land, situ- Brought over A. R. P. £. s. d.

ate at Cruckton, and in the Township of Lea Ditto situate at Pontesford Edward Harris, Esq. fames Bowyer, late") Widow Bowyer J 50 2 9 15 2 32 CO 0 O O O

A small Island, called a Fishery Two Cottages with several Parcels of Land, Amey Swan, Esq. ... I J c

situate at Ford’s Heath A Messuage or Tenement, with several Parcels John Lloyd 23 1 39 *4 3 0 j

of Land, situate at Ford’s Heath Two Cottages with several Parcels of Land, Jane Gittins 34 3 33 1316 0

situate at Ford’s Heath A Cottage and Gatden, situate near Arfcott D tto - Highways or Wade, said to he in all about Certain Copyhold or Chief Rents, issuing and payable out of certain Lands of other Perfime within the Manor of Ford, amounting yearly VTary Jones Widow Price Juhn Cafwall 87 1 31 OO 17 OO 17 34 0 0 34 »6 0

to about - . - - 58 8 51

- Amerciaments amounting yearly to about (Y-rried over 246 t »8 1 8 2

Total Rent.

£ ’ d-300 19 si

148 14 7i 449 >4

43° GEORGII III. Cap. ±o.

\Loc. 6? Per.2

Counties and Parishes.

Salop.

Paiifli of Wrockwardine.

sO

Cheshire.

Township of Oxton, in the Hundred of Wir-tall.

°t \.*kV

icTTri t r;>: v-1

rs'^s fc-tipv ,'

CHISHIK S’

irjet tu'j JjSi.i 'W

Estates of what confiding.

Tenants’ Names.

-One undivided Third Part or Share of and in the Manor or Lordship of Wrockwar-dine, and of divers Chief and Quit Rems, Messuages, or Tenements, Cottages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Wrockwardine, called or known by the Name of the Wrockwardine Estate, and let to a great Number of Persons at sundry yearly Rents, the Whole amounting to the Sum of 505/. 91. 4x.dr or thereabouts And also One undivided Third Part or Share of and in the Mines and Minerals of Wrockwardine, the Whole producing annually upon an Average -

The Township of Oxton, in the Parish of Oxton, in the County of Chtfltr, with the sundry Messuages, I^ands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments following, containing in the Whole 596 Acres o Rood 12 Perches or thereabouts, viz.

A Farm -

3itto -

?arms and Lands -

p-^fre! aspsf eo<j(iii;s.K

Brought over

Quantities.

A. R. P.

Total of the Entirety One Third belonging to the Earl of) Shrewsbury, is - J

William Atkinson Thomas Dean Late William Wil-~) hams, now John El- lifon, James Gill, I John Lei_

Samuel Newbyj Son

tmes Gill, eigh, Esq. r 'fewby, and

Carried over

Yearly Rents.

d.

Total Rents.

I- s- d.

449 >4

S°S 9 4

2100 o o

2606 9 4i

868 16 5;

203 i 33 39 >9 0

II I 24 268 ,

203 0 34 77 IS 4 0,°:-: K*»f-

418 0 11 120 1 0 1318 10

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Counties and Parities. Estates of what conGfting. Tenants’ Names. Quantities. 1 Yearly Rents. Total Rents.

A. R. P. £ ’ d. £. s. d.

Brought over 4.8 O 11 120 I 0 1318 10 6t

Cheshire. A Farm ... Joseph Harvey 21 2 12 5 15 0

Township ot Oxttn, in Ditto - - - John Leigh, Esq. 33 0 34 8 S 0

the Hundred of Wir- Ditto - ... 1 homas Humphrey 42 3 22 12 IO 0

rail. Ditto ..... John Wharton 34 1 »3 5 10 0

House and Garden - - John Wharton O O 27

Garden (late HaUvood’s) Same 0 0 lb O

Ditto ..... 1 homas Wharton 34 i 36 8 10 0

Oxton’ Rack Rents.

An Inclosure .... Joseph Ashley - - 0 0 6

Ditto .... William Davies - - 0 0 6

A Cottage and Inclosure John Gouldson 0 3 11 0 is 0

An Inclosure ... Peter Hammond - 0 I 0

Ditto - - - Abraham Hailwood . - 0 0 6

Ditro - - Johnson lones - 0 0 6

A Cottage arid Inclosure Eliz. Nicholls 0 2 4 0 10 0

A Cottage ... Geo. Williamson - 0 I 0 1

A Cottage and Inclosure J >hn Yoxall I 1 26 I II 6

A Cottage ... Same for Hailwoods - - 0 I O

Ditto - ... Ditto 0 I 0

Inclosed Commons - - 8 2 0

Commons, &c. 204 Acres 0 Rood 8 Perches 164 13 6

596 0 12

WoRSWELL Copyholds.

Consisting of sundry Rents payable out of several ")

Estates, with all Manorial Rights attached to

them, and payable by the several Persons fol-

lowing, vix.

► Rev. Mr. Jenks - 0 8 6

Mrs. Nevitt . 0 10 10

' KcM'l John Parsons - 0 is 10

Powdrell - 0 5 0

Wm. Wickstead, Esq. - 0 15 0

1 2 15 2

- y . , Carried over - 1 H85 19 2

770 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Countie! and Parishes.

Berks.

Parishes of Burghfield and Tileburfi,

Estates of what confiding.

The Manors or Lordships of Burghfield, Sheffield, and Shinfield, in the County of Berks, with their several Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances, and the perpetual Advowson of the Church of Burghfield, and sundry Chief and Cottage Rents, Farms, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, containing in the Whole 1031 Acres 2 Roods 27 Perches or thereabouts, and let to the several Persons following, at several yearly Rents, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of 873/. ror. per Annum, or thereabouts, viz.

A Farm called Pound Farm and Satgroves Ditto called Church Farm and Groves Ditto called Pococks, and a Mill called Burghfield Mill

A Farm -

A Farm called Hatch Farm Ditto called Heath's Land A Piece of Meadow, called Shrewsbury Piece, in Langley Common Meadow, in the Parish of THehurfi ..

A Cottage or Dwelling-House, Garden, Yard, and Two small Closes A Farm called Field Farm

A Farm called Kents

1 (

A Farm called Brewers -

Tenants’ Names.

Brought over

Francis Chafe John Butler

William May Stephen Btiftow Mil's Burcefles Da niel Headland

David Vines, late Cap--} tain Bower J

Lawrence Coxhead Francis Chafe for Bliz-") ard’s Life Lease J Francis Chale, late-) William Erwins J Francis Chafe for James \ Loves, Ditto 3

Carried over

Quantities.

R. P.

Yearly Rents

£ ’ d-

269 I 6 255 O 0

170 3 >7 >55 0 0

9o 2 5 160 0 0

79 3 27 55 0 0

105 I 20 100 0 0

36 3 36 23 0 0

6 2 38 6 0 0

4 0 20 4 10 0

144 3 26 52 >7 0

21 2 29 18 0 0

32 2 29 >5 0 0

963 0 >3 844 7 0

Total Rents.

I- t. d.

1485 19 2j

1485 19 2i

*-4

M

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Counties and Parishes.

Berks.

Parishes of Burghfield and Tilehurji.

Estates of what confiding.

A Farm called Pottingeu

A Farm -

The Hatch Public House, Two Tenements behind, and a House, Garden, and Collar-maker’s Shop adjoining, and several Pieces of Land A Cottage and Bam and Two small Fields

A Cottage, Gardens, and Plantation A Cottage and Garden A Cottage, Garden, and Two Closes Two Cottages and Wheeler’s Shop, Two Gardens and little Field Certain Chief Rents issuing and payable out of] Estates of other Persons, amounting yearly i about

Certain Cottage Rents payable for sundry Cottages within the Manor and Pa-ifh of Burghfield, amounting yearly to about Certain Chief Rents issuing and payable out of Estates in Shinfield, and called Shinfield Chief Rents, amounting yearly to about The Woods -

° f?

to

Tenants’ Names.

Brought over FrancisChafe for James 1 Tillards J

Mr. Lovegrove, late ] Thomas Tyler J

Jonathan Tanner Jonathan Tanner, fori Allridges - J Martin Emery Arthur Stephens Mrs. Sweetzar -

Mrs. Sweetzar

In Hand

Carried over

Quantities.

Yearly Rents.

A. R. p. £ s. d.

963 0 >3 844 7 0

>7 0 10 2 6 8

r9 0 36 3 10 0

4 I 31 I IO 0

I 0 20 0 2 6

0 3 10 0 2 6

0 0 20 1 5 O

I 2 20 0 2 6

0 2 0 0 2 6

- 10 1 I

- 2 «4 0

7 6 3

23 2 27

1031 2 *7

Total Rents.

£ ’ d-1485 19 24

873 o 2359 9 2;

772 43’ GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

[Loc. Per.]

Counties and Parishes.

Wilts.

Parish of Coaford St. Peters.

Oxfordshire. Parish of Bampton.

Estates of what confiding.

A Farm, consisting of a Farm House, Barns, Stables and Out-buildings, and several Inclosures, and sundry Pieces or Parcels of uninclosed Land, lying in the Common Fields called Hakefield, Wesi Broza, and North field, Writ-bottom, and Swyres, IEtjifield and Wesi. Hill, at djhton Gifford, in the Parish of Codjord St. Peters -

One undivided third Part or Share of and in the Manor and Hundred of Bampton, and the Chief or Quit Rents, Fairs, and Toils thereof, and the Entirety of the following Estates, viz. Farm, situate and being in the Hamlets of Bampton and If'eald A Public House, known by the Sign of the Talbot, with several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground thereto belonging 1'wo small Tenements, with the several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground thereto belonging, commonly called or known by the Names of Fishtrs and Sadlers A Farm -

A Farm

A Ditto -

Two Tenements and Garden in Broad street, Bampton, and One Cow Common in Cottage Close

Tenanis’ Names, Quantities. Yearly Rents.

A. R. P. £ * d.

Brought over 1 /

i 1 ;o 0 -

r - 1 Benjamin Rebbeck ' 92 2 22 -

1 |- virrc.r H’'i \nn Sammons, Widow 297 0 1 190 0 0

Walter King VO ro *> 00 15 10 0

Walter King 37 0 35 K5 OO O O

Robeit Hudlon 6 1 35 770

John Seary, for his own, and late Mo.fss Pawlin 28 0 16 23 0 0

David Watts IS 2 31 12 12 0

John Carter 0 0 36 3 O r 25O

r Canted over - 39+ L 22 CO z 0

Total Rents.

£ >. d.

*359 9 21

74 o o

2433 9

-'.I

V

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 401

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s inch Excellent Majesty. 1803.

Counties and Paiifaes.

Oxfordshire. Barish of tiamptu:.

>0(1*4 >B<] {/ ;£>«

Estates of what confiding.

A Cottage and Garden in Bampton, and One 1 Cow Common in Welt Moor - J

A Cottage and Gulden

A House in Two Tenements, with a large Barn Yard and Garden, with One Cow Common V in Cottage Close - - J

A Farm

A Cottage and Garden, with Two and a Half Cow Commons in Cotuge Close and Weald Mead.

A Cottage, Shop, and Garden, with Two and a Half Cow Commons on Cottage Close and Weald Mead A Farm -

A Mansion House, Pleasure Ground, and the several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Hereditaments and-Premises thereto belonging and held therewith A Cottage and Garden -

A Cottage and Garden in the Hamlet of Lew A Cottage.

The Cottage Close Common, subject to the Commonage.

The above Is a true Schedule, as Witness my Hand

Tenants’ Names. Quantities. Yearly Rents. Total Rents.

A. R. P. £ ' d. ’ d.

Brought over 394 i 22 278 14 0 2433 9 2r

Benjamin Tanner, late 1 Ann Gooding j 0 0 22 2 0 0

Elizabeth Lake 0 0X2 2 2 0

John Williams O I 20 5OO

Edward Whitacre, Esq.

late Miss Susannah

Frederick, on Lease

for Lives 66 i 5 4 0 0

Henry Neald 0 o 30 2S0

Robert Plafler 0 I 36 4 10 0

Samuel Hill 64 2 7 52 10 0

Charles Tunstall, lateT -

Robert Kirke, Esq. > 116 t 21 114 I

on Lease for Lives j

Kepel Seary 0 0 20 050

Thomas Joiner - 076

James benheld, late 1

Edward Hutten - j

- 10 0 10 -

1 6S3 0 5 — 365 7 7

1 Total Rents I2798 16 91

Is my Hand, T HCMnCSQAN

774 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

x*4 X 1*

Cap. 41.

An A<H for enabling the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the surviving Deviseein Trust named in the Will of ‘Thomas Batty, heretofore of the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, to grant Building Leases of certain Ground at or ntax Church Lane, in the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the fame Will; and to fell and pull down an ancient Messuage Handing on Part of the said Ground, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale upon the Trusts of the said Will.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS Thomas Batty, heretofore of the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, having been at the Time of making and publishing his last Will and Testament, and thence to the Time of his Decease, seised for an Estate in Fee Simple of and in and well entitled in his own Right to a Messuage or Tenement, and a certain Piece of Ground formerly called Piper's Close, but since converted into and now or lately used as Garden Ground, containing Four Acres Two Roods and Twenty-four Poles, formerly in the Parish of Stepney alias Stebunheath, but now of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex aforesaid fsubjett only to a Lease thereof made by the said Thomas Batty unto Charles Berner, of Church Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, Gardener, bearer. 1st Per.'} 9 M ing

782

Will of Thomas Batty,

43° GEORGII lir. Cap. ±1.

ing Date the Nineteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, for a Term of Forty-one Years, from Michaelmas One thousand seven hundred and eighty three, at the Rent of Twenty ^ounds per Annum, reserved to the said Thomas Batty, his Heirs and Assigns, with a Covenant on the Part of the said Thomas Batty to renew such Lease for a further Term of Twenty-one Years), did in and by his said last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and executed in such Manner as the Statute prescribes for rendering valid the Devises of Freehold Estates, give and devise the fame Messuage and Ground unto Isaac Ellis, of White he pel, in the said County of Middlesex, Wheelwright, and unto John Flexney, late of South End, in the County of Kent, Farmer, since dead, and their Heirs, to the Use of them and their Heirs during the natural Life of his (the Testator’s) Niece, Mary Jones (then the Wife of William Jones since deceased) but now the Wife of the said Charles Berner (the Lessee aforesaid) upon Trust, to pay the Rents, I (hues, and Profits thereof into the proper Hands of his (the Deflator's) said Niece, or to such Person or Persons as (he should by any Writing under her Hand direct or appoint, for the Term of her Life, to and for her foie and separate Use and Benefit, exclusively of the said William Jones her Husband, or any Husband ihe might thenafter happen to marry; and the said Testator did by his said Will declare that the fame should not be subject or liable to the Debts, Controul, or Engagements, of the said William Jones, or of any future Husband in anywise, and that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Mary Jones, signed by her alone, should from Time ±0 Time notwithstanding her Coverture, or any future Coverture, be a good and sufficient Discharge, and good and sufficient Discharges to the said Isaac Ellis and John Flexney, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for such Rents, Issues, and Profits, or so much thereof as should be therein acknowledged or expressed to be received; and from and immediately after the Decease of the said Mary Jones, the said Testator did by his said Will declare, that the said Messuage or Tenement and Ground should be divided into Two equal Parts or Shares, the One Half of which should be considered as divided into as many Shares as there should be Children of the said Mary Jones, who should be living at the Time of her Decease, or dead having left any Child or Children who should be living at the Time of the Decease of the said Mary Jones; and the said Testator did thereby declare that each of the Children of the said Mary Jones, who should be living at the Time of her Decease, should have and be entitled to One of such Shares; and that the Child and Children of every of them who should have died leaving any Child or Children who should be living at the Time of the Death of the said Mary Jones should have and be entitled to another of the said Shares; and that if there should happen to be Two or more who should be entitled to any such Share or Shares, or Parts or Divisions thereof, they should take the same as Tenants in Common and not as Joint Tenants; and that all and every such Child or Children should be entitled to such Shares and the Parts and Divisions thereof to them and their respective Heirs for ever $ and the said Testator did by his said Will give and devise the said Moiety of the said Gardens, House, and Ground, from and immediately after the Decease of the said Mary Jones, to such her Child and Children, Grand Child and Grand Children, and their Heirs for ever, according to such their respective Shares and Interests therein; and in case there should be only One such Child or Grand Child who should be

living

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

living at the Time of the Decease of the said Mary Jones, then the said Testator did by his said Will give and devise the fame Moiety to such Child or Grand Child, and to his or her Heirs absolutely for ever; and in case the said Mary Jones should happen to depart this Life without leaving any Child or Grand Child living at the Time of her Decease, then (after devising the fame Moiety unto the said William Jones (since deceased) for his Life, and after his Decease unto his (the Testator’s) Nephew, Robert Goodyer (since also deceased) for his Life, and after his Decease unto or for the Benefit of his (the said Robert Goodyer'%) Children and Grand Children, but which said Robert Goodyer died without Hue) the said Teltator did by his said Will, give and devise the said Moiety of the said Garden, House, and Ground, unto the said Isaac Ellis and John Flexney, and to their Heirs, to the Use of such Person and Persons, for such Estate and Estates, in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time and Times, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form as the said Mary Jones (notwithstanding her then Coverture, or any future Coverture) should by any Deed or Deeds in Writing to be by her executed in the Manner therein mentioned, or by her last Will and Tef-tament in Writing, or any Writing in the Nature of or purporting to be her last Will and Testament, to be by her signed, sealed, and published in the Manner therein expressed, direct, limit or appoint, and subject thereto, to the Use of the right Heirs of the said Mary Jones for ever; and as to the other or remaining Half Part of and in the said Premises, the said Testator did by his laid Will give and devise the fame from and after the Decease of the said Mary Jones, and also after the Decease of his Nephew John Batty, and in an Event which hath happened by Reason of his Death, without leaving any Child or Grand Child living at that Time, unto his (the Testator's) Nephew Abraham Batty and his Heirs for ever: And whereas the said Thomas Batty the Testator departed this Life soon after publishing his said Will with-out having revoked or altered the fame, leaving the said William Jones, and Mary his then Wife and his (the Testator’s) Nephews the said Robert Goodyer and John Batty, him surviving: And whereas the said William Jones departed this Life soon after the Death of the said Testator, leaving his said Wife (but no Hue by her) him surviving: And whereas the said Robert Goodyer and John Batty have both departed this Life without Hue, and the said John Flexney, One of the aforesaid Trustees, hath also departed this Life: And whereas the said Mary Jones hath intermarried with the said Charles Berner, by whom (he hath Hue now living Four Children all Infants, (namely) Elizabeth Berner, now of the Age of Eight Years and upwards; Robert Berner, now of the Age of Seven Years and upwards; Louisa Berner, now of the Age of Five Years and upwards; and Mary Berner, now of the Age of One Year and upwards: And whereas in consequence of the new Road about to be made from the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs in the said County of Middlesex, to Church Street, Whitechapel aforesaid, under an Act of Parliament lately passed, and which Road will cross Part of the said Garden Ground and Hereditaments so devised in end by the said Will as aforesaid, it is become a very definable Object on the Part of all Persons in anywise interested in those Hereditaments to let the Ground on building Leases for Terms of Ninety-nine Years, or such other Terms of Years as may be judged expedient; and that the said Messuage now on the Ground being exceedingly ancient and of little Value, and (landing in the Way or Line of the intended new Street, it would be i proper

7^:5

Death of Thomas Batlj.

Death of SVildam Joins.

Death of Robert Goodyer and John Batty. Children of Mary Tones by Charles Berner her now Husband.

Power to grant long Leases of the Premises now become defir-able.

7 84

Peri fee in Trull, and Chariej tier-nfr, empowered. under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to take down the Me tillage and grant Leases of the Scite thereof, as well as of the Ground.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 4-1.

proper to take down such Messuage and to build on the Scite thereof, in order to preserve an Uniformity in the Appearance of the intended Buildings, and the said Charles Berner and Mary his Wife, and also the said Abraham Batty, are accordingly very desirous of having this done; but on account of the Infancy of the Children of the said Mary Berner now born, and the Uncertainty as to what Children and Grand Children (he may leave at the Time of her Decease, it appears impracticable to grant Leases of the Moiety which by the said Will is so directed to be divided among stich her Children and Grand Children, for such Terms of Years as Per-1'ons willing to build on the Land would expect to have therein, neither would it be lawful to take down the said ancient Messuage without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Charles Berner and Mary his Wife, for themselves and their said Four Infant Children, and also the said Abraham. Batty being desirous that the said Isaac Ellis the surviving Trustee aforesaid, his Executors and Adminiltralors, conjointly with the said Charles Berner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during the Continuance of his Term and Interest in the said Premises under the said Lease so granted unto him as aforesaid, and afterwards that the said Isaac Ellis, his Executors and Administrators alone, may be authorized and empowered to rake down the said Messuage, and to dispose of the Materials thereof, and to grant Building Leases of the said Garden Ground, and also of the Scite tvhereon the said Messuage now hands, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in such Manner as is herein-after mentioned; do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after passing this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, upon a Petition, to authorize and empower the said Isaac Ellis, his Executors, and Administrators, conjointly with the said Charles Berner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, during the Continuance of his and their Term and Interest in the said Premises, under the said Lease so granted unto him the said Charles Berner as aforesaid, and afterwards for the said Isaac Ellis, his Executors, and Administrators alone, to take down the said Messuage, and from Time to Time by Indenture or Indentures under their or his (as the Case may be) Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, to make any Demise or Lease, Demises or Leases, of all or any Part of the said Ground and Hereditaments, and also of the Scite of the said Messuage when taken down, to any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to erect or build any new Messuage or Messuages, Erections or Buildings thereon, or onany Part thereof, for any such Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years in Possession, and upon such Conditions, as to the said Court shall seem reasonable; so as the respective Lessees do severally seal and deliver Counterparts of their respective Leases, with such Covenants therein as the said Court shall direct; and so as such Lessees do pay and satisfy all the Expences attending the making and granting their respective Leases and Counterparts; and so as the said Charles Berner, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, do defray the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Petition and other Proceedings in the said Court of Chancery necessary previously to executing such Leases,

3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery, in a funimary Way, upon a Petition, to authorize and empower the said Isaac Ellis, his Executors, and Administrators, to cause the said ancient Messuage, and the Offices and other the Buildings thereunto belonging, now on the said Ground, to be sold by publick Auction, and taken down; so as the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof do defray the Expences of taking down and carrying away the fame, and the Materials be removed from off the Ground within Twenty-one Days next after the Sale thereof; and so as the clear Produce of such Sale, after paying the necessary Expences thereof, be without Delay paid into the Bank" of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Charles Berner and Mary his Wife, and her Children and Grand Children living at the Time of her Decease, and also the said Abraham Batty, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth of George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Ordeis of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth of George the Second, Chapter Twenty-four; and such Produce having been so paid in, be with all practicable Speed laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills; and the Interest to arise from the Money so to be laid out, and also the Money to be received for such Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills, when paid off by Government, laid out in the like Manner, in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills , all which said Bills so to be purchased shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by the said Charles Berner and Mary his Wife, or such other Person or Persons as for the Time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said ancient Messuage and Building so to be taken down in pur-suance of this Act, such Bills shall be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General, in order to apply the Monies to arise by the Sale thereof in building on the said Ground, or some Part thereof, or otherwise as the fame Court shall direct.

III. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also unto the said Charles Berner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the said Mary Berner the Mother, and also the said Elizabeth Berner, Robert Berner, Louisa Berner, and Mary Berner the Daughter, and all other the Children, and also the Grand Children, of her the said Mary Berner the Mother, living at the Time of her Decease, and also the said Abraham Batty, and their several and respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Appointees, and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons that shall or may eventually become beneficially entitled unto or interested in the said Premises under or by virtue of the said Will of the said Thomas Batty deceased, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns), all such Estates, Right, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, to, in, or out of the said Premises, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

9 N

785

Premises to be sold by publick Auction and Purchase Money paid into the Bank under the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

General

Saving.

ILoc. y Per.-]

786

[Publick Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices, who shall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the fame had been de. dared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed Printers to the

by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

Luc j£< .>nisi. o 01 ! |n:;.> ts »?. I . ;c \ - y 1

GEORGII III. REGIS*

/ art? t, hqo'Jr.rrT Trh ,r! Sr xlr* 'xiiv >\

*j(t*He*of

42.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Sturton and Branjby, in the Parish of Stowe, in the County of Lincoln.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Township of Stowe, and Hamlets of Sturton and Branjby, in the Parish of Stowe, in the County of Lincoln, divers Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds, which are distinguished by several Names, and which contain together Two thousand Acres or thereabouts: And whereas Sir fVbc.rton Amcotti Baronet, is Lord of the Manor of Stowe, and as such is interested in the Soil of such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as are not private or separate Property: And whereas the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Lincoln, in Right of his See, is Patron of the Vicarage of Gainsburgh, in the said County of Lincoln; and David Henry Urquhart Clerk, Master of Arts, is Vicar of the Vicarage of Gainsburgh aforesaid, and as such Vicar is Prebendary of the Prebend [Loc. & /Vr.] 9 6 of

79° 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

of and Corringham, founded in the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary, of Lincoln, and Impropriator of Part of the Keftory of Stowe aforesaid: And whereas Benjamin Bromhead, James Brombeai, and Bromhead Esquires, and Edward Bromhead Clerk, are Lcfle s thereof for Three Lives, by virtue of a Lealc thereof granted to them by the Vicar of Gainsburgh for the Time being; and the said David Henry Urquhart, and the said Benjamin Bromhead, James Br>mbead, John Bromhead, and Edward Bromhead, as his Ldices, are entitled to certain Great and Small Tythes, and to certain Modules, Compositions, or other Money Payments arising and renewing from certain Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Stowe-, and Philip Williams Clerk is Pre* bendary of the Prebend of Stowe, in the said Cathedral Church, and Impropriator of other Parts of the said Rectory; and John Fardell Gentleman, is Lefiee thereof for Three Lives, by virtue of a Lease thereof granted unto him by the said Prebendary of Stowe; and the said Prebendary and the said John Fardell, as his Less;e, are entitled to certain Great and Small Tythes, and also to certain Modules, Compositiuns, or other Money Payments, arising and renewing from certain Parts of the Land-, and Grounds within the said Parish of Stowe: And whereas Trot man Coats Clerk, is Curate of the perpetual Curacy of Stowe aforesaid, and as such is entitled to the Surplice Fees which belong to the said Curacy, and also to a certain annual Stipend, paid by the Impropriators of the said Rectory, buc is not entitled to or interested in the Tythes, Modules, Compositions, or Money Payments, arising from any Part of the said Lands and Grounds: And whereas the Right Honourable Sir William Fawcett Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, John Kirkby Clerk, Robert Vyner, Hugh Bateman, William Hutton, and William Majon, Esquires; Elizabeth Raby, and Mary Hutton, Widows; Ann Metcalfe, and Sarah Martindale, Spiniters; 'William Booth, Ralph Walker, Samuel Slater, Charles Greenfield the younger, William Widdowfon, and John Tbroop, Gentlemen, and divers other Persons respectively, are Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, Toftsteads, Lands, and Tenements, and are respectively entitled to Gates of Stinted Pasture, Right* nf Common, and other Interests upon the said Stinted Pallures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and are also Owners and Proprietors nf all the said Open Arable Fields, ancient Inclosures, and Meadows within the said Township and Hamlets, in different Proportions: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Alls of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Falls usually required on the passing of such APIs: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the respectlive Proprietors in the said Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wades, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds lie very much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are very inconveniently ficuated for the Occupation thereof, and are therefore incapable of any considerable Improvement} and it would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein, if all the said Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in proportion to their respective Property, Gates, Rights, and other Interests in t)ie fame} but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot effectually

be

s

79*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

be carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it ynafted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Hopkinjon of Willingham, in the said County of Lincoln, and Commit-Benjamin Codd of Glentworth, in the same County, Gentlemen, and their <ioi*e"’ Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after directed, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, setting out, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures,

Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Township of Stowe, and the said Hamlets of Sturton and Branjby, in the said Parish of Stowe, and for putting the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, in the Manner and subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, and also subject to the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act, except where the same are hereby varied or altered.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the special com. said Commissioners shall differ or disagree in Opinion, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be by them done and performed in in case of pursuance and by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, then and in Difference, every such Case the said Commissioners or either of them shall, within Ten Days after such Difference or Disagreement in Opinion shall arise, give Notice in Writing to William Whitekck of Brother ton. in the County of York. Gentleman, or his Successor to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, who shall be and is hereby appointed a Special Commissioner, for settling and determining such Difference or Disagreement between the said Commissioners, and the Determinarion of such Special Commissioner in the Premises shall be binding and condusive unto and upon all Parties: Provided also, that no Person shall be capable of act- Special Coming as a Special Commissioner in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act or the said recited Act, until he shall have tak n and sub- ta e an a‘1* feribed the Oath directed by the said recited Act to be taken by Com-ftiissioners for executing Acts of Inclosure, which Oath it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or either of them to administer; and the said Oath so taken and subscribed by such Special Commissioner shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall be commission-raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, ersAllowance, there shall be paid to each of the said Commissioners, as a Recompence

for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings and no more, for each Day he shall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending in the Execution of this or the said recited Act; and that the said Commissioners shall defray their travelling Expences, and also their own Expences at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Hopkinson or any Hownew

succeeding Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after commission-mentioned, shall die, refuse, Of become incapable to act, it shall be law- b*

ful

79*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

ful for the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the Township of Stowe afurel'aid, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or the major Part of them in Value, from Time to Time at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, within Two Calendar Months next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity as aforesaid shall happen, (Ten Days Notice being first given of such Meeting by the surviving or remaining Commissioner, before the same shall be held, by Writing to be affixed on the principal oucer Door of the Parish Church of Stowe aforesaid) by any Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint One other Com-inissioner in the room of every such Commissioner who shall so die, refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid j and in case the said Benjamin Codd, or any succeeding Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the Hamlets of Sturtcm and Branjby aforesaid, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or the major Part of them in Value, from Time to Time at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, within Two Calendar Months after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall happen (Ten Days Notice being first given of such Meeting by the surviving or remaining Commissioner, before the same shall be held, in Manner aforesaid), by any Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint One other Commissioner in the room of every such Commissioner who shall so die, refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid; and in case the said William iVhitekek, or any succeeding Special Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors of all the Lands and Grounds, as well in the said Township of Stowe as in the said Hamlets of Sturton and Branjby, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or the major Part of them in Value, from Time to Time at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, within Two Calendar Months next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity as aforesaid shall happen (Ten Days Notice being first given of such Meeting by the said Commissioners or their Successors as aforesaid, before the same shall be held in Manner aforesaid) by any Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint One other Special Commissioner in the room of every such Special Commissioner who shall so die, refuse, or become incapable to act j which several Writings and Elections the said Parties are hereby severally required to make and execute, and the same shall be annexed to and inrolled with the said Award; and in case the said respective Parties or any of them shall make Default in appointing any such new Commissioner within Two Calendar Months next, after any such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act as aforesaid, (the fame having been made known and signified to them as aforesaid), then the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall and they are hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the said Two Calendar Months allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Commissioners or Commissioner by them respectively as aforesaid, to appoint One other Commissioner not interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, in the Place and Stead of such Commissioner or Special Commissioner dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every such Person and Persons when so elected and appointed shall have the fame Power and Authority for putting this and the said

793

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

said recited Act in Execution as the Commissioners or Special Commissioner to whose Place he or they shall so succeed was or were verted with.

V. And be it further enacted, That Joseph Thackray, of Gainsburgh Appointment aforesaid, Land Surveyor, shall be, and he is hereby appointed Surveyor ot s'jrveyor-for executing the several Powers and Authorities of this Act, and shall be

and is hereby verted with the like Powers and Authorities as are verted or intended to be verted in any Person to be appointed Surveyor by virtue of the said recited Act; and in case of his Death, Neglect, Refund, or Disability to act, then such other Person, not being interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, as the said Conunillioners shall direct and appoint to act in his Place and Stead, shall be the Surveyor for the Purposes of this Act, such Appointment to be reduced into Writing and signed by the Commissioners making the same, and to be inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to cause publick Notice to be given in the Jf Meetings?* Parish Church of Stowe aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the fnoft publick outer Door of the said Parish Church, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in the Newspaper called The Lincoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, or some other Newspaper circulating in the County of Lincoln, of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting for the Execution of this or the said recited Act, Ten Days at least before any such Meeting shall be holden (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said Powerfor One Commissioners as aforesaid, only One of the said Commissioners shall attend, the Commissioner so attending may adjourn such Meeting to such Meeting*. Time not exceeding Ten Days from the Time of Adjournment, and to such Place as shall be by him deemed mort convenient, giving Notice thereof in Writing to the absent Commissioner.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices ne- other Notices cessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners shall be

be so made and given by Writing, to be affixed on One of the mort publick outer Doors of the said Parish Church of Stowe, or by Advertisement in the said Lincoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, or some other Newspaper circulating in the said County of Lincoln.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference Commission-shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested

in the said Division and Inclosure, or any of them touching or concerning claims the Right of the Soil of the said Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, and interests, which they or any of them shall have, or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be binding and conclusive:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorise the said \Loc. & Per.] 9 P Commissioners

794-

Power to

aflel's Cults.

Allowing Parlies to try theii Rights of Soil by an I Hue at Law.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Colls, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Lofts and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person whomsoever, which Warrant they are hereby empowered to grant accordingly, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Sir Wharton Amcotts, or any other Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Sir Wharton Amcotts, or the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Lincoln, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned IlTue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues whereby such Claim or Claims and the Right and Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined, (such Hue and Hues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cases; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be

795

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials; and the Costs of such Trial or Trials shall be paid by the Party or Parties against whom such Verdict or Verdicts shall be given: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims to such Right of Soil in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action if any of the to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such proceedings Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if not to abate, no such Event had happened.

XII. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the passing of this Act ^andrj as conveniently may be, the said Commissioners shall by One or more Writing or Writings under their Hands, order and direct what Course of Husbandry shall be used in the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, until the Time when they shall have made and compleated the said Division and Inclosure, as well with respect to the laying down, ploughing, sowing, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the flocking and eating of the Fallows or Stubbles, and shall and may in and by such Writing aforesaid, set and impose such Penalties on every Person not conforming to such Orders and Directions, and for doing or committing any Damage, Waste, or Detriment in or upon the said Lands and Grounds as they shall think reasonable, which Penalties shall be recovered and applied as herein-after mentioned; and all such Orders of the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested, their Farmers and Tenants.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Tenants or Occupiers of the Tenants to be Lands and Grounds within the said Township, Hamlets, and Parish in- following* tended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall be allowed to fow, reap. Crops, and and carry away the fame Kinds of Corn or Grain, upon or from the same to benfadefor Number of Acres, and in, upon, and from the same Fields, Lands, and the Standage Grounds, as and for their following or Way-going Crops, without paying owse°rsboftlW any Rent or making any Satisfaction or Compensation for the Standage the Lands, thereof, as they would have been respectively entitled to if they had quitted their Farms at the End of their respective Years therein, and this Act had not been made, except in such Cases where there are special Agreements to the contrary, provided that they shall have pursued the fame Course of Husbandry with their Fallow and other Lands as has been the usual Custom in the said Fields; but in case they shall vary therefrom, or shall have sown such Land with Corn as ought in the due Course of Husbandry to have lain Fallow, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make such Charges upon their following Crops, to be paid before the same are taken off the Ground, as to them shall seem reasonable and proper; but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give any Tenant a Right to a following Crop, where he or flie

was

796 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

was not entitled to the fame before the passing of this Act: Provided nevertheless, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, to ascertain, order, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid by the Owner or Owners of such Lands and Grounds from which such following or Way-going Crops shall be reaped and carried away as aforesaid, for the Standage of such Crops, to the Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Grounds shall be allotted by virtue of this Act; but if in either of the said Cases such Charge, Recompence, and Satisfaction shall not be satisfied and paid at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed by the said Commissioners, then the said Commissioners shall and may by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, (which Warranc or Warrants they are hereby directed and empowered td grant accordingly), cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person and Persons required to make such Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

01a Swaith of

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after Ten Years the passing of this Act, no old Swarth Ground, Parcel of the Lands and be ploughed!0 Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, and which shall have not been ploughed or used in Tillage for the Space of Ten Years last past before the passing of this Act, shall be ploughed,-broke up, or converted into Tillage until the making of such Division and Allotments thereof, and Notice given to enter upon such Allotment.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at any Encroach- Time within Twenty Years now last past have been made upon the said Lands and Grounds shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed accordingly; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching any such Encroachments or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally determined by the said Commissioners.

Allotments

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall <tfr<fcrVref ant^ are hereby required, after making the Allotments for publick pairing Roads', Roads directed by the said recited Act, in the next Place, to set out and sick Water* aPP°*nt such One or more Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground within the ing Places!" said Township and Hamlets respectively, (being Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed), in such convenient Place or Places as they the said Commissioners shall adjudge proper and convenient, to be used for the Purpose of publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting Stone, Sand, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the Highways and Roads to be set out, and made in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any other ancient Roads within the said Township and Hamlets, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Township and Hamlets respectively, and shall also order and direct in what Manner the Herbage and Produce thereof shall be appropriated.

fin Hsxft aisr

XVII. And-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That after such intended Division and Inclosure, all the Grass and Herbage growing or renewing on any of the said Roads or Ways so to be set out in the said Township and Hamlets respectively, shall be and is hereby verted in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township and Hamlets respectively for the Time being, in Trust to let the fame by publick Auction, and to apply and dispose of the Rents and Profits thereof for and towards the Reparation of the several Highways within the said Township and Hamlets respectively; and such Surveyor and Surveyors shall account for the Rents and Profits thereof in the same Manner as he or they is or are accountable for other Money that shall come to his or their Hand or Hands as Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties for Neglect thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoeveT to graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever in or upon any of the Roads or Ways to be set out by virtue <5f this Act, which shall be made into Lanes, or fenced on either Side, for the Space of Ten Years next after the making and executing of the said Commissioners Award.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next Place assign, set out, allot, and award, unto the said Sir Whartcn jimcotts, as Lord of the said Manor, his Heirs or Assigns, such Part or Parts of the Residue of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Sixteenth Part of all and every such Parcel and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as shall not be private or separate Property, and the Soil of which the said Sir IVbarton Amcotts is entitled to or interested in as Lord of the said Manor of Stowe, in lieu of and as a Compensation for all the Right and Interest of him the said Sir IVbarton Amcotts, his Heirs or Assigns, in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required and empowered after the several Allotments herein-before and by the said recited Act directed shall have been made, to assign, allot, set out, and divide all the Residue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, according and in Proportion to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein, in lieu of and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all the Right of Common and Pasturage, and other Shares, Rights, and Interests whatsoever, of the said several Owners and Proprietors in and upon the said Lands and Grounds respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Shares, Rights, and Interests of the said Proprietors in the Lands and Grounds to be awarded, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and also the respective Shares, and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Proprietors respectively, in lieu thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice

[hoc. if Per.'} 9 in

797

Grass upon Roads to be vetted in Surveyors of Highways,

Roads not to be (locked for Ten Yean.

Allotment for Right of Soil.

Allotment of the Residue.

Objections to Allotments to be deermined by the C-itn-millioners.

.798

Allotment! in Trust.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

in Manner aforesaid, of some convenient Time and Place when and where all Proprietors and Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and a Map or Plan whereon the lame shall be set out and delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, so far as the fame relates to such Proprietors respectively; and in regard that some Person or Persons mav, upon Perusal. of the said Schedule, and Inspection of such Map or Plan, be dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give Notice of One Meeting at the lead, to be held by them for receiving Complaints and Objections against such intended Allot ents, and for hearing and determining all such Complaints and Objections; and their Determination in the Premises being reduced into Writing, and signed by them, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties until the Execution of the said Award.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may set out and allot unto and for the Churchwarden and Churchwardens of the Parish of Siowe, and their Successors for the Time being respectively, and to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Township of Stowe, or Hamlets of Sturton and Branjby, and their Successors for the Time being respectively, who are hereby respectively enabled to take, hold, and enjoy the fame in Succession, according to their several and respective Rights, Interests, Estates, and Property in the said Township and Hamlets, and unto and for such other Person or Persons respectively who now is, or are or shall or may be entitled to any Allotment in the said Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in Right of or in Trust for any College, Hospital, School, Poor, or publick Use, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes upon and for which the Hereditaments and Premises, and other Property in Right whereof the fame were allotted, are now held and enjoyed as aforesaid, and also unto the Purchaser or Purchasers who hath or have heretofore made any Purchase or Purchases within the said Township or Hamlets, by the Bounty of Her late Majesty Queen Jrwe, such Parcel or Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds as shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be such respective Person or Persons Proportion or Proportions thereof, after a Deduction being made thereout of so much as shall, in the Judgement aforesaid, be equal in Value to his, her, or their respective Proportions of the Expences of the outside mounding or fencing of such Allotment or Allotments respectively, and of the Charges and Expences incident to the obtaining, passing, and executing this Act, and of such other Expences as are herein after directed to be paid and borne for them respectively by the other Proprietors and Persons incerefled in the said Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided and inclosed, which Parcel or Parcels of Land so to be set out and allotted as aforesaid, the said Churchwarden and Churchwardens, Overseer and Overseers, and their respective f'uccessors for the Time being, and such other Person or Persons, Purchaser and Purchasers as aforesaid, are hereby empowered, by and with the Consent and under and subject to the Directions of the said Commissioners, to demise or lease for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Time of the Execution of such Lease or Leases , and such Land so deducted, shall be divided atpongst the said Proprietors so charged with such Lx-pences as aforesaid.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Person and Persons interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure (except only the Person or Persons t6 whom any Allotments shall be made in Trust as aforesaid) at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, to sell and dispose of all such Estate, Right, Title, and Property, which he, she, or they shall have into or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, and to convey the fame by Deed or Surrender according to the Tenure of the Estate or Interest in respect whereof such Allotment shall be made to the Purchaser thereof, separate from the Estate or other Interest, in right whereof he, she, or they is or are or shall be so entitled; and also to grant, surrender, mortgage, fell, and convey all or any of the Allotments which shall be set out and alligned to and for such Person and Persons respectively by virtue of this Act, though the said Award of the said Commissioners shall not then have been executed, subject nevertheless to all Settlements, Mortgages, Charges, and Incumbrances, affecting the Messuages, Cottages, Toftfleads, Lands, Grounds, Estates, or Interests in respect whereof such Rights shall arise, or such Allotments shall be made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Parcels of Land and Allotments which shall have been set out and allotted by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed and fenced in such Manner, and within such Time or Times as the said Commissioners by any Writing under their Hands as aforesaid, or by their Award shall order and direct j and such Fences shall at all Times hereafter be repaired and maintained by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint in or by any such Writing, or in or by their said Award.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the several Proprietors of Estates within the said Parish of Stowe, or any of them respectively, shall, at any Time within Two Years next after the passing of this Act, be minded or desirous to exonerate the Whole or any Part of the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Common', and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, from the Payment of Tythes, and shall enter into an Agreement with the said Tythe Owners, for that Purpose, but not otherwise, then and in such Case such Two Persons as the said Tythe Owners, by and with the Consent of the said Bishop of L incoln, and the said David Henry Urquhart and Philip Williams, and their Successors respectively, and such Proprietor or Proprietors making the same respectively, by any Writing under their Hands, to be by them delivered to the said Commissioners within the Time before limited for making such Agreement, shall together nominate and appoint, shall be and are hereby appointed Arbitrators for exonerating, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Arbitrators to exonerate the Whole or any Part of the said Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, from the Payment of all Tythes both Great and Small, and from all Modules, Compofi ions, or other Payments whatsoever, and in lieu thereof to allot Lands or fix and appoint annual Payments by way of Corn Rent or otherwise, to be charged upon the Estates of the respective Proprietors, as such Proprietors and the said Tythe Owners shall agree; and within Two Calendar Months next before the Time to be appointed by the said Commissioners

799

Power for Pro-pi icto.s to fell their Rights, &c.

For inclosing

Proprietors

Allotments.

Lands to be

exonerated

fromTythes,

etc.

8oo

For nominating fresh Arbitrators and Umpires.

Expences of the Exoneration to be pa:d by rlic Parties.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

for executing their Award, of which Three Calendar Months Notice shall be given and affixed on the Door of the Church of Stowe aforesaid, to form and draw up respective Awards or Instruments in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Arbitrators, whereby they stall set forth and fully describe the Lands to be allotted, or the annual Money Payments to be charged upon the Estates of the said Proprietors in lieu thereof to the said Tythe Owners; and in case the said respective Arbitrators shall not make and complete their said respective Awards, and deliver the same to the Commissioners within the Time before limited, then and in every Cafe such disinterested Person or Persons as shall be elected and appointed by the said Arbitrators respectively, by Writing under their Hands, for an Umpire (such Election and Appointment being made before the said Arbitrators respectively proceed in their Arbitrations), shall be and is hereby appointed Umpire for finally exonerating the fame, and determining the l'everal Matters and Things agreed to be referred to the said Arbitrators respectively in Manner aforesaid; and the said respective Urn-pire so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid shall within Two Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for making and completing the said Arbitrators Award, have such and the like Power and Authority in every Respect and to every Intent and Purpose as is hereby vested in the said Arbitrators; and such Determinations or Awards of the said Arbitrators or Umpire respectspectively, made in Writing under their or his Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal respectively, shall be final and conclusive, and shall be delivered to the said Commissioners within the Times before respectively limited for the making thereof; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to comprise the respective Awards of the said Arbitrators, or their Umpire as aforesaid, in the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, and to make the fame a Part or Part* thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Persons so to be nominated Arbitrators or Umpires respectively as aforesaid, or any of them, shall die, refuse, or be disabled to act before the said Arbitration shall be perfected and completed, then and in every such Case, an Arbitrator or Arbitrators, or Umpire or Umpires, shall be nominated, appointed, or elected in the Place and Stead of any such Arbitrator or Umpire so dying, refusing, or being disabled to act as aforesaid, by the Person and Persons respectively who are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate, appoint, or elect the original Arbitrator and Umpire respectively, and within the respective Times, in like Manner, and under and subject to the like Limitations, Restrictions, and Directions; and such newly appointed Arbitrator or Arbitrators, Umpire or Umpires respectively shall act and be inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities as herein-before expressed with respect to the original Arbitrators and Umpire respectively.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Expences attending any such Exoneration, shall be paid by the Proprietors making such Agreements, at such Time and Times and in such Manner in all Respects, as the said respective Arbitrators or Umpires in or by their said Award, or by any Writing to be signed by them in the mean Time shall direct or appoint, by any Rate or Rates to be made by them for that Purpose; and that the Expences attending the comprirtng of the Award or Awards of the said Arbitrator or Arbitrators, Umpire or Umpires re-

6 spectively

8oi

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

spectively In the Award of the said Commissioners shall be also paid by the said Proprietors respectively, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners in and by their said Award, or by any Writing to be signed by them in the mean Time, shall direct or appoint, by any Rate or Rates to be made by them for that Purpose, and that such several Rate and Rates, and Sum and Sums of Money, shall be paid to such Person and Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said respective Arbitrators and Umpire, and the said Commissioners shall in and by their said several Awards, or any other Writing to be by them respectively signed before the Execution ol their said several Awards order and direct, with the fame Powers for raising the fame* and for the Recovery thereof in case of Non-payment, as in and by the said recited Act is given for raising and recovering the Expences of obtaining this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Landslh»ll Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any wise to to the Pay-prejudice, lefTen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Te- ment of l'peftive Tytlie Owners or their Successors, or of their, or any of their T)tl'es>£,f*

l.eli'ee of Lessees, or of the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Af-

signs of- any of them to any Great and Small Tythes, or to any Mo-dufes, Compositions, or other Payments whatsoever, growing, arising, or renewing, or to grow, artfe, or renew out of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish of Stowe, but that the lame and every of them shall remain and be due and payable (except only such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the said Parish, which shall or may be exonerated and discharged from the Payment of Tythes by the Means herein-before provided), in the same Manner as the fame was or were payable immediately before the passing of this Act, or would have been payable in case this Act had not been made $ any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any of the owners of Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and in- Freeboard, closed shall adjoin on any Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land left on [otmems^n* the Outside of the Fences of any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place lieu thereof, which shall run into any of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to

be divided, allotted, and inclosed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot unto the Owner or Owners of such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, such Piece or Parcel of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in their Judgement be equal in Value to such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land as aforesaid, and the Fence or Fences adjoining to such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, and now belonging to any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, shall for ever thereafter be maintained and supported by and at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land respectively; and that the Allotment or Allotments so to be set out and allotted as aforesaid, in lieu of such Freeboard, Screed, and Parcel of Land, shall be deemed and taken to be as Part and Parcel of the Parish, Township, or Place to which such Freeboard, Screed,

[Loc. ft? Per.'] 9 R or

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

or Parcel of Land in lieu of which it shall be so allotted as aforesaid now belongs.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized at any Time or Times before the Execution of the said Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Stowe aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Part of the Gates, Rights of Common, and other Intereds in, over, or upon the said Ings, Meadows, Stinted Padures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Gates, Rights, and Interests as the said Conl-xnissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Chur.h Door, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Cudom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant and Occupier from Year to Year, or under any Lease or Agreement for

changer! any Term of Years of any Open Field, Land, Gates of Common or Si^sfac'i'on"8 Pasture> or Old Inclosures within the said Township and Hamlets refer lo doing, spectively, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall immediately upon the making and Publication of such Division and Inclosure as aforesaid, or at such other Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint by Writing under their Hands, give up and resign the full and peaceable Possession of such allotted or exchanged Lands, to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively allotted or exchanged, such respective Tenants and Occupiers of such allotted or exchanged Lands receiving from the said respective Owners and Proprietors thereof such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants respectively on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the Loss or Lodes he, she, or they shall respectively sustain thereby; and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same within Fourteen Days after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same for the Ule and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, can or may be raised or recovered: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease or Leases of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the Township, Hamlet, or Parish aforesaid, and Part in any adjoining Township or Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsiding may and shall be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease and wholly situate in an adjoining Township or Parish, the Lease of such lad mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

802

For extin-

fuilhingor impending Gates of Common Kighrs and Interests before the Award.

Tenants to give up al-

to beof the'd

XXXII. And whereas the several Messuages or Tenements, Open and fame Tenure Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Failures, Moors, Commons, »s Estate» in Walle

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 803

Waste Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, within the said Township of Right of Stowe, and Hamlets of Sturton and Branjly, may consist of Freehold, fhalfbe'atTot-Copyhold, and I eafehold Hereditaments respectively; be it therefore ted. enacted, That all such Lands and Grounds as shall by virtue of this Act be divided, allotted, and inclosed to any of the said Proprietors, shall be held by such Proprietors respectively, under the fame Tenures, Rents,

Customs, and Services as the Lands or other Property in respect of which such Allotments shall be made, were respectively held and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or would have been held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made; and the several Lands and Grounds which in the said Award shall be declared to have been allotted, in Right of Freehold Lands or Hereditaments, shall from the making and executing thereof be deemed Freehold Lands, and shall from thenceforth be held of the Lord of the Fee under the fame Rents and by the fame Services as the Freehold Property in lieu or in respect of which they were so allotted, was before that Time held; and the several Lands and Grounds which shall be therein declared to have been allotted, in lieu or in respect of Copyhold Property, shall be in like Manner deemed Copyhold or Customary, and shall be held of the Lord of the Manor of Stowe aforesaid under the fame Rents, and by the fame CuRoms, Duties, and Services as the Copyhold Lands or other Property in lieu or in respect of which they were so allotted, were or ought to have been held, and shall pass by the like Surrenders as the present Copyhold Lands, Hereditaments, and Pretnifes, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, are now holden under and are liable to; and the Lands and Grounds which shall be therein declared to have been allotted, in lieu or in respect of Lease-hold Lands, or other Leasehold Property, shall be in like Manner deemed Leasehold, and shall be held under the fame Rents as the Lands or other Property in lieu or in respect whereof they were so respectively allotted, were held; and the Rtversion thereof shall be vested in the fame Lessors respectively, as the Reversion of such other Lands and Property was vested before the making of this Act} any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Persons to No Fines on whom any Allotments of Copyhold or Customary Lands shall be made, ^ncesto"'" either originally, or in consequence of any such Exchanges as aforesaid, Copyhold shall not on Account of such Allotments to be made by the said Com- Al|otments* missioners Award, on the First Admittances in pursuance thereof, pay

any Fine to the said Lord of the Manor for the fame, provided that such Admittances be applied for u'ithin One Year next after the Execution of the said Award; and that the Copyhold Rents, or Grave Chief Rents, or Quit Rents, now and heretofore payable yearly by the Copyholders, shall never hereaft r be increased in respect of the new allotted Estates; yet nevertheless the Fines hereafter to become due upon every future Death, Alienation, or Admittance shall be paid in respect of such Copy-hold Estates so to be allotted by virtue of this Act, in like Manner and in the fame Proportion as they have heretofore been paid for the ancient Copyhold Lands and Tenements within the said Manor.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Lands and Exchanged Hereditaments which shall or may be exchanged by virtue of this or Lands to the said recited Act, shall be held in like Manner under and by virtue of jjf"8* ^a'

the

804 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

the fame Tenures and Rents, and shall be thereafter deemed to be of the fame Quality, whether Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold respectively, as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be given and accepted in lieu thereof, were held or deemed immediately before the making every such Exchange respectively.

No Titles to

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act.'1*b> this Act contained shall extend or be coni'trued, deemed, adjudged, or taken to revoke, make void, annul, or any way affect any Grant, Aflur-ance. Limitation of Use, Declaration of Trust, or any Deed, Surrender, Will, or Lease whatsoever, except with respect to such Leases, and so far only as herein mentioned, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, Rent, In-v cumbrance, or other Claim or Demand out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, in respect of which the said Lands and Grounds shall be allotted, or any Part thereof, or which shall be exchanged in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, but that the Lands and Grounds so to be allotted and exchanged, shall immediately after the making of such Allotments and Exchanges respectively, be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed; and the several Proprietors to whom the same shall be allotted or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth (land and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, subject to the Charges to be made thereon by virtue of this Act, under and liable to the same Uses and Trusts, and to and for such and the fame Estates and Interests, and subject to such and the fame Wills and Leases (except only as before excepted) Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, Incumbrances, and Demands, as the several Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, and other Property in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, or which shall be so exchanged, are and shall be subject and liable to at the Time of such Division and Inclosure.

Commission-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners ers to widen fllaj| anci may fC0Ur out and widen all such ancient Brooks, Ditches, Ditches, fife. Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Sluices, and Bridges, and shall and and make may make, erect, set out, and appoint such new Ditches, Drains, Wa-

ntwones. tercourses, Tunnels, Sluices, Gates, Banks, and Bridges, as well in,

through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as also in, over, and through any ancient inclosed Lands within the said Parish of Stowe (except Gardens, Orchards, and Homesteads) belonging to any Person or Persons whomsoever, (making such Satisfaction to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such ancient inclosed Lands for the Damage done thereto, as the said Commissioners in their Judgement and Opinion shall think reasonable) of such Depth and Breadth, and in such Directions, Manner, and Form, as they shall think proper; and the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby directed and required, in and by their said Award, to order and determine by whom, at whose Expence, at what Time, and in what Manner the said Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Sluices, Gates, Banks, and Bridges shall be made, and afterwards cleansed, scoured, repaired, and maintained; and if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, injure, or damage any of the Works aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted before One or more Justice or Justices

43° GEORGII ill. Cap. 42. 805

Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey, in the said County of Lincoln, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, who is and are hereby required to hear and determine the fame, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, over and above the Amount of the Damage done to such Works, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Half shall be applied in repairing and maintaining such Brooks, Ditches,

Drains, Watercourses,or other Works; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall by such Justice or Justices be committed to* the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said Parts* there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar Month.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no_ Sheep or Lambs shall ^"nthe be kept on any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, in or inclosure* for upon the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted,

and inclosed, during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution fenced, of the said Award, unless the Person or Persons so keeping the same shall first at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a Fence sufficient to guard the young Quick Fences round such Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by such Sheep or Lambs, whether such Quick Fences be planted or set by the Owners or Occupiers of such Ah lotments as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Occupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the To make said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make Gant"ata"ke and set up, or cause to be made and set up, good and sufficient Fences End of the and publick Carriage Gates in the fame, at the End of the publick Roads Roads-and Highways within the said Township or Hamlets respectively, next or

against any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, to prevent Cattle from trespassing, and for preserving the young Quicksets to be planted in the Fences of the new Inclosures; which said Fences and Gates at the End of such publick Roads and Highways, shall for ever after the making thereof be supported, maintained, and kept in Repair by the several Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township or Hamlets respectively for the Time being: Provided always, that convenient Gaps and Openings openings to shall be left in the Fences to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Space , e left in of Six Calendar Months next ensuing the executing of the said Award, sjTcdendar for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages in and through the fame, Months, unless the said Commissioners shall by their said Award, or by any other Instrument in Writing under their Hands, order the same to be sooner fenced and made up.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and f°'- paying Expences incident to the obtaining and passing this Act, and the survey- '‘>en"ei' ing, measuring, dividing, and allotting the said Open and Common Fields,

Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be allotted, divided,

[Loc. ft? Per.] 9 S and

8o6

For paying; the Expences of making Exchanges.

Proprietors and Agents to pay their own Expences.

Money advanced for obtaining this A t to be first paid.

The Award to be inrolled and lepofited in the Church of Stowe.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sdfious.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

and inclosed, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and all other necessary Costs, Charges, and Expences in and about the Premises, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and of the said recited Act (except the said Sir Wharton Amcotts, in respect of his Manerial Rights, and such Persons to whom Allotments shall be made in Trull as aforesaid) in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall appoint, by any Rate or Rates to be made by them for that Purpose; and the several Sums of Money thereby rated shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award, or any other Writing to be by them signed either before or after the Execution thereof, award, order, and direct.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Exchanges or Partitions to be made, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award, or any other Writing, to be by them signed either before or after the Execution thereof, order and direct.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this or the said recited Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance any Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, such Person or Persons shall be repaid the fame with lawful Interest, out of the First Money to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That within Nine Calendar Months next after the said Commissioners shall have made and executed their Award in Manner directed by the said recited Act, the same shall be inrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, and the said Award shall be immediately afterwards deposited in a Box or Chest to be placed and kept in the Parish Church of Stowe aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any other Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case, (except in such Cases wherein the Determination of the said Commissioners is herein declared to be final, binding, and conclusive), he, she, or they may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden at Kirton in Lind/ey, in and for the Parts of Lindsey in the said County of Lincoln, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices in the said General Quarter Sessions are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine the Matters of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and

award

1

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 807

award such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distrei's and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the Paid Justices shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be removeable or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XLV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or S:uins' Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under him or them, or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or would or ought to have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Declaring the the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed, Act Pubilck-may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

Ha-ii . 5

t. - iA

i- ,

(?/

i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

t*4^4M^tM*4*a*4

Cap. 43.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Norton, in the Parishes of Norton and Dronfield, in the County of Derby.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Parish of Norton, in the County of Derby, certain Commons or Parcels of Waste Ground, containing together by Estimation One hundred and forty Acres or thereabouts, upon which the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor and Parish, are in Right thereof entitled to Common of Pasture for all their Commonable Cattle levant and couchant upon their said respective Tenements: And whereas there are within the said Manor of Norton, in the Parish of Dronfield, in the said County of Derby, certain ether Commons or Parcels of Waste Ground, containing together by Estimation One hundred and thirty Acres or thereabouts, upon which the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor of Norton, and Parish of Dronfield, are in Right thereof entitled to Common of Pasture for all their Commonable Cattle levant and couchanc upon their said respective Tenements: And whereas Samuel Shore the Lord of the younger, Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Norton aforesaid, and as such Manor‘ is Owner of the Soil of the said several Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas Peter Robinson Clerk, is Vicar and Lecturer of Norton aforesaid, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands within the said Manor, and \L*c. iff Per.~\ 9 T to

i

A Com miffiotier appointed.

810 4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

to Right of Common in respect thereof, upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forcy-firtl Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the everal Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the said Commons and Waste Grounds in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable. Improvement, and a Division and Allotment of the fame between and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and interest, and such Allotments inclosed would be a manifest Advantage to the said several Persons, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effected and established without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the said several Commons and Waste Grounds shall be set out, allotted, and divided, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, by John Nuttall of Matlock, in the County of Derby, Gentleman, and that he and his Successor for the Time being, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Commissioner for setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds, and for putting in Execution the several Powers and Authorities herein-after mentioned, subject to the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act, except where the same are hereby varied or altered.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Nuttall, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his stead as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or shall neglect or refus'e or become incapable to act, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him shall be wholly and completely executed, then and in every such Case, the Persons interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or the major Part of them in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment), or their known Agents or Attornies, or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by Writing under their respective Hands, who shall attend at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose at Norton aforesaid, pursuant to Notice to be given by the Solicitor or Clerk to the said inclosure in Writing, and to be affixed on the principal outer Doors of the Parish Churches of Norton and Dronfield aforesaid, and also by Advertisements to be inserted in the Newspapers called The Derby Mercury and The Sheffield Iris, or some other Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the Neighbourhood, at least Ten Days before such Meeting, shall from Time to Time (within One Calendar Month next after the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of the said Commissioner shall happen, or as soon after as Occasion may require), by Writing under their Hands, appoint One other Commissioner not interested in the said intended Inclosure in the place of such Commissioner so dying, neglecting, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every new Commissioner To appointed (having first taken the Oath prescribed by the said recited Act) ffiail have the fame Powers and Authorities as the said John Nuttall is by this Act in-velted with.

Allowance to

III. And be it further enacted, That the said John Nuttall, and every Commissioner. otjjer Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be allowed and paid by

Power to appoint a new C oni-missioner.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 811

by the said Proprietors the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings and no more, for every Day he shall attend and be employed at any Sitting or Attendance, or in going to or returning from thence, or otherwise howsoever in executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given to him, which said Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings shall be inclusive of all Expences whatsoever incurred by going to, returning from, or attending at any such Sitting or Attendance.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner who shall re- Commission-fuse or decline to act as aforesaid, shall and he is hereby required forthwith t'a'ttoglve to give Notice of his Intention to refuse or decline acting as a Commission- Notice.

er, in like Manner as Notices of Sittings and Attendances from the said Commissioner are hereby required to be given.

V. And be it further enacted, That William Fairbank and JoJlah Fair- surveyors bank, both of Sheffield in the County of York, Gentlemen, shall be and they appointed, are hereby appointed Surveyors of the said Commons and Waste Grounds,

and also of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Manor.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said William Fairbank and Josiah Their Al. Fairbank, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed and employed as low‘ince‘ Surveyor or Surveyors by virtue of this Act, shall not charge or be allowed

more than Sixpence per Acre for surveying and planning all the ancient inclosed Lands, and One Shilling per Acre for surveying, planning, and flaking out all the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and making One fair Plan of the said ancient inclosed Lands, and Two fair Plans of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, including all Expences (except the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, which is to be allowed towards their Expences during the Time they shall be employed in making the said Survey, and also except the Value of the Vellum or Parchmentuponwhich the famePlans shall berespectivelydrawn); nor shall the said William Fairbank and Josiah Fairbank, or any other such Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, charge or be allowed more than One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence for every Day that he or they shall attend at any Sitting or Attendance of the said Commissioner, which said Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence per Day shall be inclusive of all Expences whatsoever incurred by oy in attending at any such Sitting or Attendance.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and Notice of he is hereby required to cause Notice of the Time and Place of his First Attendances, and every subsequent Sitting or Attendance for the Execution of this Act to

be inserted in the said Newspapers, called The Derby Mercury and Sheffield Iris, or in some other Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood, Eight Days at lead before every such Sitting or Attendance (Sittings or Attendances by Adjournment only excepted); and all Sittings or Attendances to be holden by the said Commissioner, shall be held within Six Miles of the Manor of Norton aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices other No. necessary or requinteto be made and given by the said Commissioner, shall fj to be so made and given by Advertisements in the said Newspapers called The '

Derby Mercury and Sheffield Iris, or in case the said Newspapers or One of

them shall not then be pubiiffied, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood.

fcia

Old Reads may be ito^-petl up.

Encroachments made within 30 Years jo be deemed Part of the Commons.

Co m million-era to iettle Deputes.

Power to affcis Colls.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered by and with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby (acting in and for the Division in which such Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths shall be situate, and not interested in the Repair of such Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths), to flop up and dirfeft to be discontinued any publick Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths through any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the said Manor, which shall appear to the said Commissioner to be ufelel's or unnecessary; and such Order shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in like Manner, and under the fame Forms and Restrictions, as if the fame had been originally made by such Justices.

X. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioner that any Encroachments have been made upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the Space of Thirty Years next before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, all such Encroachments shall be deemed Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly, and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to enquire and determine what Inclosures and Encroachments have been made upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and whether the same are to be deemed Part thereof or not, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; and all such Inclosures and Encroachments as shall be deemed Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds shall be valued as if in an unimproved State, and without considering the Improvements made thereupon by Building or otherwise, in case the same shall be allotted to the Tespective Persons who may have improved the fame, or to the said Samuel Shore, as Lord of the said Manor; but if such Inclosures or Encroachments shall be allotted to any other Person or Persons, then and in such Case the Person or Persons who shall receive the same, shall pay to the several Persons respectively, who may have inclosed and improved the fame, such Compensation in Money, in such Manner and at such Times as the said Commissioner shall think reasonable, and by Writing under his Hand direct and appoint.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interf iled or claiming to be interested in the said Division and Allotments touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning their respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame; and his Determination therein shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties, lave and except as herein after is mentioned: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioner to determine the Tide to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection of Objections, to be delivered to him in, pursuance of this or the said re-

7 cited

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 813

cited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think Teasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determinaron shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refus; to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or t

Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested or their Right, claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall issue.at be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Rights or Interests therein as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Derby, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioner j and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or issues whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced in case the Parties shall differ about the fame), and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever. Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order $ new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cases; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

[Uc. V Per.} 9 if

If any of the Parties die, Proceedings not to abate.

8i4

Allotment for Stone, Gravel, feV.

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor.

Allotment to Proprietort of the Reli-riue.

Rights of Common may be fold fe pa rate from the Lands to which they are appurtenant i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall set out and allot such Quantity of the said Commons and Walle Grounds, lying within the said Manor of Norton, in the Parish of Dronfield aforesaid, as he shall think necessary for the Purposes of getting Stone, Gravel, and other Materials for making and repairing the Highways and private Roads and Ways which now are or hereafter shall be made within the said Manor of Norton and Parish of Drorjeld aforesaid; and the Herbage growing or renewing in or upon such Parcel or Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Grounds so to be set out as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of that Part of the said Manor of Norton as lies in the Parish of Drorjeld aforesaid for the Time being, in Trull to set and let the fame, and to apply the Rents and Profits thereof to the Repairs of the publick Roads and Ways within the said Manor of Norton, in the Parish of Dronfield aforesaid, and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall and he and they is and are hereby required to account for fufeh Rents and Profits in the same Manner as he or they is, are, or shall be accountable for other Money that shall come to his or their Hand or Hands as such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, and shall be under and subject to the like Penalties for the Neglect thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall assign, set out, and allot unto the said Samuel Shore as Lord of the Manor aforesaid, such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Walle Grounds lying within the said Manor and Parish of Norton, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioner shall contain One full Twentieth Part or Share thereof; and also such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Walle Grounds lying within the said Manor of Norton and Parish of Dronjeld, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioner shall contain the like full Twentieth Part or Share of the said lad mentioned Commons and Walle Grounds, in lieu of and full Recompence and Satisfaction for his Right and Interest in and to the Soil of all the said Commons and Walle Grounds, and his Consent to the Inclosure thereof, exclusive of the Allotments to be made to him in lieu of his Right and Interest in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in respect of the several Medbages, Tofts, and inclosed Lands belonging to him the said Samuel Shore within the said Manor.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required to apportion, divide, set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the said several Commons and Waste Grounds unto and amongd the said Peter Robinson, and the several Persons who at the Time of making such Division and Allotments shall be entitled to Right of Common on the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, in Proportion and according to their respective Rights, Property, and Interest therein.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons intended in the said Commons and Waste Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, to sell and dispose of all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Property which he, she, or they now hath or have, or shall or may hereafter have, in or to any Right of Common, in and upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or in and to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, fe-

parate

8i5

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

parate and apart from such Estate, in Right whereof he, she, or they is, are, or shall be so entitled; and that in case of any such Sale or Sales, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to allot the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall and may immediately after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, have, hold, use, and enjoy such Allotmentor Allotments so to be allotted and laid out in lieu of the Right of Common so by him, her, or them purchased as aforesaid, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the former Proprietor or Vendor thereof could or might have done in case such Sale or Sales had not been made , and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized m*y be

and required upon the Request in Writing of any Person or Persons who one enll'e shall or may have purchased any of the said Rights of Common on the said Allotment on Commons and Waste Grounds, to appoint, set out, and allot, in and by p^bnl pur-his said Award, unto or for such Person or Persons, all and every the said chafing. Rights of Common so purchased as aforesaid in One or more entire Allotment or Allotments.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments to

be set out and allotted to the said Peter Robinson, and his Successors as Vi- be fenced, cars and Lecturers of Norton aforesaid, for or in respect of any Glebe Lands and Hereditaments within the said Manor, shall be inclosed and Ring-fenced, and fenced against any publick Carriage Roads that may be laid through the fame, in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct (except on such Parts and Sides thereof as the said Commissioner shall order and direct to be fenced by any of the Proprietors whose Allotments shall adjoin thereto), by and at the Expence of the other Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Hereditaments within the Manor of Norton aforesaid, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Property in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and such Fences shall for ever after the making thereof be maintained and kept in Repair by the said Peter Robinson and his Successors, Vicars and Lecturers of Norton aforesaid for the Time being.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to keep any Sheep or Lambs, in or upon any of the new Inclosures to be made by virtue of this Act, where Quicksets shall be planted, for the Space of Seven Years from the Execution of the said Award, unless the Persons so depasturing or keeping such Sheep or Lambs, do effectually, at their own Expence, guard and fence their Neighbours Quicksets adjoining to such Inclosures-in which Sheep or Lambs shall be kept as aforesaid, so as to prevent any Damage or Injury from being done to the said Fences or Quicksets thereby; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to graze or keep any Sort of Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, in any Lanes or Roads within the said Manor, on either Side of which any new growing Fences shall be planted, within the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, and any Person or Persons, depasturing such Sheep or Ijmbs as aforesaid, and neglecting or relufing at the same Time to guard their Neighbours Quicksets, or grazing or keeping any Sort of Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, in any of the said Lanes or Roads as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay all such Damages as shall be sustained by any Person or Persons whomsoever by reason or on Account thereof, and such Damages shall be recovered by Application to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, in and for the said County of Derby, in a

summary

No Sheep to be depaf-

tured in the new Inclosures for 7 Years, unless properly fenced.

Nor Cattle to be kept in the Lanes.

816 43° GEORGII III.' Cap. 43.

summary Way, which Matter such Courtis hereby authorized and empowered to hear and finally determine, and to cause the Damages to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Order of the said Court, with reasonable Costs, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof.

For defray-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Colts, Charges, and Expences pence'of the °bta'n,ng and passing this Act, of preparing and executing the Award A^t. of the said Commissioner, olinclosing the Allotmentor Allotmentswhichlhall

by virtue of this Act be made and set out to the said Pet> rRobinfcn, as Vicar and Lecturer of the Parish of Norton aforesaid, and the Allotment or Allotments so to be set out for the Purpose of getting Stone, Gravel, and other Materials as aforesaid, and all other Charges and Expences whatsoever incurred for or by reason of or preparatory to the said intended Division or Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and carrying this Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the Vicar and Lecturer of the said Parish of Norton, and the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Manor of Norton, in the Parish of Dronfield. aforesaid for the Time being, for or in respect of the Allotments to be made to them respectively as aforesaid), which said Coifs, Charges, and Expences together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be settled and adjulledby the said Commissioner, and shall be paid at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall appoint; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, within the Time and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall appoint, then and in such Case the said Commissioner shall cause the same to be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and every Year, during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof), the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expencesin the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Voucheis relating thereto, shall be by him laid before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices (fated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unlel's the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges, and Expences? attending the making any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportion as the said Commissioner shall by his said Award order and diredf.

E*penccj of Exchanges how to be paid.

Comraiffioner to lay his Accounts hefore Two Justices Once in every Year.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 817

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Pro-

prietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when to pay^'or they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioner at any Sittings or °*n E*-Attendances to be holden in pursuance of this Act. penus'

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (trail Muncy ad-advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of obtain- repaid* wth* ing and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every such.nucidt. Person shall be repaid the fame with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the first Monies that shall be raised or received by the said Commissioner by virtue of this Act for defraying such Expences.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, adjudged, or not I,'j* taken, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Settlement, Deed, or affected. Will, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, in, out of,

or upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or which shall be exchanged or divided by virtue of this Act, or any Parcel or Part thereof, but that the several Lands, Grounds, and Estates, to be assigned and allotted or given in Exchange by virtue of this Act, shall immediately after making such Allotments, Exchanges, and Divisions respectively, be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be assigned and allotted or given in Exchange and divided, shall from thenceforth Hand and be seised and possessed thereof respectively to such and the same Uses, and to and for such and the fame Estates, and with and under such and the fame. Powers and Authorities, and subject to the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the said Messuages, Lands, Grounds, and Common Rights, in lieu or in relped whereof such Allotments, Exchanges, and Divisions shall be made, now Hand limited and liable in case this Act had not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Leafeand Leases,

or other Agreements at Rack Rent, subsistipg of all or any Part or Parts ^oc vo'a! of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Manor of Norton aforesaid, for any Term of Number of Years unexpired, shall immediately upon such Allotments being made, or so soon ascer as the said Commissioner shall by his said Award direct, cease, determine, and be void, in respect of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, thp respective Owners and Proprietors of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so in Lease as aforesaid, making such Satisfaction to the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioner shall di-red or appoint on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the lame.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the Awa-dt«be said Commissioner, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said recited d=lwll <-u. Ad, shall be deposited and kept in the Chefl belonging to the Parish Church

of Norton aforesaid, where the other Writings belonging to the Pari fit of Norton aforesaid are usually kept.

9-1

\Loc. Lf Per.]

818

Persons ags grieved may appe il to the Quarter Se flOlli.

Ore and Minerals referred to the Lord, making Satisfaction for the Damage to be done by getting the lane.

General

Saving.

43° GEORGII III. 6^.43.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by airy Thing done or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case he, (he, of they, may appeal to the General Quarter Seldom of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Derby, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner and to the Party or Parties concerned. Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) in their said General Quarter Sefbons, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Cods and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Didrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the lard Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties'concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Cods, to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXI. And whereas the said Samuel Shore is now entitled as Lord of the said Manor of Norton unto all Mines and Beds of Coal, Iron-done, and other Minerals, in or under the said Commons and Waste Grounds intended by this Act to be divided and indofed; be it therefore further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Intered of the said Samuel Shore, his Heirs or Adigns, as Lord of she Manor of Norton aforesaid, in or to any Mines or Beds of Coal, Iron-done, and other Minerals (except Stone) in or under the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof; but that the said Samuel Shore, his Heirs and Adigns, and his and their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, shall and may at all Times hereafter search for, work, dig, raise, and carry away all such Mines, Beds, and Minerals, as fully and effectually as if this Act had not been passed, save only that he and they shall respectively do as little Damage thereby as podible in the Lands to be inclosed, and shall make reasonable Satisfaction and Recompence from Time to Time, upon Demand, to the Person or Persons podeffed thereof, for all Trespass and Damage that shall be done therero or to any Part thereof, by searching for,-working, digging raidng, and carrying away the said Mines, Beds, and Minerals, or any of them.

XXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Succedors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succedors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Ellate, Right, Title, and Intered, (other than such as are meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act), as they and every of them had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed, in case this Act had not been made.

7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

XXXIII. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and when so printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomfever, who shall take judicial Notice thereofin like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Ad.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

819

Declaring the Act publick.

/ -

- .

<$U>S O

-*vs f*

U /'h *Y

o’3 . v

r

..V'" ' I*M ,.V ,!»

<4p

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 44.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosng the Commons and Wajle Grounds within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of?reftwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and IVaJle Grounds within the ‘ Township of Oldham, in the Parish of V reftwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And whereas the said Act recites (amongst other Things) that there were within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Preflwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, certain Commons or Waste Grounds called Green Acres Moor, North Moor, and Hol-lingwood, and other Commons and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole Three hundred Acres (after Seven Yards to the Rod or Perch) commonly called Lancashire Measure, or thereabouts; and that John Lees of Oldham, in the Parish of Preflwich cum Oldham aforesaid, Esquire, was Lord of the Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham cum JVerneth, in the said Parish, and was entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and the Mines and Minerals within and under [Lsc. its Per3 9 T the

t Geo. j<

822

43* GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

the fame, and to the Royalties within the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship; and that the said John Lees and several other Persons were Owners and Proprietors oi several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Township, and-had for and in respect of their several EstateS, Rights of Common of Failure, and Turbary, and orher Rights upon and in the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and the said Act recites an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Incofure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fadls usually required on the passing of such Acts And whereas it is by the said first mentioned Act enacted, that William Chippindale of Oldham aforesaid. Gentleman, Ralph Fletcher of Bolton-le-Moors, in the said County, tfquire, and John Clegg of Manchester, in the said County, Timber Merchant, should be Commissioners for setting out, dividing, and allotting all the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and for putting the said Act into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions therein contained, and also subject to the Powers and Provisoes of the said therein recited Act, except where the fame were thereby varied or altered; and it is by the same Act of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign amongst other Things further enacted, that the said John Lees, and all and every other the Lord and Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, and his and their Lessee and Lessees, should for ever thereafter have, take, hold, and enjoy all Mines of Coal and Cannel, and other Mines, Minerals, and Metals, within, upon, and under all and every or any Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, notwithstanding the said Division and Inclosure, in such and the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as he and they might have done if the said Act had not beer; made, (other than and except the Stone, Slate, and Flags) subject nevertheless as therein-after is mentioned; and that it should and might be lawful to nd for the said John Lees, and all and every the Lord and Lords of the said Vlanor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship for the Time being, and his and their and every of their Lessees, Agents, Servants, and Work; len, from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter, at his and their and every of their free Will and Pleasure, by all necessary or convenient Ways and Means, to search for, discover, get, raise, lead, drain, convey, and carry away such Mines, Minerals, and Metals (except as aforesaid), and for that Purpose to fink, bore, dig, sough, and trench, in, upon, under, or through the said Commons and Waste Grounds so intended to be inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof, and to make, erect, use, continue, and repair any Gins, Engines, Coes, Huts, Pits, Shafts, Drifts, Gutters, Watercourses, Roads, Ways, Railways, Soughs, Levels, Sluices, or other Machines, Devices, Erections, Matters or Things therein or thereupon, and to convey Water in, to, from, or through the fame, and to lay Earth, Stone, Timber, Lime, Rubbish, and all other Materials and Things to be produced from, or used in or about the fame, upon such Part or Parts of the said Lands as should be most convenient; and also from Time to Time and at all Times for ever thereafter, to use, repair, and keep open all such Soughs, Drains, Levels Pits, Shafts, Drifts, Gutters, Roadways, and Sluices so to be made, not qnly for the Purposes aforesaid, but also for the searching for, discovering, getting, raising, landing, draining, conveying, bringing to, and carrying away any other the like Coal and Cannel and other Mines, Minerals, and Metals, which the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship for the Time being, his or their

Leffec

43° GEORG 11- III. Cap. 44.

Lessee or Lessees then had, or should or might at any Time or Times thereafter be entitled unto or have a Right to convey to the fame, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as they or any of them might or could have done if the said Act had not been made, doing as little Damage as possible to the Owners and Occupiers of the Soil; and in the same Act is contained a Proviso that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to extend to enable the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, his or their Lefiee or Lessees, or any of them, to enter into any House or Building, or break the Surface of the Soil within any Yard or Garden which might be erected or made upon any Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas it is fit that the said John Lees, and all and every the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, and fiisand their Lefiee and Lessees, should make Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned by the working of the said Mines, Minerals, and Metals, and the Exercise of the said several other Powers, Privileges, or Authorities given to or vested in the said John Lees, and the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship of Oldhatn aforesaid for the Time being, and his and their Lefiee or Lessees, in and by the said Act; but no sufficient Provision to that Effect has been made in the said Act: And whereas the said John Lees is willing and desirous that such Provisions should be made for the Benefit of the several Persons who shall have or be entitled to Allotments respectively under or by virtue of the said Act, and all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them respectively under the said Act, who shall sustain any Loss or Damage or Spoil in their Allotments respectively, by the working of the said Mines, Minerals, and Metals, or the Exercise of all or any of the said several other Powers, Privileges, or Authorities; but it is apprehended that no sufficient Security can be given to such Persons against such Loss, Damage, or Spoil as they may respectively sustain by the working of the said Mines, Minerals, and Metals, or the Exercise of all or any of the said several other Powers, Privileges, or Authorities as aforesaid without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said John Lees, and all and every the Lord and Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, and his and their Lefiee and Lessees, shall make Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned by the working of the said Mines, Minerals, and Metals, and the Exercise of the said several other Powers, Privileges, or Authorities given to or vested in the said John Lees, and the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, and his and their Lefiee and Lessees, to the Person or Persons respectively who shall have or be entitled to Allotments under or by virtue of the said Act, and all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them respectively or under the said Act, who shall sustain any Loss, Damage, or Spoil in their Allotments respectively, by the working of the said Mines, Minerals, and Metals, or the Exercise of all or any of the said several other Powers, Privileges, or Authorities; and that the said Powers, Privileges, and Authorities so {*iven to or vested in the said John Lees, and the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, and

823

The Lord of the Manor willing that Provilfon (houhl be made for Satisfaction for Damage done in getting Coals.

The T ord of

t*>e M.^n »r to make Sa-t sfaction for Damage done in get* ting Co d,

Ui der the Allotment!.

824 43° GEORGII III. 44.

his and their Lessee and Lessees as aforesaid, in and by the said Act, shall be exercised by him or them or by any of them upon this express Condition only; and that he the said John Lees, and all and every the Lord and Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, and his and their Lessee and Lessees, shall and do make sufficient Satisfaction and Compensation to the Person or Persons respectively who shall have or be entitled to Allotments under or by virtue of the said Act; and all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them respectively, or under the said Act, who shall sustain any Loss, Damage, or Spoil in their Allotments respectively, by working of the said Mines, Minerals, and Metals, or the Exercise of all or any of the said several other Powers, Privileges, or Authorities, such Satisfaction and Compensation to be recovered as herein-after is mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Dispute and Disputes which shall from Time to Time arise between the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, and the Person or Persons entitled or claiming to be entitled to such Satisfaction and Compensation as aforesaid, touching or concerning such Loss, Damage, or Spoil as aforesaid, shall be heard and determined in a summary Way, either before the Justices of Assize for the County Palatine of Lancq/ler, at their Assizes to be holden in and for the said County, or the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the same County, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the same County, at the Election of the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, or his or their Lessee or Lessees; such Election to be tef-tifiedas herein-after mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case such Satisfaction and Compensation shall not be agreed upon by and between the Parties respectively entitled thereto, and the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, his or their Lessee or Lessees, within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after Demand thereof shall have been made, by the Party or Parties respectively entitled thereto; or in case the Amount thereof, or of any Part thereof, shall not be paid before or at the Expiration of the Time or Times agreed upon between them for the Payment of the fame, or in case no Time or Times shall be agreed upon for such Payment, then within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the making of such Agreement, that then and in every such Case the Person or Persons entitled or claiming to be entitled to such Compensation or Satisfaction as aforesaid, shall by his or their Attorney or Agent within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after such Demand as aforesaid, in case such Agreement shall not have been made; but in case such Agreement shall have been made, then within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after Default of Payment thereof, at the Time or Times agreed upon as aforesaid, or next after the Time above mentioned for the Payment thereof, in case no Time or Times shall have been agreed upon for such Payment as aforesaid, give Notice in Writing to the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, or leave the fame at his or their usual Place or

Place*

Notice of Cause of Complaint to be given to the Loid of th* Manor.

Wanner of

determining Differences Tel petting Satisfacti »n for Damages.

43° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 44. S25

Places of Abode; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Complaint of such Perst.m or Persons, his or their Name and Place of Abode, and the Name and Place of Abode of such Atti rney or Agent, and in which also shall be declared his or their Intention of applying for Relief, according to the Directions in this Act contained; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lord ship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaidfor the Time being, or his or their Lessee or Lessees,within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, totender such Satisfaction and Conrpensation as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons so complaining as aforesaid; and also within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, in case such Tender shall not be accepted, to give Notice in Writing to the Person or Persons making such Complaint as aforesaid, or to leave the fame at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode, declaring his or their Election to have such Complaint brought before the Justices of Assize for the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and in case no such Notice of Election as aforesaid shall be given or left by the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship, cr reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, then and in every such Case such Complaint shall be brought before and preferred to the said Justices of the Peace only, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and not elsewhere.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such Satis- Manner of faction and Compensation shall not be agreed upon by and between the sTt^f'rtion Parties respectively entitled thereto, and the said John Lees, or the Lord for D.-muge*. or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, or in case the Amount thereof shall not be paid as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so entitled or claiming to be entitled to such Cmnpensation or Satisfaction as aforesaid, from and after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after Notice of his or their Complaint shall have been given or left as aforesaid, and within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, to prefer his or their Complaint or Complaints to the Justices of Assize for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, at their Assizes to be holden in and for the said County, in case the said John l.ees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, his or their Lessee or Lessees, shall have then determined his or their Election, by having given or left such Notice as aforesaid to have such Complaint or Complaints brought before the said Justices of Assize; but if no such Notice shall have been given by the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, his or their Lessee or Lessees, then to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County; and the said Justices of Assize, or Justices of the Peace, as the Case may happen, upon Proof of such Notice of the Complaint preferred to them having been given as aforesaid, shall hear and determine such Complaint in a summary Way by a Jury as herein-after mentioned; and if any Tender or Satisfaction or Compensat'ton shall be alledged on the fart of the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, his [Lee. id Per.] 9 Z cr

826 43° GEORGII lit. Cap. 44.

or their Lessee or Lessees, and denied on the Part of the Person or Persons preferring such Complaint or Complaints as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Amount of such Tender shall be brought into Court; and for the hearing and determining the said Complaint and Complaints, and the Matters in Difpure between the Parties thereupon, the Justices of Assize or Justices of the Peace, as the Case may happen, shall and may charge Twelve of the Persons summoned as Jurors for the Trial of any Issue or Traverse, and in Default thereof, or of any of them, then so many of them as shall then appear, together with such of the Bystanders as shall make up that Number, so to be thereupon immediately returned by the Sheriff or other proper Officer to try the fame Complaint, and the Matters in Dispute between the fame Parties, and to inquire of and assess the Amount of the Damages sustained by the Party complaining, and the Party in whose Favour Judgement shall be thereupon given, shall recover his or their full Costs of Suit; and in case Judgement shall be in favour of the Party complaining, he or they shall also recover the Damages so assessed as aforesaid.

tvhat shall V. And be it further enacted, That if such Tender shall be alledged be djne if and denied as aforesaid, and a sufficient Tender in that Behalf shall be found Xmends°hath to have been made, then Judgement shall be given for the said John Lees, been made. or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, his or their Lessee or Lessees, with his or their full Costs, to be paid by or out of the Money so to be paid or brought into Court as aforesaid, if the same shall be sufficient tc satisfy such Costs, and the Overplus of such Money (if any) to be paid to the Party so complaining; but if the Money paid into Court shall be insufficient to satisfy the Whole of such Costs, then the Whole of such Money shall be paid towards Satisfaction of such Costs, so far as the fame Money shall extend, and the Deficiency shall be paid by the Party so preferring such Complaint as aforesaid; but in case no sufficient Tender shall be found, then Judgement shall be given for the Complainant or Complainants for the Damages assessed by the Jury, or the Difference beyond the Sum brought into Court.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall have given Notice of his or their Intention to prefer any Complaint, and shall not have proceeded to prefer and prosecute such Complaint according to such Notice, in consequence whereof the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, or his or their Lessee or Lessees shall have necessarily or reasonably been put to, or incurred any Costs for or concerning their Defence against such Complaint, then and in every such Case all such necessary and reasonable Costs on Proof thereof made by Affidavit, to be sworn before a Magistrate for the County Palatine of Lancaster, or a Commissioner in the same County Palatine, which Oath such Magistrate or Connnissioner is hereby authorized to administer, shall be awarded to him or them so incurring the same as aforesaid, by the said Justices of Assize, or by the said Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, as the Case may happen.

colts to bt

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs which shall be adjudged or awarded as aforesaid, shall be taxed and ascertained by the proper Officers of the respective Courts wherein the same shall be adjudged or awarded; and the said Justices of the Assize, or the said Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, as the Case may happen, shall and may from Time to Time by their Order or Warrant, levy and recover or cause

to

What shall be done in case Complaints are not proceeded in.

43° GEORGII in Cap.±4. ^7

to be levied and recovered all Colts and Damages which shall be so adjudged or awarded as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties who shall be adjudged to pay the fame, in whatever County or Place such Goods and Chattels can be found, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all Judgements, Orders, and Determin tions so to be given and made as aforesaid by the said Justices of Assize, or Justices of the Peace, as the Case may happen, shall in all Cases be fiual and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of either of the said Parties before such Satisfaction or Compensation has been made as aforesaid, the Proceedings aforesaid shall not abate* but shall and may be proceeded in or had by and against the Executors and Administrators of the Party so dying, except that such Executors and Administrators shall not be liable to the Payment of Damages or Colts to the other Party, otherwise than in a due Course of Administration, unless the said Justices of Assize, or the said Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions shall for special Cause think fit otherwise to adjudge, order, or direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That Writs of Subpoena shall and may For summon-be issued out of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancajicr, in and for the J-"® v' u"er' County Palatine of Lancaster, at the Inltance of the laiu Parties, for the Attendance of Witnesses, at the Hearing of the said Complaints at the Af-

sizes, in like Manner as in Suits and causes depending in that Court; and all Persons disobeying the same shall be subjrfl to the like Punishments, Penalties, and Damages for such Disobedience to any Subpoena issued out of that Court, in any Suit or Cause there depending; and the said Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions Hull have like Power to issue Subpoenas for the Attendance of Witnesses at the Hearing of the said Complaints before them, and all Persons disobeying such last mentioned Subpoena shall be subject to the like Punishments, Penalties, and Damages aS aforesaid, for such Disobedience.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Complaint shall be heard by or before any such Justices of Assize or Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, unless Notice of such Hearing at such Assizes or Quarter Sessions shall have been given by or on Behalf of the Complainant or Complainants Fourteen Days at lealt before the Commencement of such Assizes or Sessions,

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of Assize at the Hrruin£. said Assizes, and the said Justices of the Peace at their said Quarter Sef-(Ions, shall have Power to adjourn the Hearing of the said Complaint, or 1 ’u ’ any Proceedings thereon, to the next Assizes or Quarter Sessions respectively; and the Justices of Assize for the said County Palatine of Lar,ca;ler for the Time being, and the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions held in and for the said County Palatine, at their respective Assizes or Quarter Sessions to which such Complaint or Proceedings shall have been adjourned, shall have Power in like Manner, and so tpties quoties to adjourn the fame or any Part thereof again to the next Assizes or Quarter Sessions as they shall think just and expedient.

Notice so be piv<n of Time for hearing Complaints,

Proceeding* not to be flopped by f^eath of Parties.

828

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

Empowering Justices to act in the Execution of this Act*

Act not to hinder Persons ftoin pursuing their Remedy at Common Law.

All Persons claiming under the Lord of the Manor to be deemed Ltrfltes Icr the s ot tins Act.

Declaring tire the Act publick*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding to be had or Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done under or by virtue of the Powers herein contained shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form only.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every or any of the said Powers and Authorities herein-before veiled, or intended to be vested in the Events aforesaid, in the said Justices of Assize for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, shall and may be lawfully exercised by any One or more of the fame Justices, as effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if all the fame Justices concurred therein.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to preclude or prevent any Person or Persons from pursuing his or their ordinary Remedy at common Law against the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, or his or their Lessee or Lessees, for any unnecessary or wilful Damage or Spoil of Ground which shall arise or be occasioned to him or them by or in consequence of the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, his or their Lessee or Lessees, exceeding or not conformingto the several Powers, Privileges, and Authorities so given to or vested in him and them as aforesaid; but such Person or Persons lo aggrieved may nevertheless, if he or they shall so think proper, proceed against the said John Lees, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, his or their Lessee or Lessees, for such last mentioned Damage or Spoil of Ground, according to the Directions of this Act; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That for all and every the Purposes of this Act, and of the said herein before jn Part recited Act, all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in, to, or out of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid, or to or in the said Mines, Minerals, and Metals, or any of them, or any Part of them, or of any of them, shall be deemed and taken to be Lessee and Lessees of the said John Lees, or of the Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Oldham aforesaid for the Time being, and be liable as such Lessee and Leti'ees to all and every the Provisions in this and the said herein-before in Part recited Act respectively contained and referred to.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the said herein-before recited Act, shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and when so printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 45.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Eyam in the County of Derby.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor of Eyam in the County of Derby, certain Commons or Parcels of Wade Ground, containing together by Estimation Three Thousand Acres, or thereabouts, upon which the Owners or Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, are in Right thereof entitled to Common of Failure for all their Commonable Cattle levant and couchant upon their said respective Tenements: And whereas the

Right Honourable George Henry Cavendish, commonly called Lord George Henry Cavendijl}, is Lord of the Manor of Eyam aforesaid, and as such is entitled to the Soil and Stone of the said Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas the Reverend Charier Hargrave is Rector of the Parish of Eyam., and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands within the said Manor, and to Right of Common in respect thereof upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said Commons and Waite

Grounds in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and a Division and Inclosure of the fame between and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, would be a manifest Advantage to the said several Persons, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their Estates: But such Division and Inclosure cannot be effected & Per.] 10 B and

«34

Appointment

of Commissione-s, and Umpire.

Gereral A£V of 41 Geo. 3. to be put in Execution, where not repugnant to this Act*

Appointment of i.ew Cum-missiont.ro and Umpire.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

and established without the Aid of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Dowland of Cuckney in the County of Nottingham, and John Nultall of Matlock in the County of Derby, Gentlemen, and their Successors to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Goinmissioners lor dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution; and that William Gaunt-ley the Elder, of Bakewell in the said County of Derby, Gentleman, and his Successors for the time being, to he appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed to act as an Umpire touching any Difference of Opinion which shall arise between the said Two Commissioners in the Execution of this Act; and that all such Difference of Opinion (if any shall arise) shall be dated in Writing, and referred by the said Commissioners to the said William Gauntlcy, within Twenty-one i ays next after any such Difference shall havq arisen, who dr. 11 determine the fame, and deliver to the said Commissioners, or One of them, such his Determination in Writing, the Name of the said Umpire being thereto signed, within Three Calendar Months from the Time any such Difference shall be referred to him; and the Judgment and Determination of the said William Gauntley therein, in all Cases so referred to him, shall be deemed and taken to be the Judgment and Determination of the said Commissioners, and they the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to conform thereto; and such Determination shall be inrolled and recorded with, and in the same Manner as the other Proceedings of the said Commissioners under this Act are hereby directed to be inrclled and recorded.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, and Directions contained in an Act of Parliament made and paised in the Forty-First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in one Act, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fades usually required on the puffing of such Acts, shall be applied, and deemed and taken as Part of this Act; except only so far as they or any of them are otherwise hereby provided and enacted.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the said James Dowland, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his (lead, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, or become incapacitated to act, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Lord George Henry Cavendish, his Heirs or Assigns, within Twenty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be made known to him or them, by Notice in Writing from the surviving or remaining Commissioner (and which Notice such Commissioner is hereby required to give), to appoint a new Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Head of the said James Dowland, or such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapacitated to act; and in case no such Appointment of a Commissioner shall be made by the said Lord George Henry Cavendish, his Heirs or Assigns as aforesaid, the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall and may, and he is hereby required, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint One other Commissioner

835

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

for the Purposes of this Act, in the room and stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapacitated to act; and if the said John Nut tall, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his stead, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, or become incapacitated to act, then and in every such Case a new Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) shall be appointed in the stead of the said John Nuttall, or such last-mentioned Commissioner, so dying, refusing, or becoming incapacitated to act, by a Majority in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment) of the Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and in the Ancient Inclosed Lands within the said Manor, or their known Agents or Attornies, or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by Writing under their respective Hands,

(except and exclusive of the said Lord George Henry Cavendish, his Heirs or Assigns), who shall be present at a Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose within Twenty Days next after such last-mentioned Death, Refusal, or Incapacity, by the surviving or remaining Commissioner, on Ten Days Notice in Writing to be given by him and affixed on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Eyam aforesaid, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in The Derby Mercury, or some other Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood; and if the said William Gauntley, or any Umpire to be appointed in his stead, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, or become incapacitated to act, then and in every such Case a new Umpire (not interested in the said Inclosure) shall be appointed in the stead of the said William Gauntley, or such Umpire so dying, refusing, or becoming incapacitated to act, by the said Commissioners and their respective Successors to be appointed as aforesaid, within Twenty Days next alter such Death, Refiifal, or Incapacity; and every Appointment of a Commissioner or Umpire in pursuance of this Act shall be reduced into Writing and signed by the Person or Persons making the lame; and every new Commissioner or Umpire to be appointed as aforesaid shall have the like Powers and Authorities as if he had beat named a Commissioner or Umpire in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person dull Umpire to be capable of acting as Umpire in the Execution of this Act, until he lh:t!I takeanOatW have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation directed to be taken by Commissioners for Inclosures in and by the before-recited Act, which Oath

or Affirmation either of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered and required to administer; and the said Oath or Affirmation so to be taken and subscribed by such Umpire, and also the Appointment of every iu w Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners Allowance to and Umpire shall be allowed and paid by the said Proprietors, the Sum Commission-of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and no more, for every Day each of crsand Ula* the said Commissioners and Umpire shall attend and be employed at any 1>uc' Meeting or Meetings, or in going to or returning from thence, or other-

wife howsoever in executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them; which said Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings- shall be in-. elusive

836

Allowance po Surveyor.

Notice of Meetings.

Other Notices how to be given.

Encroachments made within 30 Years, to be deemed Part of the Commons.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

elusive of all Expences whatsoever incurred by going to, returning from, or attending at any such Meeting or Meetings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed and employed by the said Commissioners shall not charge or be allowed more than Sixpence per Acre for surveying and planning all the Ancient Inclosed Lands, and One Shilling per Acre for surveying, planning, and flaking out all the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed, and making One Plan of the said Ancient Inclosed Lands, and Two fair Plans of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, including all Expences (except the Value of the Vellum or Parchment upon which the fame Plans shall be respectively drawn); nor shall such Surveyor or Surveyors charge or be allowed more than One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence for every Day which he or they shall attend at any Meeting of the said Commissioners, which said Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence per Day shall be inclusive of all Expences whatsoever by attending at any such Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of their First and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inserted in The Derby Mercury, or in feme other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Derby, Eight Days at lead before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said Commissioners, only One of the said Commissioners shall attend, the Commissioner so attending may adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place as he shall deem most convenient; and all Meetings to be holden by the said Commissioners and Umpire shall be held within Six Miles of the Manor of Eyam aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners shall be so made and given by Advertisement in the said Derby Mercury, or in case that Newspaper shall not then be published, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Derby.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that any Encroachments have been made upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the Space of Thirty Years next before the First Day of ’January One thousand eight hundred and three, all such Encroachments shall be deemed Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to enquire and determine what Inclosures and Encroachments have been made upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and whether the same are to be deemed Part thereof or not, pursuant to the Directions of this Act; and all such Inclosures and Encroachments as shall be deemed Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, shall be valued as if in an unimproved State, and without considering the Improvements made thereupon by building or otherwise, in case the same shall be allotted to the respective Persons who may have

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

improved the fame, or to the said Lord George Henry Cavendish, as Lord of the said Manor; but if such Inclosures or Encroachments shall be allotted to any other Person or Persons, then and in such Case the Person or Persons who 11:all receive the same, shall pay to the fevera[ Persons respectively who may have inclosed and improved the fame, such Compensation in Money, in such Manner and at such Times as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and by Writing under their Hands direct and appoint.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Division and Allotments, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touch: ing or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Diviiioit and Allotments, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to examine into, hear, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties, save and except as hereinafter is mentioned: Provided always, That nothipg in this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and awrard such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination shall be made by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, diall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the lame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so didrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Didrels and Sale.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, intereded or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Rights or Interests therein as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined [jLee. if Per.J jo C by

Commissioner» to settle Disputes.

Power to afefs Costs.

Allowing Parties to try their Rights by an Iiiue at Law.

M 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Derby; and for that Purpose, the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the VerdiS or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever. Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners or Umpire shall, and they or he are and is hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

If any of the

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties, in any Ac-

Partie3 die, tion to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the same.

Proceedings fucjj Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as aot to abate. ,f no such Evem had happene'd>

Allotment

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall set

for Stone, out and allot, in such different Places of the said Manor, such Quantity

Gravel, &c. of the fa;,j Commons and Waste Grounds as they shall think necessary for the Use and Benefit of all Persons entitled to any Allotment by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes of getting Stone, Gravel, and other Materials for building, rebuilding, or repairing of Houses, Bridges, Walls, Fences, Drains, and other Works, within the Manor and Parish of Eyam aforesaid, and for making and repairing the Highways, and private Roads and Ways, which now are or hereafter shall be within the same Manor and Parish; and the Herbage growing or renewing in or upon such Parcel or Parcels of the said Commons and Waite’ Grounds so to be set out as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish of Eyam for the Time being, in Trust to set and

let the fame, and to apply the Rents and Profits thereof to the Repairs of the public Roads and Ways within the said Manor and Parish; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall, and they are hereby required to account for such Rents and Profits in the same Manner as he or they is, are, or shall be accountable for other Money that shall come to his or their Hand or Hands, as such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, and shall be under and subject to the like Penalties for the Neglect thereof.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 839

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also assign, set out, and allot unto the said Lord George Henry Cavendish, and his Heirs, as Lord of the Manor aforesaid, such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners contain One full Eighteenth Part or Share thereof, in lieu of and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for his Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and his Consent to the Inclosure thereof, exclusive of the Allotments next hereinafter directed to be made and set out to him in lieu of his Quarries of Flags and Slate, and also exclusive of the Allotments to be made to him in lieu of his Right and Interest; in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in respect of the Messuages, Tofts, and inclosed Lands belonging to him the said Lord George Henry Cavendish, within the said Manor.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also assign, set out, and allot unto the said Lord George Henry Cavendish, and his Heirs, such other Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent for the Value of the Beds and Quarries of Flags or paving Stone and Slate, within the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, in lieu of and full Recompence and Satisfaction for the said Beds and Quarries of Flags or paving Stone and Slate.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, Allotment of* and they are hereby authorized and required to apportion, divide, set pc(‘d"eto out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons and Waste r F Grounds unto and amongst the said Charles Hargrave and the several Persons who, at the Time of making such Divisions and Allotments, shall be entitled to Right of Common on the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in proportion and according to their respective Rights, Property, and Interest therein.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Per- Ri ghts of son or Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds to be Common inclosed by virtue of this Act, at any Time before the Execution of the lna>' be f°1(l Award of the said Commissioners, to sell and dispose of all such Estate, the Land1" Right, Title, Interest, and Property which he, she, or they now hath or to which have, or shall or may hereafter have, in or to any Right of Common in they arc aP-and upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or in and to any Allot- Purtenant: ment or Allotments to be made in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, fe-

parate and apart from such Estate in right whereof he, she, or they is, are, or shall be so entitled; and that in case of any such Sale or Sales, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to allot the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall and may immediately after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, have, hold, use, and enjoy such Allotment or Allotments so to be allotted and laid out in lieu of the Right of Common so by him, her, or them purchased as aforesaid, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes v/hatsoever as the former Proprietor or Vendor thereof could or might have done, in case such Sale or and may be Sales had not been made; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are set out m hereby authorized and required, upon the Request in Writing of any Person Allotment* or Persons who shall or may have purchased any of the said Rights of on ReqUeft of Common on the said Commons and Waste Grounds, to appoint, set out, Persons pur-

and chafing.

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil.

Allotment for Flags or paving Stone and Slate.

840

Rector’s Al-

lotments to be fenced.

For defraying the Expences of the Act.

Commissioners to lay their Accounts before Two Justices Once i.i every Year.

43° GEORGII HE Cdp.14.-5.

and allot, In and by their fard Award, unto or for such Person or Persons-, all and every the said Rights of Common so pmcliafed as aforesaid, in One or more entire Allotment or Allotments.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted to the said Charles Hargrave and his Successors, Rectors of the Parish of Eyam aforesaid, for or in respect of any Glebe Lands or Hereditaments within the said Manor, shall be inclosed and ring-fenced, and fenced against any public Carrriage Roads that may be laid through the fame, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct (except on such Parts and Sides thereof as- the said Commissioners shall order and direct to be fenced by any of the Proprietors whose Allotments shall adjoin thereto), by and at the Expence of the other Own.ers and Proprietors of the Lands and Hereditaments within the Manor of Eyam aforesaid, in proportion to their respective Rights and Properties in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed; and such Fences shall for ever after the making thereof be maintained and kept in Repair by the said Charles Hargrave and his Successors, Rectort of Eyam aforesaid for the Time being.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, the Cods, Charges, and Expenses of obtaining and pafhng this Act, of preparing and executing the Award of the said Commissioners, of inclosing the Allotment or Allotments which shall by virtue of this Act be made and set out to the Rector of Eyam aforesaid in right of his Glebe, and the Allotment or Allotments so to be set out for the Purpose of getting Stone, Gravel, and cither Materials as aforesaid, and all other Charges and Expences whatsoever incurred for or by reason of or preparatory to the said intended Division or Inclosure of the said Commons and Walle Grounds, and carrying this Act into Execution, shall be' borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the Rector of the said Parish of Eyam, and the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish for the Time being, for and in respect of the Allotments' hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid) j which said Colts, Charges, , and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the feveraLPersons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be settled and adjusted by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof), the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any Two or more of His Majesty's justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance flrdll be by such Justices Hated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, ujilcfs the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the making any Exchanges and Divisions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Divisions, in such Manner and in such Proportion as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct.

XXIII. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be Holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of obtaining and parting this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid the fame, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the First Monies that shall be raised or received by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, for defraying such Expences.

XXV. And for the better enabling the said Commissioners to accommodate such of the said intended Allotments with Water, where the same shall in their Judgment be wanting; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered to direS, order, and award all or any of the Springs of Water in the said Commons or Waste Grounds (save and except the Springs of Water hereinafter particularly mentioned) to be carried and conveyed in such Courses and through such Allotments, as they shall in their Discretion think proper; provided that such Springs of Water so to be conveyed, be not diverted or turned without the Consent in Writing of any Person or Persons now entitled to the Benefit thereof, or without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons into whose Lands or Grounds such Springs of Water shall be conveyed, diverted, or turned.

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to authorize and empower the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to divert, alter, change, or in any Sort or Manner to meddle with or injure any of the Springs or Watercourses, or the Water therein contained, which run into the Four several Stone Troughs at or near the Town of Eyam aforesaid, and supply with Water the Inhabitants of the said Town (save and except James Farewell Wright, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, and the future Owners and Occupiers of the Mansion House in Eyam aforesaid, in which the said James Farewell Wright now refid es, in respect of the Spring or Watercourse which now supplies with Water the said House and Premises thereto belonging, the Wade Water of which runs into and supplies One of the said Troughs); or the Spring or Watercourse, or the Water therein contained, which runs to the Stone Trough at or near Grindleford Bridge, and supplies with Water the Inhabitants living near the said Bridge; or the Spring or Watercourse, or the Water therein contained, which runs to and supplies with Water the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments situate ar Leam, within the said Manor, belonging to Marmaduke Middleton Middleton, Esquire.

[Loc.V Per.]

841

Expence of Exchanges, &c. howto be paid.

Proprietors and Agents to pay their own Ex-

pcuces.

Money advanced to be repaid with Interest.

For altering Water-courses:

But not to injure certain Springs.

10 D

842

Wills and Settlements not to be affected.

Leases at Rack Rent to be void.

A Ward to be dt posited.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to tlit Quarter »Se (lions.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or to be construed, deemed, adjudged, or taken to revoke, make void, alter, or annul, any Settlement, Deed, or Will, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, in, or out of, or upon, or aflefting any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or which shall be exchanged or divided by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parcel thereof; but that the several Lands, Grounds, and Estates to be assigned and allotted, or given in Exchange by virtue of this Act, shall immediately after making such Allotments, Exchanges, and Divisions respectively, be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be assigned and allotted, or given in Exchange and divided, shall from thenceforth Hand, and be seised, and possessed thereof respectively, to such and the same Uses, and to and for such and the fame Estates, and with and under such and the fame Powers and Authorities, and subject to the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the said Messuages, Lands, Grounds, and Common Rights, in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotments, Exchanges, and Divisions shall be made, now Hand limited and liable in case this Act had not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases, or other Agreements at Rack Rent subsisting of all or any Part or Parts of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Manor of Eyam aforesaid, for any Term or Number of Years unexpired, shall, immediately upon such Allotments being made, or so soon after as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award direct, cease, determine, and be void, in respect of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, the respective Owners and Proprietors of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so in Lease as aforesaid, making such Satisfaction to the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, on account thereof or as an Equivalent for the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, when enrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deposited and kept in the Chest belonging to the Parish Church of Eyam aforesaid, where the other Writings belonging to the Parish of Eyam aforesaid are ul'ually kept, in order that all Persons interested in the said Inclosure may have Recourse thereto at all seasonable Times.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself,herself,or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Derby within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, or either of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Anpeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal,

43 GEORGII IIDr^.45.

and to make such Order, and award such Coils and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order- or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by’Distiefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, lendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels (after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale); and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned* and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, - into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Coifs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem. reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted,1 That nothing in this Rights of Act contained shall bar, prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, and re-

Interest which any of his Majesty's Subjects now have and enjoy, or shall or 1 may hereafter claim to have and enjoy, of digging, searching for, working, and carrying on Mines of Lead Ore, and faking and enjoying-such Lead Ore, in, upon, and out of the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid; but that all and every His said. Majesty's Subjects shall from henceforth for ever hereafter have and enjoy such Right of mining for Lead Ore, and use and exercise such Liberties and Privileges in respect thereof, in and throughout all and every Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, in as ample and extensive a Manner as they have hitherto of right enjoyed and exercised the fame, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Saving Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Inte- Rights to rest of the said Lord George Henry Cavendish, or the Lord or Lords of j|j*

the said Manor of Eyam for the Time being, of, in, or to the Seignories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Manor, but that such Lord or Lords for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Peiquilites, and Profits oPCourts, Beds and Quarries of Limestone, in that Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds called The Dale {except such Part of the said Limestone as shall be set out for the Repair of the Roads within the said Manor), Waifs, Estrays, and all other Royalties, Jurisdictions, Pre-eminences, and Privileges whatsoever to the said Manor incident, appendant, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and the Beds and Quarries of Flags or paving Stone and Slate, for which Compenfauon is herein-before directed to be made), in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame might or could have been held and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XXXIII. Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or ti‘,ving-Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors,

844 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

fors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under him or them, or in Remainder after them) all such Right, Title, and Interest as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or would or ought to have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

[Public Act.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, that this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and, when so printed, may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take Judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

A A to be printed by the King’s Printer.

r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 46.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Op en and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oakley, in the County of Bedford.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Oakley, in the County of Bedford, divers Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing together One thousand four hundred and fifty Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the Most Noble John Duke of Bedford is Lord of the Manor of Oakley Reynes, within the said Parish, and as such, is or claims to be entitled to the Right of Soil of and in the said Commons and Waste Lands; And whereas the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of the College Royal of the BlelTed Mary of Eton, near unto Windsor, in the County of Bucks, are Impropriators of the Impropriate Rectory and Parsonage of Oakley, and as such are entitled to the Rectorial Tythes arising, renewing, or increasing from the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, and are also entitled to certain Parts of the said Common and Lammas Meadows, and are or claim to be entitled to certain Rights of Common, and other Commonable Rights, in, over, and upon the said Open and [_Loc. & Per.] 10 E Common

846

Appointment ot' Comm.I-sioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Walle Lands, and the Laid J bn Duke of Bedford is Lessee of the fame respectively: And whereas the f.iid Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, are ulfo Patrons of the Vicarage of the said Parish of Oakley, and the Reverend Charles Abbot Doctor in Divinity, is the present Vicar of the said Vicarage, and in Right of fitch Vicarage is entitled to all the Vicarial Tythes arising, renewing^ or increasing within the said Parish: And whereas the said John Duke of Bedford, John Earl of Ashburnham, and the Mailer and Fellows of Queen's College in the University of Cambridge, and divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of or otherwise interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, and are or claim to be also entitled to certain Rights of Common, and other Commonable Rights and Interests in, over, and upon the fame: And whereas the Owners and Proprietors of certain ancient Cottages in the said Parish of Oakley are or claim to be entitled to certain Rights of Common, in, over, and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fortyr first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One A3 certain Provisions vfually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fa3s usually required on the faffing of such Acts: And whereas the Property of the said several Owners and Proprietors of and in the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, are intermixed and dispersed infmall Pieces, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be highly beneficial to such Owners and Proprietors, and to the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common, and other Commonable Rights as aforesaid, if the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Walle Lands, were divided and allotted unto and amongst the said several Owners and Proprietors, and other Persons interested therein, according and in Proportion to their respective Estates, Rights, and interests, and if such Allotments were conveniently laid together and inclosed; and it will also be very advantageous to the Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Oakley if the same are exonerated from Tythes; but inasmuch as the fail several Objects cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thac the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and that all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish shall be exonerated from Tythes , and that Edward Platt of Lidlington, in the County of Bedford, Gentleman; Thomas Eagle of Baginton, in the County of H'a'rwick, Gentleman; and Joseph Truflove of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners lor valuing, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Walle Lands, and for exonerating from Tythes all the Lands and Grounds within thp said Parish of Oakley, and for putting this and the said recited AcTjpto 2 Execution,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 847

Execution, in Manner and subject: to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after contained, and all'o subject to the Powers, Provifi ms, and Regulations of the Did recited Act (except where the same are hereby varied or altered); and that all Powers and Author.ties. Directions, Act', Matters, Two Commie, and 1 hrngs hereby given to or directed to be done and executed by the ^nerSmay Did Commissioners, may be done and executed by. or before any Two of them, and shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if done and executed by or before all the said Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners hereby Elation of appointed, or who shall be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them respectively veiled, die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or without some lawful Cause neglect to attend a Meeting for putting this Act into Execution, for the Space of One Calendar Month next after he shall have received Notice from any Person iuterelted in the said Inclosure requiring him to attend as a Commissioner, a new Commissioner or Commissioners (as the Case may require) shall be elected in Manner following; (that is to say), if the said Edward Platt shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Assigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint One other Commissioner not interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, in the room of the said Edward Platt, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the said John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Assigns, shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in case the said 'Thomas Eagle shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect: to attend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Provod, Fellows, and Scholars of Eton College aforesaid for the Time being, by Writing under their Common Seal, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the Did Inclosure, in the room of the said Thomas Eagle, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of Eton College aforesaid, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in case the said Joseph Truflove shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Matter and Fellows of Queen's College aforesaid, by Writing under the Common Seal of the said College, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the said Inclosure, in the room of him the said Joseph Truflove, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said Matter and Fellows shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in case any of the said Parties shall make Default in appointing any such new Commissioner within One Calendar Month after the Death of any Commissioner, or his Refusal, or becoming incapable to act, or Neglect of Attendance as aforesaid, then the surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he and they is and are hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Commissioner or Commissioners by them respectively as aforesaid, to appoint One other Commissioner, (not interested in the said Inclosure), in the room of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act, or

neglecting

84.8

Appointment ct Surveyor.

Appointment of new Surveyor.

Ommissioners and Survey 01 *$ Allowance.

Nofire of Meetings-

Adjournment of Meeting:.

Other Noticrf, how to be g’vtn.

43° GEORG IT III. Cap. 46.

neglecting to attend as aforesaid; and every Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid shall have the like Power and Authority, in all Respects, as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall be appointed was veiled with by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans, as shall be necessary and requisite to be made and taken for the Purposes of dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Paid Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, shall be made and taken by Charles LBodworth of Kimlolton, in the County of Huntingdon, Land Surveyor; and in case of the Death, Inability, Neglect, or Refusal to act of the said Charles Bloodworth, then by such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, nominate and appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, there shall be paid to each of the Commissioners appointed and to be appointed as aforesaid, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble therein, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for each Day he shall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending any Meeting or adjourned Meeting, or otherwise, for the Execution of this Act; and that the said Commissioners shall defray their travelling Expences, and also their own Expences, at all such Meetings and adjourned Meetings as aforesaid; and that there shall be paid to the Surveyor appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall consider to be just and reasonable for his Pains, Trouble, and Expences in the Execution of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given in the Parish Church of Oakley aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the said Church, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the said County of Bedford, of the Time and Place of their first and every other Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vested in them, at least Ten Dais before such Meetings respectively (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), and that the said Commissioners shall and may adjourn any such Meeting from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, within Eight Miles of the said l’arish of Oakley, as they shall see Occasion, for the further Execution of this Act; and in case Two Commissioners shall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners present at any such Meeting or adjourned Meeting, or for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to adjourn the same to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or any other Place within Eight Miles of the said Parish of Oakley, and that the said Commissioner, or Cletk, making such Adjournment, shall give Notice thereof to the absent Conuniffiouers.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners in pursuance of

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 849

of this Act, (the Manner of giving which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the said Parish Church of Oakley, or be given by Advertisement in fomc Newspaper circulated in the said County of Bedford.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall

arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in " e D.(_ the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in purfu- p^tes. ance of this Act, or any Part thereof, touching or concerning the several Rights and Interests which they or any of theni shall have, or claim to have, in, over, upon, or out of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Commission-shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob- ej» may award jeftion or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or of 'J s‘

the said recited Act, or upon the Hearing of any such Dispute or Difference as aforesaid, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made b/ the Person or Persons against whom any such Determination shall be made; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required and authorized, by Warrant under their Hands, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering, upon Demand, the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising from any such Sale, after deducting the Costs and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per- Parties may son or Persons interested or claiming to be interested as aforesaid, shall be tf.v '|le'r dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or issue at iL,wl Concerning any Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common, or other

Rights or Interests, in, over, upon, or out of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the First or Second Affixes to be holden for the said County of Bedford next after the Determination of the said Commissioners; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with such Determination shall cause an Action to be brought upon a \_Loc. id Per.~\ to F feigned

850

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, (such Ilfue or Ilfues to be Ruled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame), and ihe Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Ti ml to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims to such Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, over, upon, or out of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting shall not cause such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all Parties interested.

Proceedings X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action

not to abate. tQ bought jn pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

For shortening Boundary Fences,

N

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors adjoining to the said Parish of Oakley, and of the major Part in Value of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in any adjoining Parish or Parishes, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which any such Boundary Fence or Fences as next herein-after mentioned shall or may be intended to be made in order to shorten and make regular the Boundary Fences between the said Parish of Oakley and any adjoining Parish or Parishes, to set out, ascertain, and determine, and to raise and make, in such Lines as they shall think proper and convenient, the Boundary Fence or Fences to be made between the said Parish of Oakley and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; and after such Boundaries shall be so made, set out, ascertained, and determined, as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced, and such Fence or Fences made and kept in Repair, in such Manner, and by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said Parish of Oakley and such adjoining Parish or Parishes, any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and

a Description

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 851

a Description of the Boundaries to be made, set out, ascertained, and determined, as aforesaid, shall be inserted in the Award of the said Commissioners.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said old R°ea<,‘o

Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, with the "°P

Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Division wherein the said Parish of Oakley is situate, and not interested in the Repair of any such Road as next herein-after mentioned, to divert, turn, or flop up any old or accustomed Road or Way (not being a Turnpike Road) lying or being in, or passing or leading through any Part of the said Parish; and such Order shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sedions, in like Manner, and under the fame Forms and Reductions, as if the fame had been originally made by such Justices; and that the Roads or Ways which shall be so flopped up, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at Fneroach-any Time within Twenty Years now last pafl have been made upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parish of Oakley, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and

in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally determined by the said Commissioners; and that all Encroachments which shall have been made upon the said Commons and Waste Lands for upwards of Twenty Years, shall Pom henceforth be considered to be Freehold, but shall not in any Case be entitled to any Rights of Common, or other Commonable Rights or Inrerefls whatsoever, upon or over any Part of the Lands,

Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, Allotments and they are hereby required (if they shall think it necessary) to set out a"^'Wa-and allot such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, tering places, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper,

unto the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parish of Oakley, to be used for the Purpose of publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting Stone, Gravel, or other Materials, for making and repairing the publick and private Roads and Ways within the said Parish, and for such other Uses and Purposes as the said Commissioners shall direct, and the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon such Allotment or Allotments, shall be veiled in such Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, and shall be let by him or them for the befl Rent that can be procured for the fame, and such Rent shall be applied by him or them in repairing the publick Roads and Ways within the said Parish; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall account to the Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, touching the Application thereof, annually, at such Day and Time as shall be appointed in a Vestry for puffing the Accounts of such Surveyor or Surveyors.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and ^H* they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to set out and Lands.

allot

852

Allotments to the Impropriators and Vicars for tythes.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

allot unto and for the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of Eton College, and their Lessee or Lessees for the Time being, such Part or Parts of the Lands, Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent and Compensation for all their Glebe Lands lying within the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, and for all such Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights as they have in, over, or upon the Lands, Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof; and shall in like Manner set out and allot unto and for the said Charles Abbot, and his Successors, Vicars of the said Parish of Oakley for the Time being, such Part of the said Lands, Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage, lying within the said Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, and for his Rights of Common, and other Commonable Rights, in, over, or upon the Lands, Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required (after having set out the necessary Roads, Ways, and Drains, in, over, and through the Lands and Ground* intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, pursuant to the Directions contained in the said recited Act, and the Allotment or Allotments to the Surveyor of the Highways of the said Parish of Oakley as aforesaid, and to the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, and to the said Charles Abbot as Vicar as aforesaid, for or in lieu of their resper-tive Glebe Lands and Rights of Common aforesaid) to set out and allot unto and for the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of Eton College aforesaid, and their Lessee or Lessees for the Time being, as Impropriators as aforesaid, and unto and for the said Charles Abbot, and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, so much and such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value f aft<_r deducting the inclosed Glebe Lands within the said Parish of Oakley) to One-fifth Part of all the Arable or Tillage Lands, to One-tenth Part of the Woodlands, and to One-ninth Part of all the other Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, which are subject or liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind; and also such further Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full and fair Equivalent for any compositions, Modules, or other Payments, for or in lieu of Tythes, now payable out of or from any of the Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Homefttads, and inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Parish; and such Allotment or Allotments so to be set out and allotted as aforesaid shall be by the said Commissioners allotted and divided between the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, and the said Charles Abbot, as Vicar as aforesaid, and his Successors, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be adequate to their several and respective Shares, Interest, and Property, in the Great and Small Tythes, compositions, Modules, and other Payments, respectively arising, renewing, and becoming due and payable to them

within

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

within the said Parish, and shall be in lieu of and in full Recompence,

Satisfaction, and Compensation, for all and all Manner of Tythes, both Great and Small, and all Compositions, Modufe , and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, arising, renewing, or becoming due and payable in, upon, or from the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed, in pursuance of this! Act, and in, upon, or from all and every the Messuages, Cottages, Homefleads, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, and inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Parish, (except and always reserving unto the said Charles Abbot, and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, the usual and accustomed Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees, payable unto him and them).

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Proprieto Owne s or Proprietors of any Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Yards, noHnter-sted Gardens, Orchards, Homefleads, or inclosed Lands or Grounds, in the in the Lands said Parish of Oakky, shall not be entitled to a sufficient Quantity of the {£

Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this ii f.ntion for Act* to exonerate such Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, T>thes> Orchards, Homefleads, or inclosed Lands and Grounds, from Tythes as aforesaid, and from all such Modules, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to charge the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof with such Sum of Sums of Money as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a just and full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Fee Simple of the Tythes, Compositions, Modules, and other Payments arising, renewing, or becoming due or payable for or in respect of their respective Messuages,

Cottages, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Homefleads, or inclosed Lands or Grounds, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall di-rest, and be by them applied towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act; and in case of Non-payment thereof at the Time appointed for that Purpose, the same shall be raised and levied in such Manner, as the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of obtaining and executing this Act may be raised and levied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments Allotments to be made to the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, and the said Charles Abbot as Vicar as aforesaid, in respect of the Glebe Lands to car to be which they are respectively entitled, and of the Great and Small Tythes, Compositions, Modules, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, shall respectively be fenced and ditched on all such Sides or Parts thereof as

shall not be ordered by the said Commissioners to be made by any other Proprietor or Proprietors, with Ring or outermost Fences and Ditches, made in a proper and substantial Manner, with young thriving Quicksets,

Well and sufficiently guarded on each Side thereof, and good and lubflan-tial Gates shall be also fixed in such Parts of the said Fences where necessary; and that the Division Fence or Fences necessary to be made between the Part or Parts of such Allotment or Allotments which shall be adjudged to the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, and the Part or Parcs thereof which shall be adjudged to the said Vicar, or his Successors, shall be made in like Manner; and all such Fences, Ditches, and \Lo(. £3* Per.J 10 G Gates,

854

fcHbdivision Fences to be made in the Improptfa-tors Allot, ments by the Duke of Bedford*

Allotment*

to the Duke of BtdJ'or i in Right oi Soil.

Allotment of the Refill ue.

Ohjf&ion* to Allotments to be determined by the Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

feates, shall be made, raised, and hung by and at the Expence of the said John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs or Assigns, and shall for ever after the lame shall be made, raised, and hung as aforesaid, be maintained and kept in Repair by the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, or their Leffee or Lessees for the Time being, and by the said Charles Abbot as Vicar as aforesaid, and his Successors, as the said Commissioners shall by their Award order and direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Subdivision Fences and Ditches as shall be necessary and requisite in the AlloJtnentor Allotments to be made to the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars as aforesaid, for the more convenient and advantageous Occupation and Cultivation of such Allotment or Allotments, and all such Gates as shall be necessary to be placed in such Subdivision Fences, shall be made, raised, hung, and put up, by and at the Expence of the said John Duke of Bedford, his Heirs and Assigns, in a proper and substantial Manner, and shall from and after the same shall be made, raised, hung, and put up, be maintained and kept in Repair by the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, or their Leffce or Lessees for the Time being.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to set out and allot unto and for the said John Duke of Bedford, Lord of the Manor of Oakley Reynes aforesaid, his Heirs and Assigns, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosrd, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One-twentieth Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be in lieu and full Bar of, and Compensation for, all Right of Soil in such Commons and Wafts Lands.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next Place set out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and in-doled, unto, between, and amongst the several Proprietors of and Persons interested therein, in Proportion and according to their several and respective Shares, Interests, Rights of Common, and other Rights.

4 T

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Shares, Rights, and Interests of the said Proprietors in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and also the respective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Proprietors respectively in lieu thereof, and such proposed Allotment or Allotments shall be staked or marked out, they the said Commissioners shall hold a Meeting at some convenient Time and Place, when and where the Proprietors may be informed of such intended Allotments, and fee the Scheme thereof set out and delineated upon a Map to be produced for their Inspection; and if any of the said Proprietors shall upon such In-fpiftion be dissatisfied with any of the proposed Allotments, the said Commissioners shall at such Time and Place as last aforesaid, or at some other

*55

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

other Time and Place to be appointed by them for that Purpose, receive Statements in Writing of the Complaints and Objections of any Proprietor or Proprietors against any such Allotments, and shall forthwith, or as soon after as conveniently may be, determine the fame; and such Determination being reduced into Writing, and signed by them, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested in any such Allotment or Allotments.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this or the said recited Act, to or with any Person or Persons, for or in lieu or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of any Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, or for or in respect of any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, shall, from and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold, and shall be held as such by and under the fame Tenures, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services, as the Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds respectively, for or in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, are now held; and the said Commissioners shall by their said Award determine and describe the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds respectively, which are to be or remain Copyhold or Leasehold, and all other Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, to be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, (save and except such as shall be ascertained by the said Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold), shall be from thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Grounds, subject nevertheless to such Free Rents and Services as are now payable out of the respective Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds, for or in respect whereof they shall or may be allotted or exchanged.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hath fold or contracted, or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, fell or contract, or agree to fell his or her Right, Interest, or Property, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby directed, authorized, and required, to make an Allotment or Allotments unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, and to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property, so fold or contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property, had been veiled in such

Vendor

Allotments to be of the fame Tenure as the Lands for which t hey are allotted.

Commissioners to allot to Purchasers.

856

Rights of Common and Tythes to cease.

bid Roads nor i. be (hut «p till new ones are made.

Fences to be made where Sheep are ke, t in the lnciofuiei.

Award to be enrolled, and deported in the Church, &c.

For defraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

43° GEORGII III. tap. 46.

Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments, and such Award as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award, or at such other Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Oakley aforesaid, on some Sunday, for that Purpose, limit or appoint all Rights of Common and other Commonable Rights and Interests whatsoever, in, over, and upon the Lands, Grounds, Commons, and W afte Lands, to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, and all Tythes, Compositions, Modules, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, now arising, renewing, and growing due and payable within the said Parish of Oakley, (save and except Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, and Mortuaries), shall cease, determine, and be for ever ex-tinguiflud; any Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That none of the present publick Roads over the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, shall be shut up or discontinued until the said Commissioners shall have caused the publick Roads to be set out, and until the same shall be properly formed, and made safe and convenient for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, shall be turned or kept in any Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, duiing the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person or Persons so turning or keeping the same shall first at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a Fence sufficient to guard the young Quick Fences round such Allotment or Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by such Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, whether such Quick Fences be planted or set by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Allotment or Allottnents as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be enrolled with the Clerk of the Peacfc for the said County of Bedford, and when so enrolled, shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Oakley aforesaid; and a Copy of such Award, with a reduced Map of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made and set out to the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars aS aforesaid, shall be deposited in the said College Royal of the Blessed Mary of Eton, for the Use of the said College.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences of forming, making, and completing the publick Roads, Ways, and Drains, which shall be set out and appointed by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and all the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be

divided,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 857

divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and of preparing and enrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and all the Cods,

Charges, and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Assistants, and Servants, and all other necessary Cods, Charges, and Expences of the several Persons employed by them in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, (save and except the Cods, Charges, and Expences of inclosing and Ring-fencing the Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act to the said Provod, Fellows, and Scholars, and to the said Charles Abbot and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, and of making and raising the Division Fence thereof as herein-before mentioned, which are herein-before particularly provided for), shall be.borne, paid, and defrayed by all the Proprietors and Owners of Estates divided, allotted, and inclosed, exonerated from Tythes, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, (save and except the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being of the said Highways for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments herein-before directed to be made to them for the Purposes aforesaid, and the said Charles Abbot and his Successors,

Vicars of Oakley aforesaid, for and in respect of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to him or them as aforesaid), in such Shares and Proportions, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, either previous to or after the Execution of their said Award, order, direct, and appoint; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, and as often as they shall deem it necessary and proper, to m ike and form Estimates of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and to raise the Amount of such EAimates by a Rate or Rates accordingly; and in case any such Proprietors shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or the r Share or Proportion, Shares or Proportions, of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case the same shall and may be lea vied and recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions and m-by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be paid and borne by the *">'» to i>e several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner Partes.th* and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and

direct.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Part or Ben.fi ml Parts of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, as shall be j^1 "p*°. charged upon, or afieft any Lands and Hereditaments belonging to any portion of the College or Corporation Aggregate, or upon such College or Corporation E*PeIlc's* demised to any Person or Persons whomsoevery the Lease or Leases whereof shall not be vacated by virtue of this Act, shall be apportioned

and divided by the said Commissioners between the respective L^lfors and Lessees in such Manner as they shall deem just and equitable, according to the Interests of such Lessors and Lessees respectively therein, and be paid by such Lessors and Lessees accordingly.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said John E-.-pences of Duke of Bedford shall bear, pay, and defray all such Costs, Charges, tobede

[Ldc. & Per.3 10 H and 0 e e*

858

frayed by the Duke ot Bedford,

The Duke of Bedford to be entitled to One Renewal from the Provost, (gc.

Proprietor* and Agents to pay their own Expencfes.

Interest to be paid for Money advanced.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

and Expences, as shall be charged or chargeable upon the Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of Eton College aforesaid, and the Vicars for the Time being of the several Parishes of Clapham and Biddenbam, in the said County of Bedford, and the Trustees or Trustee for the Poor of the said Parish of Oakley, and the Trustees or Trustee for the Poor of the Parish of Milton Ernefi, in the said County of Bedford, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them, any or either of them, by virtue of this Act; and all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as shall be charged and chargeable upon them, any or either of them, for or in respect of their, any or either of their Messuages, Cottages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, being exchanged or exempted, and exonerated from Tythes, or from the Payment of any Modus, Composition, or other Payment in lieu of Tythes by virtue of this Act; and the said John Duke of Bedford shall be l'ub-jest and liable to all the Powers and Remedies for recovering and compelling Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as are contained in the said recited Act; and that the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, Vicars and Trustees respectively, shall be and are hereby exonerated and discharged of and from the Payment of all or any Part of such Colls, Charges, and Expences, as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars of Eton College aforesaid, shall on Mi-chaelmas-Day next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently can be, and upon the Surrender of the existing Term, grant unto the said John Duke of Bedford, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at his and their own Costs and Charges, a new Lease of the said Impropriate Rectory, and of the Tythes, Lands, and Hereditaments to the fame belonging, in the said Parish of Oakley, with their Appurtenances, or of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made in lieu or in respect thereof, or of any Part thereof, for a new Term of Ten Years, to commence from the said Michaelmas-Day next; and that the said Provost, Fellows, and Scholars, shall upon such Renewal to be made as aforesaid, reserve and accept the fame Rent or Rents for the said Premises, as are now payable under and by virtue of the existing Lease, and no more, and shall not upon such Renewal to be made as aforesaid, take for a Fine or Premium for the fame more than the Sum of Three hundred and fifteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they, or any of them, shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall be advanced by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining or carrying this Act into Execution, shall be repaid with Interest, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to such Person or Persons, out of the First Monies to be raised under and by virtue of this Act.

43° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 46. 859

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Consent of the Provoli, Corporations Fellows, and Scholars of Eton College aforesaid, and of the Mailer and to Kxch"ng« Fellows of Queen’s College aforesaid, and of any other Corporation by Writing, Aggregate, to any Exchanges which shall be made of all or any Part of ‘c'

their respective Estates in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act, shall and may be teltined by Writing under their respective Common Seals.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, Course of as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, by Writing llllfbandl7‘ or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal outer Door

of the Parish Church of Oakley aforesaid, on forae Sunday, order and direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be used in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the said intended Division and Allotments, as well with respect to the laying down, ploughing, sowing of Grass Seeds, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the docking and eating the Fallows or Stubbles, and also to the cutting of Furze, Thorns, or Bullies, upon the said Lands and Grounds, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed as aforesaid, make such further Orders, Directions, and Regulations, touching the Conduct of the Farmers and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, for preventing them from committing Waite thereon, or upon any Part thereof, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, as to them shall seem expedient, all which Orders, Directions, and Regulations of the said Commissioners, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties concerned; and that the said Commissioners shall set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures on every" Person not conforming to such Orders, Directions, and Regulations, as they shall think necessary, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence; and the said Commissioners shall also settle and determine what additional Rent shall be paid in respect of such Lands, and the Tythes thereof respectively, as shall in the Season immediately preceding the passing of this Act, be cropped otherwise than in the cullomary Way, or contrary to any fublting Agreement, such additional Rent to be paid and payable at the same Time and in the same Manner as the original Rent.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, it shall be lawful for the Power to va-said Commissioners, at any Time previous to the Execution of their Ra'gK.cnt* Award, in all Cases where they in their Discretion shall deem it necessary

or expedient for the due Execution of this Act, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to determine or make void all or any of the Leases or Agreements for Leases at Rack Rent, or from Year to Year, then subsisting, of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or which shall be exchanged by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and of all other Lands and Hereditaments demised or agreed to be demised by or comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, either as to the Whole or as to some Part or Parts only of the said Hereditaments comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, and at such Time or Times in the Year as the said Commissioners shall think most convenient and expedient, according to the

Circumstances

86o

Not to vacate beneficial Leases from Bodies Politick and Corporate.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Circumstances of the Cafe; and in all Cases where any such Leases or Agreements shall be determined as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall ascertain arid determine whether any and what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, or any and what Deduction or Abatement in the reserved Rent or Rents shalf be made by the Lessors or Landlords to the Lessees or Tenants, as a Compensation and Satisfaction for such total or partial Determination of their respective Leases or Agreements; and such reduced Rents so ascertained and declared as aforesaid, shall respectively become payable, and commence at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, and shall be recovered irt like Manner as the original Rent reserved by such Lease or Agreement would have been by Law recoverable; and in all Cases where any Gross Sum or Sums of Money shall by the said Commissioners be ascertained as a Compensation to be paid by the Lelfor or Landlord for determining such Lease or Agreement, the same shall be actually paid by such Lelfor or Landlord, before he or she is put into Possession of the respective Lands and Hereditaments comprised in such Lease or Agreement, or of the Allotment or Allotments in lieu thereof, or of any Part thereof; and in all Cases where such subsisting Leases or Agreements shall continue in force, as to the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments therein comprised, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to ascertain and declare whether any and what additional Rent or Rents shall be paid by the Lessees or Tenants to the Lessors or Landlords, for or in respect of any Improvement in the annual Value of the Hereditaments comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, by reason of the fame being exonerated from Tythes, and exchanged respectively, or by the Lands and Grounds being divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act; and such additional Rents, so ascertained and declared as lait aforesaid, shall commence at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and shall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally reserved would have been payable and recoverable if this Act had not been passed; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to settle, ascertain, and determine the Course of Husbandry to be used by such Lessees or Tenants during the Remainder of the subsisting Leases and Agreements, in all Cases where they shall deem it necessary and proper so to do; and such Course of Husbandry shall from and after the same shall be so settled, ascertained, and determined, be used and followed by such Lessees and Tenants during the Remainder of such Leases or Agreements: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease or Leases of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the Parish of Oakley aforesaid, and Part in any adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting may and shall be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease, and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish, the Lease of such last mentioned Lands shall not be vacated.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to vacate or make void any beneficial Lease or Leases from any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, of any Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments in the said Parish of Oakley, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, but the Person

or

861

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

or Persons entitled to such beneficial Lease or Leases shall and may hold and enjoy such Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, or the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made in lieu or in respect thereof, for the Term or Terms, and under and subject to the fame Rents, Covenants, and Agreements, as are created, specified, or contained in his, her, or their respective Lease or Leases, from such Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to him, her, or them, respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to direct, order, and appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crops growing upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted at the Time such Divisions and Allotments shall be made for the said Crops, by the Person or Persons to whom the Lands and Grounds on which such Crops are growing shall be allotted, unless such Owner or Owners shall within the Time to be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, declare his, her, or their Intention to cut, reap, and carry away the fame; and in case of Non-payment of such Recompence and Satisfaction for such Crops at the Time and in the Manner to be directed by the said Commissioners, or in case of such Election to cut, reap, and carry away the fame, then it shall and may be lawful for such Owner and Owners, and his, her, and their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, with Horses, Carts, and Carriages, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon such Crops shall be growing, and to cut, reap, and carry away the fame for his, her, and their own Life; and the said Commissioners shall also, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to ascertain, order, and appoint, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and to whom, for the Standage of such Crops, by the Owner or Owners electing to carry away the lame as aforesaid, and also what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land within the said Parish of Oakley, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring of any of the Lands or Grounds which shall be allotted and divided by virtue of this Act, for the Benefit and Advantage accruing the reby to the Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Grounds shall be allotted, as for any Loss or Disadvantage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall or may sustain by the Loss of their following or waygoing Crops upon the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided and allotted; and if in any or either of the said Cases the Money to be paid for such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be paid at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed as aforesaid by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to raise and levy the same for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be raised and levied.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Tene-[ice. Cs" Per.] 10 / menti,

Sitisfaflion to be made for Handing Crops.

Wills and Settlements not to be affected.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

merits, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this or the said recited Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, but that each and every Proprietor shall Hand and be seised of the several Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Dowers, Jointures, Portions. Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, whereof such Proprietors were seised or posselTcd at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, be charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been passed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners are hereby directed to be final, binding, or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Issue at Law is herein-before directed to be tried) such Person or Persons may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the said County of Bedford, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) at such Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Colls as they shall think reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colls which shall be awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party and Parties liable to pay the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners oE such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That Once in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed from the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them, for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Bedford, not interested in the said Inclosure, to be examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices Hated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XLIV. Saving

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

XLIV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Pleirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or in case this Act had not been made.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

n,

i whereas rrovihons contain.... edlion of the Paid Commissioners, and to t. vVatch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Ro. \Loc. S35 Per. J 10 K

863

General

Saving.

Declaring the Ait publick.

i

J..1 .

V’ i id 1

1 [ !J

\VAli!F. *' Wili

vNr

& ,1

- : . ge on

ing on the Parties concerned, or valid in x , duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XLIV. Saving

5

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 47.

An Act to amend, alter, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to maintaining a Nightly Watch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages within the City of Chester; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Rows, and Passages, within tire said City, and for regulating and improving the Police thereof.

[27th May 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign 2 Geo. 3* of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Poor, maintaining a Nightly Watch, lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages, and providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen,

Carmen, and Porters within the City of Chester, certain Persons therein mentioned are appointed Commissioners for executing the Purposes of the said Act, in relation to the watching, lighting, paving, and cleansing the said Streets, Rows, and Passages of the said City, and other Purposes:

And whereas the Provisions contained in the said Act, relating to the Election of the said Commissioners, and to the maintaining a Nightly Watch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages of the [Loc. & Per.] io K said

866

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

said City, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same, and making, raising, and collecting of Rates for the Purposes aforesaid, have been found to be in several Re-spefts inconvenient, defective, and inadequate to the Purposes of the said Act; and it is therefore requisite and expedient that the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, in relation to the Purposes aforesaid, should be altered or repealed and amended: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Appointment and Election of the C.ommissioners therein mentioned, and to the raising of Money, and the Removal and Prevention of Nuisances and Annoyances within the said City, shall be, and the fame is hereby Commission- repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, the Mayor, *rs- Recorder, and Justices of the Peace of and for the said City of Chester and

County of the fame City, for the Time being, together with the Dean and Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of St. Werburgh, within the said City, for the Time being, Daniel Aldersey, Thomas Armitjlead, Roger Barn-ston, John Bonner, Thomas Bennion, Edmund Bushell, Richard Barker, Francis Edge Barker, Samuel Nevitt Bennett, Samuel Bennett, John Buckley, Robert Brittain, George Bulkeley, George Bushell, Joseph Bage, Joseph Bozley, William Boult, Robert Baxter, George Bowen, John Brojler, Thomas Bradford, Henry Bowers, Courtenay, John Cotgreave, John

Chamberlain, William Currie Doftorof Physic, Jonathan Colley, William Coker, William Cole, Benjamin Clubbe, Joseph Clubbe, John Cooper, William Connah, Thomas Dixon, John Dutton, William Dawson, Joseph Dale, Andrew Davison, Joseph Duke, William Davenport, William Edwards, Alexander Eaton, Thomas Evans, William Field, Thomas Finchett, Thomas Francis, Samuel Freeman, George FolUott, Thomas Fluitt, Edward Griffith, Thomas Griffith, Samuel Hodson, Hugh Robert Hughes, John Stewart Hughes, Charles Henchman, Henry Hesketh, Thomas Hughes, Samuel Humphries, Charles Hamilton, George Harrison, Joseph Hornby, Edward Holt, Thomas Jenkins, David Francis Jones, Joseph Johnson, John Kcrfoot, Stephen Leeke, George Harrison Larden, Roger Langjhaw, Edward Lloyd, John Lowe, the Honourable Maffey, Charles Morrall, William Moss, Thomas Moulfon, Edward Main-waring, William Nichol/s, Robert Newell, William Newell, William Nclfon, James Okell, Daniel Or red, Samuel Parry, John Powell, Thomas Poole, Joseph Pearson, Philip Prejlbury, Charles Potts, Thomas Rathbone, Thomas Richards the Younger, Thomas Royle, William Richardson, Bagott Redd, John Roberts, Griffith Rowlands, Roger Swcttenham, Edward Spencer, Joshua Strengfellow, William Seller, William Thomas, Joseph Turner, John Trough-ton, John Tomlinson, Thomas Townshend, Samuel Tonna, Mafic Taylor, Samuel Vernon, Pcploc Ward Doctor in Divinity, Edward Ommany Wrench, John Wilbraham, Charles Williamson, John Walker, Edward Williams, Samuel Wright, Richard Walley, James Winfield, George Whitley, Thomas Whittle, Robert Williams, Robert Wilkinson, and their Successors, to be qualified and elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act and the said recited Act, so far as the fame is not hereby repealed, into Execution; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Directions, Matters, and Things, in this or the said recited Act contained, in relation to any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done or executed by or before the Majority of the Commissioners

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

missioners appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, provided Seven or more Commissioners shall be present in all Cases in which no greater or less Number of Commissioners is specified as sufficient or necessary: Provided always, that no Order made by any Seven or more Commissioners shall be revoked or altered, unless at some Meeting to be holden forthat Purpose, of which Ten Days Notice at least shall be given, by affixing a v/ritten Notice on the Door of the Town Hall, nor unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend at such Meeting to revoke or alter the fame than were present to make such Order, any Thing in this or the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person (except the said Mayor, Recorder, and Justices of the Peace, and Dean and Prebendaries respectively for the Time being) shall be qualified to act, or shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, unless at the Time of his acting he shall be seised or possessed respectively, either in Fee, or for Life, or for a Term of not less than Fourteen Years, and be in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Messuages, Buildings, or Premises, within the said City or the Liberties thereof, rated and assessed under this Act at the Yearly Value of Sixty Pounds or upwards, or unless such Person shall be the actual Occupier of some Messuage or Dwelling House, Shop, Stable, Warehouse, or other Premises, within the said City or Liberties thereof, rated and assessed under this Act at the Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds or upwards; and if any Person not being so qualified as aforesaid, or being under any Disqualification by this Act, shall nevertheless aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on Behalf of the Prosecutor than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this or the said recited Act.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in any Case in which he shall be personally interested, or during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this or the said recited Act, or be directly or indirectly engaged in any Contraft, or have any Share, Interest, or Benefit in any Contract or Agreement relating to the Execution of any of the Powers’of this or the said recited Act; or until he shall take the following Oath; (videlicet)

‘I A.B. do fu’ear, That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or ‘ ’ Malice, truly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill

‘ and Knowledge, execute and perform all and every the Powers and ‘ Authorities in the Execution whereof I shall at any Time aft as a Coin-‘ missioner appointed in or by virtue of An Act,’ &c. [here set forth the Title of this Act.~\ So help me GOD.’

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet at the Town Hall, within the said City, on the Thursday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, or within Twenty Days after, and proceed to

put

Their Quorum.

Qualification ot Comir.issioners.

Penalty for acting if not. qualified,.

Commissioners to take an Oath.

Oath.

Firth Meeting.

868

General

Meetings.

Appointment of Commission-

Ilates to be according to the Yearly Rent or Value of Houses, xc.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

put this and the said recited Act into Execution; and shall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet at the Place aforesaid (so as such Meeting do not interfere with any other public Business there), or at such other Place or Places within the said City as they the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at such Meeting, shall appoint; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, and to adjourn to another Day (Two Commissioners being always deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if they shall at any Timeneglect or refuse to adjourn, or upon any urgent Business an occasional Meeting shall be deemed necessary or proper, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of the said Commissioners, shall and may call a Meeting at the Place where the last Meeting was held, or Was appointed to be holden, public Notice thereof being giving by affixing the fame on the Door of the said Town Hall at leaf! Seven Days before such Meeting; and at all Meetings, to be held in pursuance of this Act, the Commissioners shall defray their own Expences, and no Act of the said Commissioners, except that of Adjournment or calling a Meeting as aforesaid, shall be valid, unless made or done at some public Meeting held by virtue of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall also meet at the Town Hall aforesaid, on the Second Tuesday in April in each Year, which shall be called the General Annual Meeting of the said Commissioners; and at all such General Annual Meetings an Account of all Monies received and paid from Time to Time by virtue and in Execution of this or the said recited Act, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be produced, ffated, examined, settled, and verified on the Oath of the Person accounting for the fame, which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and at every Meeting of the said Commissioners the Mayor of the said City (if present) shall be Chairman, and in case of his Absence, the Deputy Mayor (if present) shall be Chairman; and if neither the Mayor or Deputy Mayor be present, then the Senior Alderman of the said City present at such Meeting shall be the Chairman; and in case no Alderman shall be present, then a Chairman may be appointed for the Meeting by the Commissioners present; and in case of an equal Number of Votes on any Occasion (including the Chairman’s. Vote) the Chairman at every such Meeting Avail have the calling Vote.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Commissioners herein-before appointed or to be elected as hereinafter mentioned, shall die, or be elected to serve the Office of Mayor, the Commissioners at their next General Annual Meeting shall cleft and appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution (except as to the Regulation of the Poor and paving the said City) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required. Once in every Year, or oftener it required, to ascertain and state and set down the Sum and Sums of Money to be raised by a Rate or Assessment, or Rates or Assessments, on the several Inhabitants of such Parts of the said City, and the Liberties thereof, as shall be lighted and watched under this Act or the said recited Act, and every such Rate or Assessment shall be made by

869

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

by the Assessors and Surveyors appointed under or in pursuance of this Act, apd afterwards allowed and signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and shall not be good or valid unless it shall be so allowed and signed; and every such Rate or Assessment shall be made Tenants lia-upon and paid by the Tenants and Occupiers of the Messuages, Houses, Ware- b*c to Pay houses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Barns, Cow-houses, Coach-houses,the Rates-Brewhouses, Malthouses, Mills, and other Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and Orchards, situate, lying, and being within such Parts of the said City of Che/ler, and the Liberties thereof, as shall be lighted and watched in pursuance of the Provision of the Lid recited Act or this Act, and such Rates or Assessments shall be made according to the Annual Value of the fame Messuages, Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables,

Barns, Cowhouses, Coach-houses, Brewhouses, Malthouses, Mills, and other Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and Orchards respectively, to be ascertained as hereinafter mentioned, but shall in no Cafe exceed One Shilling in the Pound upon such Annual Value in any One Year; and the first Year for which any such Rate or Assessment shall be made, shall commence and be computed from the First Day of August next after the passing of this Act; and such Rates and Assessments shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of some Collector or Collectors to be appointed in pursuance of this Act by the said Commissioners, whom they are hereby empowered to appoint, and which said Collector or Collectors, when so appointed, is and are hereby authorized to collect and receive the same at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct, and the same shall be paid over by such Collector or Collectors into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners at any Meeting are hereby empowered to amend any such Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, after the same shall have been so made and signed, by inserting the Name of any Person who ought to have been but has not been rated or assessed, or by Striking out the Name of any Person who hath been but ought not to have been so rated or assessed, or by altering the Sum or Sums charged in any such Rate or Assessment on any Person or Persons, or in any other Manner which the said Commissioners shall think proper for making the same a just and equal Rate or Assessment, without wholly setting aside or quashing the fame:

Provided always, that all and every the Sums and Sum of Money charged upon any Person in any such Rate or Assessment, shall and may be levied and recovered, notwithstanding any Appeal or Complaint, or Notice of Appeal or Complaint, made by him either against his or her Assessment under the said recited Act or this Act, in such and the same Manner in every Respect as if no such Appeal or Complaint had been made; and any Distress for the same shall be good and valid as if no such Appeal or Complaint, or Notice thereof, had been made or given respectively: Provided also, that where any such Person shall afterwards be released from any such Rate or Assessment, or any Part thereof, the Sum so paid by such Person over and above his or her just Proportion, shall be taken as Payment, or Part Payment, as the Case may be, of the next effective Rate or Assessment, or Rates or Assessments on him or her, or, if the said Commissioners shall so direct, to be repaid to him or her.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Mef- Where Prc-fuages, Buildings, or Premisses aforesaid, in respect whereof any Rate or ^c"

Assessment shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be let in different verafoccu*’* [Lor. & Per.J io L Dwellings piers, any

870

One or more to be deemed liable.

Application of Monies arising by Rates.

Houses to be surveyed.

Surveyors

appointed.

For appointing new Surveyors in Cases of Death, See.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Dwellings or Apartments to more than One Tenant or Occupier, then any One or more of such Tenants or Occupiers shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and the said Rates or Assessments shall, in case of Refusal to pay the fame, be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to the Rates thereby authorised to be levied and recovered; and in case any Difference shall afterwards arise between such several Occupiers touching or concerning their respective Proportions of any such Rates or Assessments, or of the Expences attending the Recovery thereof, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and may hear, adjust, and determine all such Differences and Disputes.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money to arise by all such Rates or Assessments, after deducting all the Costs and Charges of assessing and collecting the fame, shall be from Time to Time applied in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences of passing this Act, and for the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, except as to the Regulation and Relief of the Poor of the said City.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Messuages, Houses, Shops, Cellars, Stables, Warehouses, Brewhouses, Mills, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, and other Premisses, liable to be rated and assessed under this or the said recited Act, shall be surveyed at such Times as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct, and the respective Tenants and Occupiers thereof rated and assessed by John Fletcher and John Beduard of the City of Chester, Surveyors, who are hereby appointed Surveyors and Assessors, with such Salaries or Gratuities for their Pains therein as the said Commissioners shall, at some General Annual Meeting, order and direct to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and such Surveys, Rates, and Assessments, shall be reduced into Writing, and an equal Value of the Premisses shall be therein ascertained and set down; and the said Surveys, Rates, and Assessments, shall be laid before the said Commissioners as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall be completed, to be by them kept and made use of for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the said Surveyors Avail differ in Opinion, then and in such Case Thomas Penfon of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, Architect, is hereby appointed Umpire to assist therein, and settle the Difference between the said Surveyors.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any cr either of the Surveyors and Umpire hereby appointed, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or Umpire, hereafter appointed under this Act, shall die or refuse or neglect to act in the Execution of his said Office for the Space of Twenty-one Days after he shall have received Notice in Writing of such Appointment, and shall have been requested to act in the Execution of the said Office as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall cause Ten Days Notice in Writing to be given in the Chester Newspaper or Newspapers, if any then published, and if not, then on the Door of the Town Hall, or some other publick Place or Places in the said City, of a Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held at the Town Hall, to elect and appoint One or more Surveyor or Surveyors, Assessor or Alfeflfors, or Umpire, in the Room and Stead of the Surveyor or Alfeffor, Surveyors

43° GEORGII III. Cap.^. 871

ors or AffelTors, or Umpire, so dying or refusing to act- as aforesaid, and the Majority of the Commissioners at such Meeting shall and may, and are hereby required to appoint such Surveyor or Assessor, or Surveyors or Assessor, or Umpire accordingly; and such last-mentioned Surveyor or Assessor, Surveyors or AffelTors, and Umpire, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities as the Person in whose Room or Stead he shall be so appointed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of aft- Surveyor to ing as a Surveyor, Assessor, or Umpire, in the Execution of this Act, tak-eanOdth. until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath: (that is

to say)

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, Oath.

‘ ’ according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, make an equal,

impartial, and dillinft Survey and Valuation of all and every the Mef-‘ fuages, Houses, Shops, Cellars, Stables, Warehouses, Brewhouses,

‘ Buildings, Gardens, Yards, and other Premisses, within the City of £ Chester, and the Liberties thereof, or such Part thereof as I shall be em-t ployed to survey and value, and lay the fame before the Commissioners , appointed to put in Execution An Act, &c. [_set forth the Title of this ( Ad.J So help me GOD.’

Which Oath, and also the Oath herein before-mentioned, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Commissioners to administer, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same accordingly.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Houses under

Persons shall be rated or chargeable with any such Rate or Assessment, the yearly Rates or Assessments, by virtue of (his Act, in respect of the Occupation 3^-

of any Messuage or Dwelling House, or Messuages or Dwelling Houses, no

the Whole of which, with the Appurtenances together, shall be under the Messuage, yearly Value of Three Pounds, not being the Property of such Occupier; &c- to be nor shall any One Messuage or Building, with the Out-offices, Coach- _'")r,'cr houses, Stables, Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances held, occupied, ‘" '

and enjoyed therewith, be rated or assessed at any greater Annual Value than Seventy Pounds, except the Dee Mills, which shall not be rated 01 alkffed at any greater Annual Value than One hundred Pounds.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Mef- Exemption fuage, House, Shop, Vault, Warehouse, Malthouse, Workhouse, Brew- of empty house, or other Building or Yard whatsoever, with its Appurtenances, 1‘uu^5' shall be inserted in any Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, for the Purpose of charging any Person in respect of any Period during which the fame shall be empty or unoccupied, or have remained empty and unoccupied, but only in Proportion to the Time the same shall have been tenanted and occupied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall remove Person* quit-out of or from, or quit the Possession of any such Messuage, House, Shop, hng Houses Vault, Warehouse, Malthouse, Workhouse, Brewhouse, or other Build- before Pay-ing, Yard, Garden, or Orchard, before the Rate or Assessment, Rates ment of

Or R*tcs, and

8?2

Persons entering in such Houses or PremifTes, to be subject to the Payment thereof for the Times of their occupying the same.

Agreements between Landlords and Tenants not to be affected.

Power to paint Names of the Streets, &c.

Penalty for obliterating or defacing flic Names.

To prevent Kucroach-ments.

43° GEORGII III. C<//;.47.

or Assessments, charged thereon by virtue of this Act, shall be paid; or if any Person shall enter into the Occupation of any such Messuage, House, Shop, Vault, Warehouse, Malthouse, Workhouse, Brewhouse, or other Building, Yard, Garden, or Orchard, out of or from which any other Person shall have so removed before Payment of the said Rates or Assessments, or which at the Time of rating or assessing the same shall be empty or unoccupied, then the Person so removing out of or from, or quitting the Possession, and the Person so entering into the Occupation of any such Messuage, House, Shop, Vault, Warehouse, Malthouse, Workhouse, Brewhouse, or other Building, Yard, Garden, or Orchard, shall be respectively liable to the Payment of the Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, in proportion to the Times such Persons possefTed or occupied the fame respectively, in like Manner as if the Person so removing or quitting as aforesaid had remained in the Possession or Occupation of such Messuage, House, Shop, Vault, Warehouse, Malthouse, Workhouse, Brewhouse, or, other Building, Yard, Garden, or Orchard, or the Person so entering into the Occupation thereof had been originally rated or afieffed, which Proportion (in case of Dispute concerning the same) shall be ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect or make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, made or to be made between any Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the Payment of the Rates or Assessments which may be charged upon any Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building, by virtue of this or of the said recited Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, as they shall think necessary or expedient, to cause to be painted in large legible Characters on the mofl conspicuous Buildings or Places in the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Rows, publick Roads and Places, within the said City or Liberties thereof, the Name or Names by which the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Rows, publick Roads and Places, are or may be known or distinguished; and if any Person shall wilfully or wantonly obliterate or deface any such Name or Names, after the same shall have been painted as aforesaid under the Authority of this Act, every such Person shall, on Conviction before One Justice, or the said Commissioners, upon View, or Confession, or by the Oath of One Witness, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Owners and Occupiers of Houses and other Buildings within the said City, and the Liberties thereof, shall at their own Colls and Charges, within such Time, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners at their General Annual Meeting shall from Time to Time, by Notice in Writing, signed by their Clerk, to be delivered to such Owner or Occupiers, or left at their respective Dwelling Houses, direct and appoint, cause all Steps, Stairs, Polls, Pillars and Pilasters, Palisadoes, Pales and Rails, Poles, projecting Windows, Porches, Spouts, Shew Boards, Stalls, Cellar Windows, Doors and Gates, Steps into Cellars and Vaults, and all other Encroachments

873

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

and Annoyances whatsoever, belonging to their respective Houses, Euild-ings, or Premisses, and extending over or upon the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and publick Places, or any Part thereof, to be removed, altered, or reformed, and also to cause the Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, and Penthouses of their respective Houses, and other Buildings, by proper and Sufficient Pipes or Trunks to be affixed to the Sides of their respective Houses or other Buildings; and in case any such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refute so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be done at the Costs and Charges of any such Owner or Occupier; and the Costs and Charges attending the Removal, Alteration, or Reformation of the fame, to be ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners, ffiaH, in case the fame be not paid on Demand made by any Person authorized by the said Commissioners in that Behalf, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Occupier, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said City of Chester (which Warrant such Commissioners or Justices are hereby authorized to grantj, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and if the Tenant or Occupier of any such House or other Building shall remove, alter, or reform any such Encroachment, Obstruction, or Annoyance as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for him or her to deduct and retain the reasonable Charge and Expence thereof, and also any Money which shall or may have been levied *upon his or her Goods or Chattels as aforesaid, out of his or her next Payment of Rent; and the Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord of every such Ploufe or other Building is hereby required to allow the fame accordingly as a Payment, or Part Payment of Rent, as the Case may be, and the same shall be good as such Payment to all Purposes whatever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, to allow and order to be paid to such Owner and Occupier as aforesaid, all or any Part of the Expence they shall have been at, or be put unto, in removing, altering, or reforming any such Encroachment, Obstruction, Projeftion, or Annoyance, as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit.

XIX. And, in order to enable the said Commissioners to make Drains, Soughs, Sewers, Reservoirs, and other Works, for the better cleansing the said City, and otherwise putting this Act in Execution, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at interest of and from any Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be willing to lend and advance the fame, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, on the Credit of the said R ates or Assessments, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, to mortgage or assign over the said Rates or Assessments, or any Part thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend any such Money, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Payment of the Principal Money so to be bonowed, with interest at and after the Rate of

[Lee. & Per.J 10 M Five

Owners, &e. of Houses to be reimbursed their Ex-peuces incurred in removing Encroachments.

Commissioners to raise Money on Mortgage of the Rates.

874

Form of Mortgage.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or less, for the fame; and every such Mortgage or Assignment shall or may be in the Words, or to the Effect following: ('videlicet)

:by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of 6 His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act] We, of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, at a Meeting held pursuant thereto, in Confi-

‘ deration of the Sum of advanced and lent by A. B.

4 of upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant, bargain, assign, and fell unto the said A.B. his Execu-

tors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Parts or Proportions of the Rates or Assessments to be made by the said Commissioners, by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to

the whole Sum which now is or at any Time hereafter may be lawfully borrowed by the said Commissioners, and charged upon the said Rates or Assessments, to be had and holden by him the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from this Day of

with Interest for the fame, at per Centum per

4 Annum, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied. In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this Day of

And every such Mortgage, and the Assignment of the fame, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

Securities

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Person may be trans- or Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed fexred. as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to assign over and transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons; which Assignment or Transfer shall or may be in the Words, or to the Effect following:

(videlicet)

Form of T A.B. do hereby assign or transfer the within Mortgage, and all my

Transfer. 4 ’Right and Title in and to the Principal Money, and Interest, thereby

secured unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of A. B.*

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Commissioners within Three Calendar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, for which Entry the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, such Assignment or Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign and transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making such Assignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Money due thereon; and the Expence of such Securities shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies to arise by the Rates and Assessments by this Act authorized to be collected and raised.

For providing a Fund for paying off Securities.

XXI. Provided always, That in case any Sum or Sums of Money shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest on the Credit of the Rates or AtfeflT-

ments

875

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

ments hereby authorized to be made, that then and in every such Case a further Sum or Sums of Money, equal to One-tenth Part of the Money which may be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, shall be also borrowed and taken up at Interest in like Manner, and at the same Time; and the fame, together with such Saving from the said Rate3 or AsseflYnents as at each such General annual Meeting of the said Commissiorters as aforesaid shall appear to have arisen and remain unapplied, after all the Purposes of this Act to that Time shall have been answered and satisfied, shall from Time to Time, when the same shall amount to Fifty Pounds or upwards, be vested in the Purchase of Stocks or Annuities in the Public Funds, in the Name or Names of the Mayor of the said City, or any Three of the said Commissioners for the Time being respectively, and that the Interest, Dividends, Proceed, and Produce thereof, when and as the same shall arise or become due and be received, shall from Time to Time be also laid out and inverted in like Manner, as soon as may be, in the Purchase of the like Stocks or Annuities, so that a Fund maybe thereby provided for the Satisfaction and Discharge of the Principal Money to be borrowed under or by virtue of the Powers of this Act; and when such accumulated Fund shall amount to a sufficient Sum for that Purpose, the Stocks or Annuities whereon the same shall or may be then inverted shall be fold and disposed of, and by and out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which may have been borrowed under or by virtue of the Powers of this Act, shall be wholly paid off and discharged: Provided always, that in case the said Commissioners assembled at any such General Annual Meeting as aforesaid, shall determine or fee Occasion for the raising of any further Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of lighting, cleansing, and watching the said City, and such accumulating Fund as aforesaid shall then amount to and be capable of raising, on such Sale thereof, the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds or upwards, that then the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to direct the Stocks or Annuities whereon the fame may be inverted to be sold and disposed of, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof, for all or any of such last-mentioned Purposes: Provided also, that from and after the Whole of the Money which may be so borrowed and taken up at Interest, under and by virtue of the Powers of this Act as aforesaid, shall have been fully paid off and discharged by the Ways and Means herein-before appointed for that Purpose, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners assembled at any such General Meeting as aforesaid, if they shall see Occasion, to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money in Manner aforesaid, on the Credits of the Rates or Assessments hereby authorized to be made for the like Purposes as the Money which may have been originally borrowed and taken up at Interest thereon shall or may be applied, under and by virtue of the Powers of this Act, and with the like Provision for an accumulating Fund for the Discharge thereof, but so nevertheless that there shall not at any One Time be more than the Sum of One thousand Pounds charged upon the said Rates or Assessments, exclusive of the Money to be borrowed for the Purpose of such accumulating Fund as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, for the more effectual cleansing To make the Squares, Streets, and Passages within the said City, it shall be lawful Drains and for the said Commissioners (by and with the Consent and Approbation of Common the Mayor and Citizens of the said City, signified by some Writing or °"'as'

Instrument

876 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Instrument under their Corporate Seal) to open, make, and repair, or cause to be opened, made, and repaired, in all or any of the Streets or Public Places of the said City, such Drains, Soughs, Common Sewers, and Refer-voirs, as they shall think proper, and for that Purpose to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the making and repairing thereof, and to pay and defray the Expences attending the fame out of the Money to be raised and received under the Authority of this Act.

For prevent-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if, after the passing of this Act,

aoLs :in°^" any Person or Persons shall trail or draw, or cause to be trailed or drawn upon or along any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, or public Roads, within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be conveyed upon such Wheel Carriages to drag upon any Part of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, or Public Roads, within the said City; or shall bring any Honed Horse or Stallion into any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Roads, or Public Passages aforesaid, or in the Market Place or Places of the fame City, otherwise than for the Purpose of puffing through or along the fame, or shall exhibit the fame in any of the Places aforesaid; or shall suffer any Butcher’s Blocks, TIuckfter’s Standings, Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, Wheelbarrow, Trucks, Timber, Bricks, Lime, Stones, Slates, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coal Tubs, Caffs, Crates, Hampers, Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, or any other Materials or Things whatsoever, to be laid or placed, and left to remain in any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes, Roads, Rows, public Passages or Places, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for removing or housing the fame, or for the taking up or setting down Passengers or Persons going into or coming out of any Stage Coach, or for the loading or unloading of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage; or shall caff or throw, or cause to be cart or thrown, any Broken Glass or Earthen Ware, Ashes, Rubbish, Dud, Dirt, Dung, Filth, Soap-lees, or any other Nuisance, Annoyance, or ObdruQion whatsoever, into, or laid in any of the said Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Roads, public Passages or Places, or shall leave any Cellar Doors open therein, or shall drive, draw, carry, or place in any of the Rows, or on any of the Footways of any of the said Squares, Streets, City Walls, Lanes, Ways, public Passages or Places, any Cart, Wheelborrow, Handbarrow, Wheel, Sledge, Truck, or Carriage, or wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse or other Bead or Cattle therein or thereon; or shall cause any Bull, Bear, Badger, or other Bead, to be baited or worried in any of the Streets, Rows, or Squares within the said City, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Five Shillings, to be recovered as after mentioned; and it shall also be lawful for any Person or Persons to seize and detain any such Cart, Carriage, Wheelbarrow, or other Matters, and also to impound any such Horse, Mare, Mule, Afs, Swine, Bead, or other Cattle, in the Common Pound of the said City, or in such other Place as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, and the same to detain in the said Pound or Places, until the Penalty and the Expences of impounding, seizing, and detaining the same shall be fully paid and satisfied; and in case such Penalty, and all Expences attending the levying thereof, shall not be paid within Four Days next after such Seizure, or after such Horse, Mare, Mule, Afs, Swine, Bead, or other Cattle, shall be so impounded, it shall be lawful for

877

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to fell, or cause to be sold, such Horse, Mare,

Mule, Afs, Swine, Beall, Cattle, or other Things so distrained or seized, returning the Overplus fif any be) to the Owner thereof, after such Penalty, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such impounding.

Seizure, and Distress, shall be deducted and paid.

XXIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Power to lay no Person shall be subject to any Penalty by virtue of this AG, on account Building of any Building Materials, Rubbish, or Dirt, being in any of the said Materials. Squares, Streets, Lanes, Roads, Rows, publick Passages or Places, before

the House or Tenement of such Persons, occasioned by the building, pulling down, rebuilding, or repairing such House or Tenement, so that there be convenient Room (to be set out and ascertained by One or more of the Surveyors appointed in or to be appointed by virtue of this AG) left for Carriages to pass and repass, and a i’ufhcient Wav kept clear for the passing and repafiing of Foot Passengers, by the Person or Persons laying or occasioning such Building Materials, Rubbish, or Dirt, to be laid, and so that, during the Time the same shall be laying as aforesaid, such Owner or Occupier shall effectually inclose the fame with Polls and Rails, and set up and maintain a Light during the Night Time, to prevent Accidents or Mischief happening to Passengers or Cattle, and so that the Owner or Occupier of such House or Tenement do cause such Materials, Rubbish, and Dirt, to be removed out of such Square, Street, Lane, Road, Row', or Place, after such building, pulling down, rebuilding, or repairing of such Houses or Tenements, shall be respectively finished within the Time to be fixed by a Notice in Writing, signed by any Two of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, and given to or left at the Dwelling House or lall Place of Abode of the Owner or Occupier of such Houses, Tenements, or Buildings.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Commission. passing of this AG, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to fix and errs f" aPfujllt appoint seasonable, proper, and convenient Time or Times for emptying *lt!" R^.^oval any Boghouse, or for taking away any Night Soil from any House or other of fji.rht Building or Place, within or near to any of the Squares, Streets, Rows, Soil, &c. Lanes, Ways, or other Places in the said City, or the Liberties thereof, as they in their Discretion shall think fit, and to direG and order the Mode of doing thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall empty any Boghouse, or take away any such Night Soil as aforesaid, from any House or other Building or Place within, in, or near to any of the said Squares, Streets, Rows,

Lanes, Ways, or other Places in the said City, or the Liberties thereof, at any Time or Times other than such as shall be so fixed and appointed as aforesaid, or shall do the fame in any other Mode, or in any other Sort of Conveyance or Conveyances than shall be directed and ordered by the said Commissioners; or if any Person shall put or call, or cause to be put or call any such noisome or offensive Matter out of any Cart, Tub, or any other Carriage or Thing, in or near any of the said Squares, Streets, Lanes,

Ways or Places, or shall convey or cause to be conveyed any such noisome or olfenlive Matter in any Tub, Cart, or other Carriage or Thing, along or through any of the said Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Ways, Passages or Places, at any other Time than within the Time or Times to be so fixed and appointed by the said Commissioners, every Person so offending shall for Loc. is? Per.'] 10 N each

878

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses.

Declaring Inhabitants to be competent Witnessfesin all Actions concerning the Execution of the Ad.

Manner how

pecuniary Offences are to be determined.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

each Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before the said Commissioners, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace adding in and for the said City of Chester, touching any Matter or Thing contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this or the said recited Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye' Law made in pursuance thereof, whether on the Part of the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, or of the Person or Persons complained of (and which Sutnmonfes the said C.ommissioners, and Justice or Justices, are hereby authorized to issue), where, and in such Cases only as such Commissioners, or such Justice or Justices are made competent by this or the said recited Act to hear and determine the fame, or if appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and to give Evidence before the said Commissioners, or before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cases every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor leis than Twenty Shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, Enquiries, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, or of any Rule, Order, or Bye Law, made in pursuance thereof, any Inhabitant of the said City and Liberties shall, and is hereby declared to be a competent Witness, and be admitted to give Evidence, and to act as a Juryman, notwithstanding his or her being such Inhabitant, and notwithstanding the Rates or Assessments made and charged, or to be made and charged as aforesaid upon any such Inhabitant, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said City, or the Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of this Act, to hear and determine any of the Offences (not herein or by the said recited Act directed to be otherwise heard) which are made subject to and punishable by any pecuniary Penalties, directed by this or the said recited Act, and upon any Information or Complaint (which shall in all Cases be made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed) exhibited before any such Justice or justices or Commissioners, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witnesses on either Side, to be and appear before him or them, or any other Justice or Justices, or Commissioners, at such Time and Place in the said City, not exceeding Three Days exclusive from the Date of such Summons, as shall be therein appointed, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing according to such Summons, it shall and may be lawful for any One such Justice or Justices, or Commissioners, upon such Summons being first proved, to proceed to the Examination of any Witness or Witnesses on Oath, which he and they is and are hereby empowered to administer, and to hear the Circumstances of the Cafe, and thereupon, or upon Confession of the Party, to give and sign such C.onviction and Judgment for the Forfeiture and Payment of such Penalty, or to acquit the Party accused for want of due Proof of the Offence, as shall be just and conformable to the Tenor and true Meaning

879

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

ing of this and the said recited Act; and which Conviction and Judgment any such Justice or Justices, or Commissioners, is and are hereby empowered; to draw up and record according to the Form, or to the Effect following: (that is to say)

‘ City of Chrjhr, T) E it remembered. That on this Day

‘ and County oO U of in the year of the Reign of

tie ime y' His present Majesty, A.B. is convicted before me S.T. ‘ One of His [or, before us, S. T. and W. S. Two of His] Majesty's Juf-< tices of the Peace in and for the said City of Chester, and County of the i fame City [or, before us, being Seven of the Commissioners acting in t the Execution of an Act, intituled] [fit forth the Title of this Act] [spe-t cifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was t committed, as the Case may bc~] and I, the said Justice [or, we, the said t Justices, or Commissioners] do adjudge him to forfeit and pay the Sum t of and also the Sum of for Costs, the said Costs to be paid to Given under my Hand and Seal

t [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year above written.’

Which Conviction shall not be vacated or quashed, or any Advantage taken thereof for want of Form therein, or by reason of any Irregularity in the Proceedings previous to or on the making of any such Judgment or Conviction; and where the Party or Parties so accused shall be convicted upon or by reason of any such Information and Complaint, then the Penalty or Forfeiture wherein he, she, or they shall be so severally convicted, and all and every other Penalties and Forfeitures by this or the said recited Act: incurred and imposed (the Manner of recovering and levying whereof is not otherwise thereby or hereby particularly directed), shall and may be recovered and levied, with the Costs of the Conviction, and levying thereof by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said City, or the said Commissioners, which he or they are hereby empowered and required to make; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be immediately found within the said City, then it shall be lawful for any One or more such Justice or Justices, or such Commissioners, and he or they are hereby required and empowered, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to apprehend and cause to be apprehended any such Offender or Offenders so convicted in or liable to pay any such Penalty or Penalties hereby appointed and directed, either within the said City of Chester, or in any other City, County, or Place; and by force of such Warrant to convey or commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of any such City, County, or Place wherein any such Offender or Offenders shall or may be apprehended, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if he, she, or they had been originally apprehended and committed within the said City of Chester, there to be and remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they shall have fully paid any such Penalty or Forfeiture, together with the Costs and Charges incurred by such Means as aforesaid, touching the Recovery thereof, to be ascertained by One Justice of the said City of Chester, or the said Commissioners; and all and every the several Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be incurred and recovered by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and which are not herein or thereby directed to be otherwise wholly ap-

FormofCon-

ridlion.

Not to be quashed for want of Form.

Penalties and Forfeitures, how to be recovered and applied.

8So 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

plied, shall be paid and applied immediately from and after the Recovery anti Payment thereof, as follows: (that is to say) One Moiety thereof to any Inch Informer or Informers against: the Offender or Offenders, in such Shares or Parts as the Justice or Justices, or Commissioners, before and by whom any such Conviction shall be made, shall order and direct, and the other Moiety thereof to be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissioners for the Time being, or to any other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, for the Uses and Purposes in this and the said recited Act mentioned.

Charges of

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the necessary Charges which tobercim>,1S incurred in and about the Prosecution of all and every Offender

burfech and Offenders against this or the said recited Act (over and above what shall be recovered from such Offender and Offenders, or by Distress as aforesaid) shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised or received by virtue hereof, under the Directions of the Commissioners ordering such Prosecutions, provided that such Prosecution was commenced and authorized by Order of the said Commissioners.

Appeal.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been either by this or the said recited Act already appointed) such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said City of Chester, at their General or Quarter Session to be held for the said City, within the Space of Seven Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Twenty Days Notice at leaf! of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within Ten Days next after such Notice given, enter into a Recognizance before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of Chester, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at such General or Quarter Session, and to abide the Order of and pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Session; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a luminary Way, and shall award such Costs to either Party as they shall think proper; and the Determination of the Justices at such Session shall be final and binding upon all Parties.

Proceedings

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Order touching or con-uot to be re- cerning the Matters aforesaid, or any of the Proceedings to be had touch-niovt-ible, or ing the Conviction of any Offender against this or the said recited /Vet, w ri't oflal t)e removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro-

Forai. eels whatever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJlniinsler, or elsewhere; and that where any Distress shall be made for any S,um of Money to be levied by virtue of this or the said recited Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Deleft or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, Appointment of Commissioners, or other Proceeding relating the reunto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespalier

88i

4^ GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

rtr Trespasser ab initio, on account of any subsequent Irregularity in the Proceedings of the Person or Persons making such Distress, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover such Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action on the Cafe.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Com- Allowing the missioner or Commissioners named or appointed in and by virtue of this Act, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the officers to laid Commissioners, against whom any Action shall be brought for any plead the Ge-Thing done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this and the said re- neral 1<sue’. cited Act, to plead the General Issue to any such Action, and to give this ^afn'Evi* and the said recited Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at the Trial deuce, of any such Action, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action is brought was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this or the said recited Act; and if a Verdict is given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit at Law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Writ shall be filed out against, nor any Copy of any Process at the Suit of any Person shall be served on any Commissioner or Commissioners named or appointed in or by virtue of this Act, or against any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this or the said recited Act, until Notice in Writing of such intended Writ or Process shall have been delivered to such Commissioner or Commissioners, or other Person or Persons; and also to the Treasurers of the said Commissioners, or to One of them, in case there shall be more Treasurers than One, or left at his and their usual Place of Abode by the Attorney or Agent of the Party who intends to sue or cause the same to be sued out, and served at least One Calendar Month before the suing out and serving the fame, in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Names and Places of Abode of the Party or Parties intending to sue or cause the same to be sued, and the Cause of Action which such Party or Parties hath or have, or claimeth or claim to have against such Commissioner or Commissioners, Person or Persons, on which laid Notice the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode, shall be indoried or underwrote.

And no Process shall issue against them, unless previous Notice shall have been given t® such Commissioners, Clerk, &c.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Tender of to and for such Commissioner or Commissioners, Person or Persons, at any sufficient Time within One Calendar Month after such Notices given as aforesaid, Amends 'd7 to tender Amends to the Party or Parties complaining, or to his, her, or HaMuVucli*11 their Agent or Attorney, and in case the fame is not accepted, to plead Action, such Tender in bar to any Action to be brought against him or them, grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the General Issue of Not Guilty, and any other Plea with the Leave of the Court; and if upon Issue joined thereon the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficienc, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action, or in case Judgment shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants on Demurrer, such Defendant [_Loc, is? Per.J to 0 or

882

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

or Defendants shall be entitled to the like Cods as he or they would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the General Issue only:; and if upon Issue so joined the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the fame were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defendants on such other Plea or Pleas, that they shall give a Verdictt for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Damages as they shall think proper, which he, she, or they shall recover, together with his, her, or their Cods of Suit.

Plaintiffs not to recover without Proof of Notice.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover any Verdict against such Commissioner or Commissioners, Person or Persons, in any Case where the Action shall be grounded on any Act of the Defendant or Defendants, in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, and by the Authority thereof, unless it is proved on the Trial of such Action that such Notice was given as aforesaid; but in Default thereof such Defendant or Defendants shall recover a Verdict and Cods as aforesaid.

ComrtiSion-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Commissioner or crsneglecting Commissioners, Person or Persons, shall neglect to tender any Amends, tice'to be°at or haye tendered infuflicient Amends before the Action brought, it Liberty to " shall be lawful for him or them, by Leave of the Court where such Action pay Money shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such into Court1. Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

No Evidence

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be given to be given by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on the Trial of any such Action as aforesaid,

bat what 13 c>y any c.ause of Action, except such as is contained in the Notice hereby

mentioned in ‘

the Notice, directed to be given.

Nothing in

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained 'ff *n an^ hlanner take away, alter, lessen, prejudice, or defeat any

Powers of Law or Statute now in Force for repairing of Highways or Roads within the General this Kingdom, or the Rights, Powers, Authorities, or Privileges of or be-

Turnpike longing to the Corporation or Juries of the said City of Chester, or of

Act, &c. the Guardians of the Poor appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act.

For extend-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act and this »l£h1r ^kCt *u the carrying into complete Execution the Purposes thereof iwAfti'r' respectively, be construed together, and ail and every the Powers, Au-thie. thorities, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Matters, and Things in the said recited Act contained (except such as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed), or when other and different Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Regulations are made, given, imposed, or enacted by this Act, shall be and remain in full Force, and shall extend and apply to this Act, and all the Purposes therein mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein separately repeated and re-enacted, and made Part of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 883

[Publick Act.]

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, though the fame should not be specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803,

KJ.

V.

> .

v ' - -1

,: ik . y»ii...v - > oi

o

0\

liK

' '

H V

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTJO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»i stt t*

Cap. 48.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of He-tfiingborough, in the East Riding of the same County.

[27th May 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge near the Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of Yoik, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the same County, whereby certain Persons therein named were declared to be One Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of Selby Bridge, and were authorized and empowered to build, support, and maintain a Bridge, with Toll Houses and other necessary Works and Conveniencies, near a certain Ferry over the River Ouse, from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the same County; and the said Company ot Proprietors were by the said Act authorized to raise and contribute among them* selves, in such Proportions as they should think proper, a competent Sum of Money for building and maintaining the said Bridge and other Works and Conveniencies belonging or requisite thereto, not exceeding the Sum \_Loc. & Per.~\ to P of

Geo. ji

886

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Seven thousand Pounds; and in case the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds should be found insufficient for building and compleating the said Bridge and other the Works and Purposes thereby authorized to be made and done, the Paid Company of Proprietors were by the said Act enabled to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Manner in the said Act mentioned, any further or other Sum of Money for compleating and perfecting the said Bridge and other the Works and Purposes thereby directed to be done, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors were authorized by the said Act to take and receive, for their Use and Benefit, for Pontage as or in the Name of a Toll or Duty, before any Passage over the said Bridge should be permitted, the several Tolls therein mentioned: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused to be made and built the said Bridge, and other the several Works and Purposes thereby directed to be done and executed, and have therein expended not only the Whole of the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds and Three thousand Pounds, but have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Act, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Bridge and Works supported and maintained, unless the Tolls by the said Act authorized to be taken and received are repealed, and other additional Tolls granted instead thereof: And whereas certain Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act are defective, and it is requisite that the fame should be altered and amended; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-

K*eaiedT°n* and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Tolls or

Duties authorized to be demanded and taken by the said recited Act, for Pontage, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed.

New Tolls. H. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, receive, take, and recover, to and for their own Use and Behoof for Pontage, as or in the Name of a Toll or Duty before any Passage either on Foot or with Horses, Carts, or Carriages whatsoever, shall be permitted over the said Bridge, the several Sums following; (that is to say),

Tolls. For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaise, Calash*

or Chair, drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of 1'hree Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or other Boasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, laden or unladen, drawn by Eight Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Seven Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling

and

887

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

anti Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Foot Passenger whatsoever, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Dr*ve of Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And For all Cows and Horned or Neat Cattle, each One Penny.

Which said several Tolls or Duties for Pontage by this Act authorized to be taken, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and shall be applied for putting the said recited and this Act into Execution, subject to the annual Rent or Sum of Twenty-five Pounds by the said recited Act made payable to the Right Honourable Robert Edward Lord Petre, his Heirs or Assigns, out of the Tolls thereby granted for the Purposes, and to be recovered by such Ways and Means as in and by the said recited Act is mentioned and directed; and the Tolls hereby granted, and every Part thereof, shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisoes, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in and by the said recited Act with respect to the Tolls thereby and hereby air horized to be taken, but subject nevertheless to this Act, and the Provisions and Regulations herein contained.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll shall betaken or demanded for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead, drawing the fame, which shall be employed or used in fetching Gravel, Stones, or other Materials, for repairing and amending the Highways within the Towrrship of Barlby.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter come upon the Ascents or Approaches of the said Bridge, on the Barlby Side thereof, with any Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, and take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or Horses from such Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or having come upon the Ascents or Approaches of the said Bridge, on the Barlby Side thereof, shall leave or get out of any Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or leave any Horse or Horses laden or unladen on the Barlby Side of the said Bridge, or shall get into or upon any Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or upon any Horse or Horses which shall be going or passing over the said Bridge, in order or with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, or shall do any Act or Thing whatsoever with such Intent, every Person offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend in any Shape to charge the Inhabitants of the several Towns of Selby, Barlby, OJgodby, Lund Cliff, Hemingborough, Hag-thorp, Babthorp, Brackenbolm, Woodball, Bowthorp, Menthorp, North Duf-

field.

Certain Exemptions from Toll.

Penalty on evading the Toll.

Inhabitants cf Ba'ly, exonerated.

888

Recovery of

Penalties and Forfeitures.

[Publick Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

field. South Duff eld, Shipwith, and Riccall, with the Payment of the Tolls by this Act granted for passing or repairing over the said Bridge more than Once in Twenty-four Hours, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock of the preceding Night.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures hereby or by the said recited Act inflicted orimposed, or which shall be inflicted by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law to be made in pursuance thereof (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not therein otherwise directed) shall, in case of Non-payment thereof on Conviction of the Offenders respectively, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said East or West Riding of the said County of York, or in any other County, Riding, or Place where any such Offender shall be or reside; and every such Justice is hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses on Oath, and hear and determine the fame; and all Penalties and Forfeitures (the Application whereof is not by the said recited Act otherwise directed) shall be paid, One Moiety. thereof to the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Penalties or Forfeitures and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained on Demand; and for want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, withuui specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

I

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

t*-

Cap. 49.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Loftfome Ferry, from the Parish of Wrejfel, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[27th May 1803.]

WHEREAS the PafBge over the River Derwent, at or near Loftfome Ferry, in the East Riding of the County of York, is very inconvenient and dangerous, and not suited to the Accommodation of Passengers from either Side; and the building of a Bridge over the said Riyer at or near the said Ferry, from the Parish of Wrejfel, in the said East Riding, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Heming-brough, in the fame Riding, will be of great Convenience to all Persons who may have Occasion to travel that Road, and also cf great publick Utiiity and Advantage: And whereas the Right Honourable George O'Brien Earl of Egremont is Owner of the Lands and Grounds adjoining the said Ferry in the said Parish of Wrejfel, and also Owner of One Moiery of the said Ferry, and Humphrey Ojbaldston Esquire, is Owner of the Lands and Grounds adjoining the said Ferry in the Parish of Hemingbrough, and also Owner of the other Moiety of the Ferry: And whereas the several Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own C'ofts (JLoc. 1$ Per.~\ 10 and

Sgo 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

and Charges, to build a Bridge over the said River near the said Ferry, and to keep the fame in Repair; and the said George O’ Brien Fir I of Egremont and Humphrey QJbaldefton have contented to give up their Right and Interest in the 1'aid Ferry, in Consideration of such Recompence to be made to them in respect thereof as is herein-ascer mentioned, but the Purpose aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Company of That, from and after the passing of this Act, The Right Honourable Proprietors. George O’Brien Earl of Egremont, Humphrey OJbaldeflon Esquire, John Foster, John Claridge, Robert Spofforth, John Eland, William Penrose, William Coatts, William Jubb, Robert Foster, James Craven, Robert Spofforth the younger, John Peirfon, John Wation, Ricba'd Waterworth, William Burton, John Reeves, Thomas Wikeley, Joseph Holmes, and John Calvert, and their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, are and shall be united into a Company for building a Bridge over the faicj River Derwent at or near Loftfome Ferry aforesaid, from the P.irish of Wreffel, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the said Riding, as herein-after is mentioned, and for repairing the fame, and for executing the several other Powers vested in them by this Aftj and shall for these Purposes be and are hereby declared to be One Body Politick and Corporate by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of Loftfome Bridge, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, and shall and may iue and be sued in all Courts and Places within this Realm, and shall and n y do all other Acts, Matters, and Things whatsoever in as full and ample Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate within this Realm can or may as such lawfully do; and that in every Suit to be commenced against the said Company of Proprietors, the Process being served upon their Treasurer or Clerk shall be deemed sufficienc Service upon the said Proprietors.

Power to build

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-To'ntouies Pany of Proprietors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered,

and other at their own proper Costs and Charges, by themselves and their Deputies,

Conveni-nd Agents, Officers, Workmen, Servants, and others, to build a good and

encies. substantial Carriage Bridge, of Timber or Wood, across the said River

Derwent, from the said’Parish of Wreffel in the said East Riding, to the opposite Shore in the said Parish of Hemingbrough in the fame Riding, at any Place or Places within the said Parishes, and as near the present Ferry as conveniently may be; and also One or more Toll House or Toll Houses near thereto, in the said Parish of Wreffel, with proper Conveniences thereto; and also to make a proper Ascent or Approach to the said Bridge on each End or Side thereof, not exceeding the Distance of One hundred Yards, fit and proper for the Passage of Travellers, Carts, Cattle, and Carriages, and that such Ascents and Approaches to the said Bridge, at each Ead thereof, shall to all Intents and Purposes be considered as Part and Par.cel of the said Bridge; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby also fully authorized, empowered, and required, at their own proper Costs and Charges, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein, to support, maintain, and keep-the said Bridge, Toll House or Toll Houses,

: > t. Conveniences,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. S91

Conveniences, and Ascents or Approaches to the said Bridge, for ever, in good and sufficient Repair; and for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority, by themselves, their Servants, Agents, Workmen, and others, to remove any Shelves or other Obstiuftions in the said River, and also to dig up, take, and carry away all Beds of Gravel, Sand, Mud, or other Impediments, and to deepen and widen the said River between the said Parish of IVreJfel and the of-pofite Shore in the said Parish of Heminglrough, if ir shall be thought necessary so to do, and also to dig and cut the Banks of the said River in such Manner as shall be necessary and proper for the building of the said Bridge and preserving the fame, and the Navigation of the said River near and under the said Bridge free and open, and to work, dig for, get, take, carry away, and make use of, any Stone, Sand, Gravel, or other Materials, from and out of any Quarry, Lands, or Grounds, lying near or adjoining to the said River, (the fame not being Land or Ground whereon any House (lands, or inclosed for an Orchard or Garden to a House, and not otherwise necessary to be pulled down or laid open for the Purposes of this Act), be it the Soil or Ground of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick,

Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever; and to erect and make, in or over Toaitrrand the said River and the Lands adjoining or near to the fame, any Camp-(hots. Trenches, or Landing Places, and to amend, alter, turn, or remove the raid any Foot Bridge, Foot Path, or Horse Path, and to turn, widen, or alter BndSei any Highway, or make any new Road leading to the said intended Bridge, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to do all other Acts,

Matters, and Things necessary and convenient for erecting and maintaining the said Bridge, Toll House or Toll Houses, Conver.iencies, Ascents, and Approaches, hereby authorized to be erected and made, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; they the said Company and frit making the several Persons acting under or employed by them, doing as little Sallslaction-Damage as may be, and making Satisfaction and Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments that shall be made use of, dug, damaged, or prejudiced by, for, or upon account of erecting and maintaining the said Bridge, or setting out, making, or repairing any such Approaches or Roads as aforesaid, or preserving and improving the same, and the Navigation of the said River near to the said Bridge, or by, for, or upon account of turning, widening, altering, and making any Paths or Highways as aforesaid, or by, for, or upon account of the doing and performing of any other Act,

Matter, or Thing in this Act authorized and directed to be made, done, or performed.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- Materialstobe pany of Proprietors, their Agents, Officers, Servants, and Workmen, from ^wrought’ Time to Time, and at all Times from and after the passing of this Act, at upon Land* their Will and Pleasure, to bring, place, lay, work, and use any Timber, ‘ehe Stone, Brick, Lime, or other Materials, for building and erecting, or for ' repairing or rebuilding the said Bridge, or for executing any other of the Purposes of this Act, in, upon, through, and over any Common or Waste Grounds within Two hundred Yards of the said Bridge, without making any Recompence for so doing; and also in, upon, through, and over any private Lands or Grounds, within Two hundred Yards of the said Bridge, doing as little Damage to such private Lands or Grounds as may be, and making Satisfaction for such Damage to the Owners and Occupiers of such . , Lands

892

Power to get Materials.

Bodies Corporate, etc. empowered to fell.

Commissioners appointed to determine Differences.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Lands or Grounds; and in case of Dispute touching the Quantum of such Damage, and the Satisfaction to be made for the fame, such Dispute shall be settled by the Commissioners herein-after appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, by themselves or their Officers, Agentr, Strvants, or Workmen, or any of them, to dig, gather, take, burn, or manufacture, any Quantity of Clay or Sand to be ulrd in erecting, building, or repairing the said Bridge, and for other the Purposes of this Act, in, out of, from, and upon the Common and Waste Grounds within the said several Parishes of Wreffel and Hemingbrough, without paying any Thing for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guaruians, Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, and all other Trustees whatsoever, for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Coverts, Ccjluiqus Trusts, or other Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Coverts wHo are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all and evey other Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of any Tenure whatsoever, which may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, or agree with the said Company of Proprietors for the Purchase thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, or for any Sum or Sums of Money by way of annual Rent for the lame, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be lo made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purs poses, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter.or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding , and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, and Trustees, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the said East Riding of the said County of York for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and in case there should not be any Commissioners of the Land Tax for the said East Riding, then the Commissioners of Taxes within the said Riding, or any Three or more of them, shall be and they are hereby courtituted and appointed Commissioners for settling, determining, and adjusting all Differences which shall happen or arise between the said Company ot Proprietors and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, touching and concerning the Recempence and Satisfaction which shall be made to them or any of them for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of what Nature or Tenure, necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and to adjust and settle what Share and Proportion of such Recompence and Satisfaction every Tenant cr Person having a particular Estate, Term, or Interest in any of such Premises, shall have or receive for his, her, or their respective Interest and Damages, and for the Damages they or any of them shall sustain by and upon Account of the erecting and

maintaining

893

43° GEORGII III. Gap. 49.

maintaining the said Bridge, or setting out, making, or repairing any such Approaches or Roads as aforesaid, or the doing or performing any of the Matters or Things in the Act authorized to be done and performed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owner, Proprietor, if Partlw Occupier, Trustee or Trustees, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or any other Person or Per- by a jury, fons interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, upon Fourteen Days Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses or last Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interests therein, or for an annual Rent to be paid for the same, or through Disability by reason of Nonage, Coverture, Estate Tail, or other Impediment whatsoever, cannot make an effectual or valid Agreement, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating as aforesaid, then and in every or any such Case the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men, what Damages will be sustained by, and what Satisfaction and Recompence shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers* and Proprietors of or other Person or Persons respectively interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in order thereto the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to issue their Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff of the Lid County of York for the Time being, thereby requiring him to impannel, summon, and return a Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Twenty-four nor more than Forty-eight, which Persons such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return accordingly, and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, a Jury of Twelve shall be drawn by such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or some Person to be by them, or any Three or more of them, appointed in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are directed to be drawn; which Persons (o to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, are hereby required to appear before the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed (of which Time and Place all Parties interested shall have Fourteen Days Notice given or less in Manner as aforesaid) and to attend them from Day to Day till they shall be discharged by such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them j and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen* and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered, by Prefix. ft? Per.2 10 R cept

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Cept or Precepts under their Hands from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to call before them any Person or Persons, in order to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses upon Oath before the said Commissioner.q or any Three or more of them, or before such Jury, touching and concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or mure of them, if they shall think (it, shall and may cause the said jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places in Que-ftion, and shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties, to attend until the Matters for. which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empo wered and required to administer) shall inquire touching the Value of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of the respetflive Estates and Interests of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, seised or possessed of or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, or the Damages which shall or may be done to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamerfrs, by the doing or performing of any of the Matters and Things in this Act authorized to be dune and performed, and shall assess the Sum or Sums, Rent or Rents to be- paid to every such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or'Sole, for such their Estates and Interests, and as a Compensation or Satisfaction for the Damages they shall sustain as aforesaid} and the said 'Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money, Rent or Rents so to be affdled; and the Verdict or Inquisition of such Juries, and the Judgements, Orders, and Decrees thereupon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, upon and against all Parties or Persons whomsoever, as well absent as present, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate cr Sole, claiming any Edate. Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest, in, to, or out of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, either in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy', or otherwise, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunaiicks, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, and all other Cestuique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and upon and against all other Persons whatsoever; and all and every such Owners, Occupiers, and Proprietors, and all and every Person and Persons interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby, after Payment or Tender and Refusal or Neglect in Manner as herein-after mentioned, be from thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes diverted of all Right, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and Two Transcripts of all such Verdicts or Inquisitions and Judgements, Orders, or Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries, so to be made, given, or pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed and sealed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, making and pronouncing the fame; One of which Transcripts shall be forthwith transmitted to the said Company of Proprietors, their Treasurer, or Clerk, and the other to the Clerk of the Peace for the said East Riding, to be carefully preserved and filed amongst the Records of the said Riding} and the said

Transcripts,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.9. 895

Transcripts, so signed and sealed, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the said Transcripts, or true Copies thereof signed and proved to be signed by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, shall be good and effectual Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, and all Persons may have Recourse to the fame gratis, and take Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding the Sum of Two-pence for every Seventy-two Words, and so proportionably for every greater Number of Words , and upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by such Juries, and adjudged or decreed by such Commissioners to the Party or Parties concerned or entitled thereto as aforesaid, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, Attorney or Attorn'ies, or legal Tender thereof made to him or them, and Refusal to accept the fame i or in case any such Person or Persons, after Fourteen Days Notice given to him, her, or them, or left at the House of the Occupier of the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, then upon Payment thereof into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands appoint, for the Use of the Party or Parties interested as aforesaid, and to be paid upon Demand to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their known Agent or Agents; or after such annual Rent or Rents shall be so afiefled, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to have, hold, use, and enjoy such Lands* Tenements, or Hereditaments, to and for their own Use and Benefit, and to and for their Agents, Servants, and Workmen, to make Use of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other Premises, for the Purposes of this Art-, and this'Art shall be sufficient to indemnify, as well the said Commissioners as the said Company of Proprietors, and all and every Person or Persons by them or any of them authorized and empowered therein, orarting under them, against any such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Number of if a sufficient Jurymen shall not appear to be sworn for the Purposes of this Act, the said Number of Shciiff or his Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the no7at'end° Sranders-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, as the jury to shall be necessary to make up the Number of Twelve to serve on such fre0m*heUp Jury; and all Persons concerned shall from Time to Time have their law- Stsnders-by. ful Challenges as aforesaid, against any such Jurymen, when they shall come to be sworn; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, acting in the Premises, shall have full Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies,

Bailiffs or Agents, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, respectively making , Default in the Premises, or upon any Person or Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and (except for some reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them) shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on any such Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his or their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty in the Premises, contrary ro the true Intent and Meaning of this Art, and likewise upon such Person or Persons summoned as aforesaid to give Evidence, who shall (except as aforesaid) neglect or refuse to appear at such Time or Times,

Place

896

ers or Jury not to act where interested.

Proprietor! not to take Possession of Premises till Payment of purchase Money

A pplication of Compensation Money when amounting to 200/»

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Place or Places, as shall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid* or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or give Evidence, or to be examined by or before the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them; and from T'me to Time to levy such Fine or Fines by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons offending in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to be directed to the Cghstable or other Peace Officer of the Township, Parish, or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside; which Constable, or other Peace Officer, is hereby required to execute the fame, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Five Pounds: Provided always,.that no Person or Persons whomsoever shall act as a Commissioner or Commissioners in any Case where he or they is or are anyways directly or indirectly interested or concerned, of or in the Matter or Matters in question; nor shall any Person whomsoever be sworn to serve on a Jury, or be examined as a Witness, where he or she is anyways directly or indirectly interested in any Matter in question whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall not take or cause to be taken Possession of, or enter into or cause to be entered into, any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, until ftlch Payment or Deposit of the Recompence or Satisfaction so assessed and adjudged shall be made as aforesaid, or, in case of Rent, until the same shall be assessed and adjudged as aforesaid, otherwise than for surveying, taking a Level of, and marking out the Ground which they intend to make use of for the Purposes aforesaid; and that it (halt be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, by their Workmen, Surveyors, and other proper Assistants, from Time to Time, and at every convenient Time to do, they doing the reby as little Damage as may be, and giving Four Days Notice to the Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or Possessor cf such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the Time of their coming to make such Survey, or to take such Levels, or to mark out such Ground, in order that such Owner, Occupier, or Possessor, may be present, if he, she, or they, shall think fif, the said Company of Proprietors making Satisfaction for all Damages that shall be done to the Crops of Grass or Corn by making such Survey, taking such Levels, or marking out such Ground, in calc such Damage shall exceed the Value of Five Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Company of Proprietors of Loftfome Bridge, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as Three of the said Commissioners shall by Writing signed by them direct and appoint; to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made

upon

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 897

upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the f.iid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Lind Tax', or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, or to the like Ufe$, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid Hood settled and limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the fame Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application of

so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- Compenfetion taments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- "tool

longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabilicy and mare than or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred zo/l Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such

Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less uitVs'than"o/, £Loc. y Per.] io S than

898 4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case t f Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Paying Ex-

XIII. And be it further enadecl. That in case any Jury or Juries to be pencetotthe fumrn0iied and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Inquisition for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for any such Loss or Damage, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Company of Prop, ietors before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnedes, for ascertaining and determining the Value of any such Right, Property, or Interest, or the Losses or Damages sustained as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the said Company of Proprietors; but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Inquisition for no more or for less Monies than shall have, been agreed to and offered by the said Company of Proprietors before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right,- Interest, or Property in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Lodes or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnedes shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so afleded by the said Jury, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a full and sufficienc Payment or Tender: Provided always, that all and every Person or Persons, who shall fudain any such Damage or Injury, shall apply to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and proceed as herein-before directed to determine and adjust the fame, and the Recompence and Satisfaction to be given in respect thereof within Six Calendar Months after any such Damage done or Injury received, and not afterwards; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Meetings of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting shall be held by the p°'"mbe h"id Commissioners, or any Three of them, for any of the Purposes of tiiin all- this Act, at any Place that shall be above Twency Miles didanc from the

mned Di- place where the Controversy or the Matter to be enquired of shall arise or

tame. . J ‘

happen.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every annual Rent or annual Rents, to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, for any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall from Time to Time, as the same shall become due, be paid by the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors Half-yearly to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto, and I'uch Person or Persons shall have the fame Estate and Interest in such annual Rent or Rents as they would have had to the fame Premises in case this Act had never been passed; and in Default of Payment thereof by the said Company of Proprietors within Thirty Days after the same shall become due (and being lawfully demanded of the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors) it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to the said annual Rent or annual Rents, to commence or prosecute One or more Action or Actions at Law on the Cafe, or for Money had and received against the said Company of Proprietors; and such Person or Persons shall or may, upon such Action or Actions, recover the Money then due, together with the Costs of Suit, and have such Remedies for the same as are allowed by Law in other Cases.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Bridge shall be erected and built, and made fit and proper for the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages, the Right and Interest of the said George Earl of Egremont, and the said Humphrey OJbaldeston, their Heirs and Assigns respectively, in and to the said Ferry, and its Emoluments and Appurtenances, shall cease, determine, and be for ever annihilated; and in Consideration thereof, the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time and at all Times for ever thenafter, out of the Tolls hereinafter granted or authorized to be collected, pay or cause to be paid unto the said George Earl of Egremont, and the said Humphrey OJbaldeston, their Heirs and Assigns respectively, in equal Proportions, the annual Rent of Ten Pounds, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year-, which said annual Rent shall Commence from the Time the said Bridge shall be made passable; and in case of Non-payr.ient thereof, the fame may be recovered by the like Ways and Means as is hereby directed concerning other Rents, Annuities, or yearly Sums, herein-before mentioned and directed to be paid, or by such Ways and Means as are herein-after particularly mentioned and provided for.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until the said Bridge shall be made passable, it shall be lawful for the said George Earl of Egremont, and the said Humphrey OJbaldeston, their Heirs and Assigns respectively, to hold, use, and enjoy the said Ferry, and to receive the Profits thereof, in such and the fame Proportions and Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any or either of the Lid

Half-yearly Payments, or any Part thereof, shall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of Sixty Days after the same shall have become due and payable (Demand thereof having been first made of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Treasurer or Clerk), then it shall be lawful for the said George Earl of Egremont, and the said Humphrey OJbaldeston, their Heirs and Assigns respectively, or their Agents, to enter upon, seize, and , - . take

899

Annual Rents adjudged for Damages to be paid.

Recompence to the Earl of Egremont and Humphrey OJba'deJion, for the Ferry, by an annual Rent.

Until the Bridge is completed, the Ferry may be continued.

If the Earl of Egremont and Mr. OJLalie-ft on are not paid, they may take Possession of the Tolls.

900

Their annual Rent to have a Preference to all other Payments and Charges.

Proprietors may raise 2,400 /.

umongst them-ielves to be divided into Shares.

Shares vested in the Proprietors, who are to have Votes according to the "^Number of shares.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

take Possession of the Gates or Toll Birs for collecting the Tolls payable for passing over the said Bridge or Ferry; and to collect and levy such Tolls in Manner hereby provided for collecfting and levying the fame, for and until such Time as all such Arrears of the said annual Rent, and also until all such Monies as during the Time of such Collection shall have grown due, together with all the Charges and Expences attending such Entry and Collection, shall be thereby fully paid and satisfied.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Half-yearly Payments hereby directed to be made to the said George Earl of Egremont, and the said Humphrey OJba’deston, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, shall have a Priority to all other Debts, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, which shall arise or become due by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and the Tolls or Sums of Money which shall be collecded by or on Bohalt of the said George Earl of Egremont, and Humphrey OJbaldef-ton, their Heirs or Assigns, at the Gates or Toll Bars to be erected on or near the said intended Bridge as aforesaid, shall not be subject or liable to the Payment of any other annual Rent, or any Principal or Interest Monies, or any other Debt due and owing upon the Credit of this Act; but such Tolls and Sums of Money shall trom Time to Time be received and applied for the sole Use and Benefit of the said George Earl of Egremont, and the said Humphrey OJhaldeJion, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, until all such Arrears and Charges shall be from Time to Time fully paid and satisfied.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, to raise and contribute among themselves, and in such Proportions as to them shall seem meet and convenient, any Sum of Money for building the said Bridge, and for olher the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds; and that the same shall be divided into Twenty-four Shares, at a Price not exceeding One hundred Pounds a Share; and that no Person subscribing or becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, do become a Proprietor of less than One Share, (except the same shall come to him or her by Will, or as an Executor or Administrator,or in Right of his Wife, or by some other Act in Law).

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Shares into which the said Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds shall be divided, shall be and the same are hereby verted in the several Persons before named as Proprietors, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, proportionably to the Sum they and each of them shall ft-verally subscribe and pay thereunto, and shall be deemed Personal Estate; and all and every Person and Persons, his, her, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who hath or have already subscribed, or who shall severally subscribe and pay in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or such Sum as shall be demanded in Part thereof, towards building the said Bridge and completing the same, and other the Works and Purposes aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive, after the said Bridge shall be completed, the entire and net Distribution of One Part or Share, proportionate to the Sum so subscribed, of and in the Profits and Advantages ihat shall and may arile and accrue by virtue of the Sum or Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by virtue of this

A Cl,

90i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Act, and Coin Proportion for any greater Number of Shares; and every Person having such Property of One Part or Share in the said Undertaking, and so in Proportion as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum of Money towards carrying on the said Undertaking in the Manner hereby directed and appointed; and every Person shall have Votes, according to the Number of Shares he, she, or they are possessed of in the said Undertaking, and no more, in every publick Meeting to be held as herein-after appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking; which Vote or Votes may be given by any Proprietor or Proprietors either in Person or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, appointed by any Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands; and such Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the Principal or Principals had voted in Person; and whatsoever Question, Election of Officers, or other Matter or Thing, shall be proposed, dif-cuffed, or considered in any publick Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present; and the Chairman at every such Meeting, in case of a Division of equal Numbers shall have the casting Vote, although he shall have voted before; provided that no Person shall vote as Proxy, unless he be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Two thousand four hundred Pounds herein-before authorized to be raised, shall be founded insufficient for building and completing the said Bridge, and other the Works and Purposes hereby authorized to be done, then and in such Case, and not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to raise and contribute among themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Bridge, and other the Works and Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and every Subscriber towards raising such further or other Sum shall have the like Vote, by himself or herself, or his or her Proxy, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land interested in the Profits of the said Undertaking proportionally to the Sum that he, she, or they shall subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised, had been Part of the Sum originally subscribed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, at any of their Meetings assembled to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the said Bridge and Toll Houses, and of the Tolls or Duties to be received by virtue of this Act, as to them shall seem meet and convenient; and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to grant or allign over the said Bridge and Toll Houses, and the Tolls and Duties arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, or any Part of the fame, (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of the said Tolls and Duties), as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons or their Trudi es, who shall advance the fame, under the Common Seal of the said Company, by the following Words, or by any other Words to the fame Effect, videlicet-, [Lee. & Per.] 10 r ‘BY

Power to ra! fe a further Sum*

902

Form of Alignment.

Entrie* of Alignments to be made.

Form of Transfer.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

‘ DY virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of

" His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here insert the ‘Title of this AftJ, we the Company of Proprietors of the said ‘ Bridge, incorporated by and under the said Act, in Consideration of ‘ the Sum of Pounds to us paid by

‘ of do

‘ assign unto the said his, her,

or their Executor?, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns [as the Case

may be and requireJ, the said Bridge, and the Toll Houses thereunto be-‘ longing, with all and every the Materials of the Came Bridge and Houses,

and all and singular the Tolls and Duties thereunto belonging by virtue

of the said Act, and all our Right, Title, and Interest of, in, and to

the fame Bridge, Toll Houses, Tolls, and Duties, to hold unto the said hie, her, or their Executors,

4 Administrators, Successors, and Assigns [as the Case may be and requireJ,

until the said Sum of Pounds, together with the

4 Interest for the fame after the Rate of per Centum

per Annum, be fully paid and satisfird. Given under our Common Seal

the Day of in the Year ot our

4 Lord \

And all and every Person or Persons to whom such Assignment shall be made, shall be equally entitled to his, her, or their Proportion of the said Bridge, Toll Houses, Tolls, and Duties, according to the respective Sums in such Alignment mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by Reason of Priority of such Alignment, or on any other Account whatsoever; and the Money so borrowed shall be applied for and towards the building and completing the said Bridge, and other the Works and Purposes hereby authorized to be done.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That an Entry or Memorial of every such Assignment, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sum and Sums of Money borrowed, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors j which Book or Books may be perused ac all seasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Bridge, or other Persons interested therein, without Fee or Reward; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Assignment shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, may from Time to Time assign or transfer his, her, or their Right and Title to such Principal and Interest to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by an Instrument under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or by an Indorsement on such Security, in the Words or to the Effect following-, (videlicet J,

4 DO transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money thereby secured, and to all Interest now due or hereafter to become due thereon, unto of

‘ his, her, or their Executors, Admi-

nistrators, Successors, and Assigns, [as the Case may require']. Dated this Day of in the Year of our

4 Lord .'

4 Witness

Which

903

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Which faici Transfer or Assignment shall, within Twenty-one Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the Paid Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made of the fame, containing the Dace,

Names of the Parties, and the Sum of Money therein transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the original Alignments (for which Entry such Clerk shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more); and after such Entry made, but not until then, every such Transfer shall entitle such Transferree or Transferrees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns (as the Case may be), to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Transferree or Transferrees may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money to be

which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be paid Half- Paid-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, in Preference to any Dividend

out of the Profits of the said Undertaking due and payable by virtue of this Act to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, and immediately after the annual Rent aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- New Sll()fcri. fons who shall be admitted by the said Company of Proprietors, or the berstobe-major Part of them, as new Subscribers for the said Sum of One thou- jjers'of Viw' sand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall thereupon succeed as a condiment Body. Member or condiment Members of the Body Politick incorporated by

this Act, and as .> Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Company, in the same Manner to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if he, she, or they had actually been appointed by this Act a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the General Meetings of the General and said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act in Execution shall be special Meet-held at the Ferryhouse at Loftfome, or at any other Inn or House within i,n0SwTo'bea"d Seven Miles thereof, which the said Company of Proprietors, or the held, major Part of them, shall at some publick Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, appoint for holding any of the said Meetings; and that the First General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors shall be held at the said Ferryhouse at Loftfome on the Third Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be; and the Second General Meeting of the said Company shall be held on the First Tuesday in November then next ensuing , and the like General Meetings shall be held on the First Tuesday in May and the First Tuesday in November in every Year afterwards, at or before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; but if at any Time it shall appear to any Three or more of such Proprietors, that for the more effectually putting this Act in Execution a Special Meeting of Proprietors is necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for such Three or more of them to cause Notice to be given thereof in One of the York Newspapers, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Meeting direct or appoint, declaring in such Notice the Place where and the Time when such Special Meeting is to be held, the lame being not leis than Ten Days after such Notice given; and likewise specifying in every such Notice the Real'on for and Intention of such Special Meetings respectively; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pur-

fuanc

99+

Committee to be appointed,

and a Treasurer and Clerk.

Subsequent

Committees.

NoCommittee Man to have more than One Vote, except the Chairman.

Committee to be subject to General Meetings.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

suant to such Notices, and proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this AT given them with respect to the Matters lo specified only; and alt such Acts of the said Company of Proprietors at such Special Meeting* assembled, shall be as valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were done at General Meetings here.n-before appointed.

XXVIf. And be it further cnadfed, That at the First General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors herein-before directed to be held, the Proprietors there assembled, together with such Proxies as shall be then produced, or the major Part of such Proprietors and Proxies, shall chuse not more than Twenty nor his than Twelve Persons for the Time being Proprietors of the said Undertaking, which Persons so chosen shall be a Committee to manage, dire £1, and carry on the building of the said Bridge, and the Affairs and Business of the said Proprietors for the Year then next following, or until another Committee shall be appointed, and to do all other Matters and Things whatsoever relating thereto, and particularly such Matters and Things as are by this Act directed to be done by such Committees, and as Hull from Time to Time be ordered by such General or Special Meetings as aforesaid; and at the said first Meeting the said Proprietors and Proxies, or the major Part of them, shall also chuse and appoint a Treasurer without any Salary, and also a Clerk with a fixed Salary, who shall attend the several Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors, and the Meetings of the said Committees, and make Entries of the Proceedings in proper Books to be kept by him for that Purpose, and also do whatsoever shall be ordered at inch Meeting* for the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Committee of Proprietors shall be afterwards annually chosen at the General Meeting of Proprietors, and shall meet Once in every Month (or oftener, if the said Committee shall find it necessary), at a Day, Hour, and Place to be appointed, until the said Bridge shall be completed, and as often afterwards at such Place to be by them appointed (not being at a greater Distance than Seven Miles from the said Bridge), after Seven Days Notice given thereof by the Clefk to the said Company, as Occasion shall require; and in order to defray the Expence of the Meetings of the said Committee, it shall be lawful for the said Committee, and they are hereby allowed to expend or detain to themselves such Sums of Money out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, for their Expences in attending such Meetings, as at fonie previous General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietor shall be lettled and allowed.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Committee shall have more than One Vote in the said Committee, except the Chairman, who shall be chosen by themselves, and who, in case of a Division of equal Numbers, shall have the calling Vote, although he may have given One Vote before.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That such Committee shall from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to, and be subject to the Examination and Controul of the General Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall pay due Obedience to all such Orders and Directions in and about the Premises as shall from Time to Time

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Time be made by the Paid Company of Proprietors at any General Meeting, such Orders and Directions not being contrary to any express Directions or Provisions in this Act contained.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Proprietors shall have Power from Time to Time to make Inch Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to dr fray the Expences of or to carry on the lame, as they shall from Time to Time find necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, so that the first Call by virtue of this Act shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds to be subscribed, and every succeeding Call not to exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Subscription, and so that no Call be made at less Distance than Fourteen Days from each other; which Money so called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, to be paid and applied in such Manner as the said Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct for the building, making, and completing the said Bridge, and other the Works and Purposes aforesaid; and such Committee shall until the next General Meeting to be holden in Manner as aforesaid, have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, as well in buying Materials for building the said Bridge, as in appointing One or more Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and in employing, ordering, and directing the Works and Workmen, and in placing and displacing such Collector or Collectors, and all under Officers, Clerks, Servants, and Agents, and in making all Contracts and Bargains concerning the said Undertaking, so that no such Purchase, Bargain, or other Matter be done or transacted without the Concurrence of the major Part of the said Committee at any Time assembled j and every Owner or Owners of One or more Share or Shares n the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by the said Cornu i'tee, of which Fourteen Days Notice (except the First Call of Twenty Pounds per Centum herein-before directed to be made, which shall be at Twenty-one Days Notice), shall be given by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, of such Call, and of the Name and Place of Abode of the Treasurer to whom such Payments are to be made; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for by the First Call to be made by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recovtr the fame in any cf His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money, to be called for after the First Call as aforesaid, at the Time and Place so appointed, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor left than Five Pounds for every One hunched Pounds of his, her, or th-ir respective Share and Shares, Parts, or Incertfts in the said Undertaking; and in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of [Lee. Per.] 10 U the

905

Commithee to make Calls from the Proprietors.

906

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then lie, Ihe, or they so neglecting shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share and Shares, Parts, and Interests in the said Undertaking, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof, all which Forfeitures shall go to tire Use and Benefit of the other Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to their respective Interests therein, or another Person shall and may be admitted in the Place and Stead of such Person forfeiting as aforesaid at the Election of the Proprietors; all which said Powers, Forfeitures, and Provisions shall extend to the Persons who may become Proprietors of new or further Shares in the said Undertaking, under and by virtue of the Powers herein contained for raising the said additional Sum of One thousand Pounds.

so^ta'kin»*me

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Advan-Advimtage of ,age shall be taken or any Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Forfeiture-. Undertaking, unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, which shall be held within Six Calendar Months nexc after such Forfeitures Avail be incurred; and every such Forfeiture shall be an Indemnity to and for every Proprietor so forfeiting against all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for Breach of any Contraft or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting and the rest of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying on the said Undertaking.

General Meetings may romove Committee Men and Officers.

Company to make Bve Law, &c.

Bye Lavi s to be printed*

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro* priecors shall always have full Power and Authority at any General Meeting, to remove or displace any Person or Persons chosen to be of the Committee as aforesaid; or any Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers under them, and to appoint some other Person or Persons in the Room of the Person or Persons so removed or displaced, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change any of the Rules, Orders, and Directions by this Act prescribed and laid down, in regard to their Proceedings amongst themselves, as to the major Parc of them shall hem meet (the Method of calling General or Special Meetings, and voting and appointing Committees only excepted), and Aval] have full Power to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders for the good Government of the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Officers, and Workmen, and the good and orderly Management of the said Bridge, and of the Tolls to betaken in respect of the fame, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the said Bye Laws, Orders, and Regulations, and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against the lame, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, as to the major Part of the Proprietors assembled at such General Meeting shall seem meet, such Fines or Forfeitures, in case of Non-payment of the fame, to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as Fines or Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be levied and recovered; which said Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being put into Wricing under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and being printed and published, shall be binding and be observed by all Parties, subject to Appeal in Manner herein-afeer mentioned, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who Avail aft under the fame,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 907

fame, provided they be not repugnant to the Laws of this Realm, nor to any of the Directions and Provisions in this Act contained, particularly with respect to the Navigation of the said River, and the Passage of Vel-l’els thereon, and the Structure of the said Bridge; and every such General Meeting shall have Power to call for, audit, and settle Accounts of Money received, laid out, and difourled on Account of the said Undertaking by the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Clerk or Clerks, or Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employ-em by or concerned for or under them in and about the said Undertaking.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners of Direaing any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before any Ca.ll or Calls shall be made for the full Sum to be advanced on each Share which on^a of be-he, ffie, or they (bail have been possessfed of or entitled to (without hav- " n

ing made Provision by Will or otherwise how such Share or Shares thY^bemadc! shall be disposed cf, and the Money paid in upon such Calls for the future), then and in such Case, the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner or Owners so dying, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person or Persons whomsoever entitled to the Estates and Effedb of such Owner or Owners deceased, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, for paying any Sum of Money when called for as aforesaid to complete any such Subscription; and if such Owner deceased shall not have left Assets sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustees or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company of Proprietors shall be and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such Owner or Owners deceased, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted, do and shall on or before Rich Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person or Persons entitled to his, her, or their Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been by such Owner or Owners in his, her, or their Life-time by virtue of any Call or Calls or otherwise, advanced upon such Share or Shares; and in Default of such Calls being answered and made good in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, and pay and apply the Money arising by such Sale (after deducting the reasonable Charges occasioned thereby), to and for the Benefit of the Representative or Represencatives of such deceased Owner or Owners.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Shares may be several Proprietors to tell and dispose of any Share or Shares, he, she, or they shall and may be entitled to in the said Undertaking, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; and any Purchaser or Purchasers shall, for his, her, or their Security, as well as that of such Proprietor or Proprietors, have a Duplicate or Duplicates of the Deed or Conveyance made unto him, her, or them, and executed by both Parties, One Part whereof so executed shall be delivered to the said Company of Proprietors,

go8 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

prietors, or their Clerk for the Time being, to be filed and kept for the Use of the said Company; and an Entry thereof shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Clerk for that Purpose, for which no mote than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid; and umil such Duplicate of such Deed shall be so delivered to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Clerk, and filed and entered as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking paid unto him, her, or them, nor any Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Monies shall be made by the Authority of this Act, no Person or Persons shall lell or transfer any Share in the said Undertaking, until the Monies called for upon their respective Share or Shares so to be sold, shall be paid, under the Penalty of forfeiting his, her, or their respective Share or Shares in the said Undertaking to the said Company of Proprietors, in Trust, for the Benefit of all other the Proprietors, uniels the Purchaser or Purchasers shall at the Time of such Transfer pay the Maney called for upon such Share so transferred to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors-, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be declared and notified ac a General Meeting in Manner before directed with respect to other Forfeitures of Shares.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance or Transfer of the said Shares shall be in the following Form, or in Words to the like Effect; videlicet,

tzrm of the t A.B. of in the County of

Saaresf£r of in Consideration of the Sum of do hereby

‘ bargain, fell, and transfer to C.D. of

in the County of his, [her, or their]

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Alligns

‘ Share or Shares [as the Case may be^\ of the Undertaking for building

a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Lrftfome Ferry, from the

Parish of IVreJfel, in the East Riding of the County of York to the of-

poftte Shore in the Parish of Heminghrough in the fame Riding, to hold

‘ unto the said C.D. his, [her, or their] Executors, Administrators, and ‘ Alligns, subject to the same Rules and Orders, and on the fame Con-‘ dtiions that i now hold the fame; and I, the said C.D. do accept of the said Share or Shares] of the said Undertaking, sub-

jest to the same Rules, Orders, and Conditions as aforesaid. Witness our Hands, the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

Shares not to be sold till Calls are paid up.

No Business to be done at a Committee unless Five Members are pielent.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Resolutions shall be taken, or Business done at any Meetings of the said Committee, unless Five Members of such Committee be present, nor shall the irealurer or Treasurers to the said Company of Proprietors issue out any Sum or Sums of Money for the Use of the said Committee, without an Older signed by the major Part of the Committee present at such Meetings; and all such Orders for the Payment of Money shall be entered in the Company’s Books; and the Treasurer or Treasurers shall be allowed all his or their Expences in the Execution of his or their Office, and shall give such Security,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

909

curity for properly accounting for and paying all such Monies as shall come into his or their Hands, as the said Company of Proprietors shall judge necessary and the Clerk to the faiil Company shall he entrusted with Money from Time to Time, by an Order in Writing, signed by the major Part of the said Committee, upon the Treasurer or Treasurers, to enable him to pay petty Expences, and such small Sums as may be found necessary , and he or they shall account for the same to the said Committee, who shall regularly examine and sign the said Accounts, as often as they shall see fit; and the said Treasurer’s Accounts shall be examined and compared with the Books of the said Committee, and shall be made up, and the Balance settled and signed by the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, every Half Year.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge, and the Toll Bridge, ev. Houses and Conveniencies to be erected upon or near the lame, and also Company.']' the Ascents or Approaches to the said Bridge, and all Materials which shall from Time to Time be gotten or provided for erecting, building, making, maintaining, and repairing the fame, shall at all Times be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, subject: to the said annual Rent of Ten Pounds to the said George Earl of Egremont, and the said Humphrey OJlaldeston, their Heirs and AITigns respectively, in equal Proportions as aforesaid; and when and so soon as the said Bridge, and the Ascents and Approaches thereto, shall be erefled, built, and made fit and proper for the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, from Time to Time, and at all Times then-after, to alk, demand, receive, recover, and take, to and for their own proper Ule and Behoof, for Pontage, as or in the Name of a Toll or Tolli tobe^ Dury, before any Passage over the said intended Bridge shall be permitted gn*? over the in lieu of the Tolls of the said Ferry, any Sum or Sums of Money, not Bridge, exceeding the several Sums following, that is to say;

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaise, Calash, Toll*.

Chair, or other Carriage of any other Description, (except YVaggons,

Wains, Carts, or other such Carriages), drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence-, and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence , and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, laden or unladen, and drawn b.y S x Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence and drawn by Three Horses,

Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny; and for every Foot Passenger whatsoever, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

\_Loc. & Per.]

10X

And

9io

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Recovery of Tolls.

And for all Bulls, Oxen, Cows, and other Horned or Neat Cattle, each O.ie Penny.

in°theVCom- t*1e ^alc' Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said

pany. Company of Proprietors, subject: to the said annual Rent of Ten Pounds

to the said George Earl of Egremont and Humphrey OJbaldtston, and their Heirs as aforesaid; and if any Person shall, after Demand made thereof by any Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, refuse to pay tl'.e fame, it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, by himself or themselves, cr taking such Assistance as he or they shall think necessary, to flop and prevent the Passage of the Person or Persons so refusing, or of the Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, for or in respift of which such Tolls ought to be paid, until Payment thereof; or to seize and distrain any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, in respect of which such Toll is by this Act imposed; and if any such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of the Detention thereof, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing or distraining shall and may fell the Horse, Cattle, Chattels, or Things so seized and distrained, or any Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any be) and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occafjoned by such Seizure, Distress, Detention, and Sale shall be deducted: Provided always, that the Rider of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, and the Driver or Person Carts, etc. not only having the Care of any Cart or other Carriage, in respect whereof to pay Toll, the said Toll shall have been paid, shall be permitted to pass over the said Bridge Toll free; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Rider of any Horse and Drivers of

Tolls may be reduced.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time, at any General Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, to lefien or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, for such Time as they shall think proper, and to raise the fame again, or any Part thereof, so that the Tolls so reduced or lessened do never exceed the Tolls herein-before granted; and the Tolls so leffenad or reduced, or raised again, shall be collected and recovered in the same Manner, and by the fame Ways and Means as the Tolls hereby granted are authorized or directed to be collected or recovered.

Wrcift/^nd °{ Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein

Hemingbrough contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge the inhabit-bufoijT011 antS t^le kveral Parishes of Wrejfel and Hcmtngbrough aforesaid, with Day. Ke* Payment of any of the Tolls by this Act granted for passing or re-passing over the said Bridge, with or without Carriages and Cattle, more than Once in any One Day for or in respect of such Inhabitants, Carriages, and Cattle respectively, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Nighty any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Tolu"s the tate off, or cause to tic taken off any Horse or other Bead from any

Carriage

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 911

Carriage at or near the faitl Bridge, with Intent to evade and shall thereby evade the Payment of any Part of the Paid Tolls, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors to (top and prevent the Passage of every such Person or Persons until such Person or Persons shall have paid the said Penalty } and if any Person shall forcibly or fiaudulently pass over the snctonafTauIt-said Bridge without having paid the said Tolls, or shall affauit, interrupt, ing Officers, or obstrutt any Person employed in the Collection of the said Tolls, every Person offending in any of such Cases, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Bridge ftnll be PenaltJ! on

q conveying

completed, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons for Hire or persons, nc. Recompence, to convey any other Ferlon, Carriage, Florfe, Beast, or iiireRiver

other Cattle, or any Stones, Bricks, Lime, Manure, or any other Article within acer-or Thing across the said River Derwent, within One Mile of either Side 'ain office® of the said Bridge, otheTwife than over tire laid Bridge, with Intent to Bndge.'’" evade the Paymenc of the said Tolls, or any Parc thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall act contrary to such Directions, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings,

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall xo°ls be taken or demanded for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or for any Florfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast drawing the fame, whilst actually employed or used in fetching Gravel, Stones, or other Materials for repairing and amending the Highways within the Parishes of WreJJel and Hemingbrough aforesaid, or either of them: Provided always, that if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions or Reductions aforesaid not being entitled thereto, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages of the said George Earl of Egremont and Humphrey Ojbnldeston, in the Com. and their Heirs and Assigns respectively, in respect of the said Ferry (ex- Pany-cept such of them as may be altered or extinguifned by this Act), shall, from and after the building and completing of the said Bridge as aforesaid, be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, subject to the said annual Rent as aforesaid, and shall and may be ex-erciled by them as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame could or might have been exercised by the Owners of the said Ferry.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Master and Mailers, Matters of Owner and Owners of tverv Ship, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, every owneramade or any of them, shall be, and he, fire, and they is and are hereby made answerablefor answerable and responsible, and liable to make Satisfaction to the said Bridge? Company of Proprietors for any wilful Damage or Injury that shall be dune to the said Bridge, or apy Parc thereof, by his, her, or their Ship,

Barge,

912 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Barge, Boat, or other Vessel respectively; but that no such Owner or Owner! shall be answerable or responftble, or liable to make Satisfaction, or be sued for any Damage or Injury which shall be done to the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, by his, her, or their Ship, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel unavoidably, or by or through the Carelessness or Negligence of his, her, or their Master or Masters, Mariners, or Servants, or other Persons employed to navigate, row, or manage any such Ship, Barge, Boat, or Vessel; and that in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits, in calc any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted for or on account of any Damage or Injury done to the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, by any Ship, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel which shall not appear to and be found by the Jury upon the Trial thereof to be wilfully done or committed with Intent to damage or injure the said Bridge, then and in every such Case, if the Damages recovered in such Action or Suit respectively shall not amount to the Sum of Twenty Shillings or more, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in every such Action or Suit shall not recover or be entitled to have or receive more Cods than Damages; but if any such Damage shall appear to and be found by such Jury to be wilfully done, with Intent to injure or damage the said Bridge, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall be entitled to his, her, or their full Cods of Suit; and no Action or Suit whatsoever respecting any Damage done to the said Bridge by any Ship, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, shall be brought or prosecuted without the express Order in Writing of Seven or more of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking assembled at a General Meeting; nor shall any Justice of the Peace have any Jurisdiction, Power, or Authority over or concerning any such Injury or Damage herein mentioned.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy, or begin to pull down or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any Toll House or other Convenience to be erected by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

When Bridge

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Bridge shall Fer^tobe at any Time become impassable or unsafe for Travellers or Carriages, the provided. said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall and they are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith rebuilt or repaired, and made safe and commodious for the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bridge shall be so rebuilt or repaired, and made safe and commodious, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, and they are hereby required, during all such Time as the said Bridge shall be impassable or unsafe as aforesaid, to provide a proper and convenient Ferry for the Passage of Travellers, Cattle, and Carriages over the said River, as near to the said Bridge as conveniently may be} and it shall be lawful for such

Person

Penalty on Persons wilfully damaging the Bridge.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 913

Person or Persons as the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, shall appoint for that Purpose, to demand, collect, and receive for the Paffige of such Tiavcilers, Cattle, and Carnages in and over the said Ferry, before they respectively shall be permitted to pass, the like Tolls as hereby authorized to be taken for passing over the said Bridge; any Thing herein-bcfure contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And whereas in consequence of building the said Bridge, ulrnftie-Vessels navigating on the said River Derwent may at some particular Times at the Budge, have Oecalion for Capfterns and Mooring Polls, to guide such Vclfrls through the Arches or Openings of the said Bridge; be it further enabled. That it shall be lawful for the said Company ol Proprietors, and their Successors, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the Trustees for improving the Navigation of the River Derwent in the said County of York, or any Tr.ree or more of them, to fct up and erebt a proper Capflern or Capfterns, and luffi-cient Number of Mcoring Polls, as well above as below the said Bridge, for the Convenience of Vessels navigating on the said River; and from Time t > Time to repair and keep in Repair the said Capfterns and Mooring Pods, and as Occasion shall require, to let up and erebt Capfterns and Mooring Pods in lieu of such as shall be worn out and become uicless.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during such Navigation to Time as the said Bridge shall be building or repairing, the fain Com- "K‘rCti1, pany of Proprietors, aid their Successors, shall and they a c hereby required to keep the Navigation of the said River at and about the said B idge free and clear, so that Vclfrls navigating in and upon the said River may have sufficient and convenient Room to navigate and pals thereon.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, to

and th ir Successors, shall and they are hereby also required, at their "' " t‘

Own Espence, to weigh and remove all such VefiUs as shall or may be sunk, and all Staiihs, Jetties, Wood, Stone, or other Things which now do or at any Time hereafter shall or may obllrubl ihe Passage of Vessels through the said Bridge; and that it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, to rail.e the Bed of the said River toobstruct or prejudice the Navigation of the Lid River; but that the said River at or about and under the said Bridge, shall at all Times hereafter in like Manner be kept of a sufficient Depth by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, for the Passageof all VessUs navigating the said River, when the Water therein above and b.low the Cud Bridge, shall be of a sufficient Depth to permit such Vessds to navigate therein.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fur the said A hauling Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, and they aie licieby era- made'to a ter-powered and required, at their own Expence, to make and for ever main- tain Diitance tain a pr per, tonvcmetit, and sufficient Ilaui.ng Path or Road on the *he [Lot. if Per.] 10 Y JVrejJei

9H

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Wreffel Side of the said River, for the drawing and hauling of Ships and VelL-ls with Men, Horses, or otherwise, to and through the said Bridge, as well up as down the said River, and to remove all Obstructions which do or mav prevent the fame; which Hauling Path or Road shall begin at the Ddlsnce of One hundred Yards below the said Bridge, and extend from thence to the Distance of One hundred Yards above the said Bridge, and no Person shall afterwards rred! any Buildings, or do any other Act which may prevent the free Use of such Hauling Path or Road to assist Vessels in approaching and passing the said Bridge; and it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Successors, to erect or build any Toll House or Toll Houses, or other Obstructions at the End of the said Bridge, on the tVreJfel Side of the said River, so as to interrupt or prevent Vessels hauling through the fame, or occasion the Hauling Ropes to be taken off, but that the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, shall and they are hereby required, at all Times hereafter, to keep the Opening of the said Bridge free and clear, so thac Vessels may haul through the fame on thelVreJjcl Side of the said River without any Interruption or Impediment; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to moor or anchor his, her, or their Vessel or Vessels from Thirty Yards above or below the said Bridge on the Wrefitl Side of the said River.

A Passage to

LIII. And be it further enacted, That a clear Opening shall be less *n £^e ^r'c'gc for the Passage of Ships and other Vessels, of not lets Thirty Feet than Thirty Feet wide, to be properly situated or placed towards the wide. tVreJfel Side of the said River, where there shall be a sufficient Depth of

Water for the Purposes of the said Navigation according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act!; and the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, shall cause the Leaf or Leaves of the Bridge to be made and executed across such Opening in such Manner as shall be directed by Peter Atkinson of the City of Turk, Architedl and Engineer, and in case of his Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, then by such other Person or Persons as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper to appoint; and that it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, at any Time hereafter, to make any Alteration in the Strudture of the said Bridge contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act!, or to the Prejudice or Obstruction of Vessels passing under the said Bridge or navigating the said River; and thac the Slide Leaf or Leaves of the said Bridge shall be opened by the Person or Persons appointed to collect! the said Tolls, or by some other Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose, by and at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, in such Manner as that Vessels may not at any Time be interrupted in passing the said Bridge, and so that Vessels shall at all Times have a Preference of passing through the same to Passengers going over the said Bridge; and that such Vessels having Occasion to pass through the fame, shall take their Turns in due Course as they arrive, not being guilty of any Neglect or unnecessary Delay so as to keep the said Bridge open longer chan is proper and necessary.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 915

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings Proceedings of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committees, at any of to , Je entered> their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be signed by the said Clerk, and by the said Company of Proprietors and Committees present at such Meetings, or the major Part of them, unless otherwise directed by this Act; and that such Entries so made and subscribed, shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in any Court whatsoever; and all Notices to be given in pursuance of this Act, the Mode of which is not otherwise directed, shall be affixed to the Toll House or Toll Houses to be erected by virtue of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Distress not t® for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distrets itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties wan:of Form, making the same be deemed a TrrfpafTcr or Trespass-rs on Account of any Deleft or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parti s distraining be deemed a Trtfpafler or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining , but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action on the Cafe.

L.VI. And be it further enacted, That all Complaints and Inform- Informations, ations of Offences against this Act, respecting which no particular Di- for-'on* reftions are hereby given, and all Complaints and Informations for Of- Justice. fences against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law to be made in pursuance of this Act, (of which Rule, Order, or Bye Law, when produced, all Justices are hereby required to take Notice), shall and may be made before any One Justice of the Peace for the said East Riding of the County of York.; and every such Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to take Cognizance thereof, and to summon the Person complained of to appear before him, and upon the appearing or not appearing of such Person pursuant to such Summons, to hear the Matter of every such Complaint and Information by Examination of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or otherwise, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and to make such Determination therein as such Justice shall think proper; and upon Conviction of any such Person, such Justice shall and may iffoe a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying the Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act imposed for such Offence, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so convicted; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if ary) upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being fitft deducted), shall be paid, One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the said Company of Proprietors, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Goods and Chattels of any Person liable to pay any such Penalties or Forfeitures cannot be found whereon to make such Distress, and such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and tequired, by Warrant under h:s Hand and Seal,

to

i

9i 6

Form of Con. viition.

Appeal.

Proceedingi not to be ijuathed For want of Form.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be paid or compounded for; which Composition the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Person appointed by them for that Purpose, arc or is hereby empowered to make.

LV!I. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form, or to the like Effect; (that is to say),

Kaft Riding of the 3 RE remembered, That on the County of Turk,' s. Day of in the

3 Year of the Reign of His Majesty, A.B. is convicted

before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Julbces of the Peace for the ‘ said Riding, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here insert the Title of this An, and specify the Offence, and the Tune and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case may be~\. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.’

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act* or of any Bye Law made under the Authority thereof, unless where it is hereby otherwise directed, such Person may appeal to the Justices at any General or Quarter Seffonsof the Peace which shall be holden for the said East Riding, within Three Calendar Months next after the lame shall have arilen, giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring futh Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer ro the said Company of Proprietors, and within Seven Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such Riding, with Two luffkient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Custs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the Justices at the said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal in a luminary Way, and award such Costs ro the Party appealing, or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper; and such Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Conviction or Order which shall be made by any Justice of the Peace by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or any other Proceedings which shall be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashrd or vacatrd for want of Form only, or shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or P<-o-cess whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJl-minfltr.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 917

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein Saving Right., contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to lessen, diminish, lake away, prejudice, or affect the Right, Title, Interest, or Privilege of the King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, in or to the Premifts, (except the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, or any of them, and except such as are expressly altered, provided for, or extinguished by this Act}; but that the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, their Successors, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall have, hold, use, exercise, and enjoy all such Estates, Rights,

Titles, and Interests (except as before excepted), as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act in or to the fame, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or Aftnotto any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to defeat, lessen, diminish, takeaway, prejudice, or affect any of the Commission-Rights, Privileges, Powers, Liberties, or Authorities given to or veiled eVs°(theN*‘ in or belonging to the Trustees or Commissioners for the Navigation of the said River Derwent, but that the same shall remain in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; save only and except (o as not to prevent or hinder the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in the said Company of Proprietors.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit Limitation of shall be commenced or profecuied against any Person or Persons, for Action. any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or tried in the County where such Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be commenced, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be non-suited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, o» their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Caf?s by Law.

[Ltfc. Per."] 10 Z

918

[Publick Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaN, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

A udj 1

it,

fcn/ HI A

\dk »! . Ui i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS. -

Cap. 50.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York> to a Place called Blue Bell near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called The Two Laws to Kighley, in the said County of York.

[27th May 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, is Geo. ». to a Place called Blue Bell near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called The Two Laws to Kighley, in the said County of York: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and amending the said and 11 Geo. *. recited Act: And whereas the Trustee9 for the Care and Management of [Loc. (ft Per."] it A the

922

Acts further continued.

Former Tolls to cease.

New Tolls to be paid.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 5o.

the said Roads have made great Progress in the Repair thereof, and for that Purpose have borrowed several eonfiaerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereon, which, together with an Arrear of Interest, lljll remain due; and the Native cannot be repaid, and the said Roads amended, and kept in Repair, tmlcfs the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, and the Tolls increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s ruoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act, the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed; and that the said recked Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and alf.) such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and, together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein-after granted, as fully and tfiedually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame re-ipedively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Tolls payable in and by the said recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid, and that in lieu thereof, the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Act, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, upon and across the said Roads, or upon and across any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Muie, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Op? Shilling and Three-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Eight-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Coach, Chariot Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Chair, Curricle, Caravan, Calash, Hearse, Horse Litter, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings; drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling:

For

923

43° GEORGII III. Cap. so.

For every Chaise, Chair, Whiskey, Gig, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Four-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carnage, drawn by Seven or Eight Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; drawn by Five or Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four or any less Number of Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Two-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, drawn by Five Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, or other such Carriage, going empty for or laden with Coals, drawn by Five or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; drawn by Three or Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of 7 hrce-pence:

And for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

Which said respective Tolls or Duties shall be and are hereby declared to be veded in the said Trustees and they, or any Seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint for that Purpose, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for apportioning, collecting, demanding, recovering, levying, assign. ing, transferring, leafing, reducing, advancing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable, as are in and by the said recited Act given and expressed, with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable, so that the fame do never exceed the Tolls herein before granted; but Twenty-one Days Notice thereof at the lead shall be given upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then danding upon the said Road, previous to any such Alteration in the said Tolls; and that the said Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are in the said former Acts and this Act directed and appointed in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered by any Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, to assign or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities to any Person or Persons who has or have already advanced any Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, or to their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or

For securing Money already advanced, or to he borrowed on Security of the Tolli*

924

Form of Mortgage.

Copies to be utered.

Form of Transfer.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

legal Representatives, and to such Person or Persons who shall or rtiay hereafter advance any such Sum or Sums of Money, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Money so advanced or to be advanced, with Interest for the fame respectively; which said Writing or Writings may be made in the Form, or in the Words to the Effect following; (that is to say),

r>Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of

‘ His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the AH'], We of the

‘ Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of in Hand advanced and

paid by A.B. of to the Treasurer of the said Roads,

4 [or, formerly have been advanced in respect to the said Roads, as the Case may be] do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A. B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls to arise upon the said Roads by virtue of the said Act, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear

4 to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit there- of, to be had and holden from the Day of the Date hereof, for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with Interest for the fame, after the

4 Rate of Five Pounds for One htfndred Pounds for a Year, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, which Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected, without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages and Alignments which shall be made in the Form and Manner aforesaid, and hereafter mentioned, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; a^d it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons to whom any Mortgage or Security already made, or who is, are, or shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, or which shall hereafter be made as aforesaid, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators respectively, by Writing or Writings under their several Hands and Seals, to assign and transfer his, her, and their Right, Title, and Interest, in and to such Mortgage or Security, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever; which Assignment and Transfer may be made in the Form, or in the Words to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. of [or, I C.D. of Executor,

4 or Administratos of A.B. late of or otherwise, as the Case

may happen to bej, in Consideration of the Sum of to me paid by E. F. do hereby assign

and transfer unto the said E. F., his Execptors, Administrators, and Assigns, a certain Mortgage or Security, bearing Date the Day of in the Year of our Lord

under the Hands and Seals of

4 of the Trustees for putting into Execution an Act of

4 Parliament, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty

‘ King

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 925

‘‘King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the A£f\ with

all my Right and Title to the Principal Sum of

thereby secured, and all Interest now due and hereafter to grow due

thereon. Dated this Day

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

Which Transfer or Assignment shall be produced and notified to the said Transfers to Clerk or Treasurer, within Three Calendar Months next after the Day be'ntere of the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorandum to be made of such Transfer or Assignment, containing the Date, Parties Names, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the Book or Books so to be kept for that Purpose as above mentioned, for which Entry the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, such Assignment or Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of such Mortgage or Security; and every such Mortgage or Security may be again assigned and transferred in like Manner, and so from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall require; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, other than the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last transferred, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage or Security so transferred as aforesaid, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Trustees may sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of t^ee this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; Nameof their and that no Action or Suit, to be brought or commenced by the Direction ^"afi^er of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in the Name of

their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees; but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action; and every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit cieikor shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, Treasurer to shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arile by virtue of h'xpencesT'11 this Act all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments purchased, °.f Compenfa-taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this IXnamount-Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, init0 *oo/> Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Dif-

ability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte [ Loc. & Per.2 11 3 the

926

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application where the Compensation Money is lets than 100 U and ex-seeds 20/.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or

being

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 927

being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied than lol. to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Ex- por pay;ng pences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining of this Act, the Expencej shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful of the

for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby dircded and required, to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences out of the First Monies that shall be collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments and Distmrfements whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken Publick Afl. to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whotnsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Commenre-place from and immediately after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall continue in force for and during the Term of of the Act. Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed for George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

It n- O uCi /*

V > .

-= ij v^’tiSLM

ir

nt*y'> + Mil* tip o»- k '

4’

r f $ ;.

: i

Ur*

f jJ r >t; f. i

i- j 4

ilttfi:' r.: . v.\ -

Uji-tAia efo «’! -(3‘0'if l~j

at. 3,1 u i

vY

)bui vjrfc

’ "' ’

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

«MHK 4

Cap. si.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Caching End near Adding-ham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine o{ Lane after.

[27th May 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing, widening, and mending the Road from »s Geo. ». Cocking End near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign zl Geo. * of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees for the Care and Management of the said Road have made great Progress in the Repair thereof, and for that Purpose have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected thereon, which still remain due, and the fame cannot berrpaid, and the said Road amended and kept in {hoc. ft? Per.'] 11 C Repair,

930 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts (which is near expiring) be further continued, and some of the Tolls increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. Acts further and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the continued. Commencement of this Act, the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed; and that the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, NPow-ers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and, together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein after granted, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

Toils on

II. And be further enacted, That, from and after the Commence-

,^repealed, ment of this Act, the Tolls payable in and by the said recited Act of the and others ’ Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty, for and upon all Waggons, Wains, £ianted. Carts, or other Carriages, drawn oy Horses or Beasts of Draught (except those going empty for or laden with Coals or Lime), shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken, before any Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, drawn by Horses or Beasts of Draught, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toil Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, upon and across the said Road, or upon and across any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (that is to say).

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sunt of Two Shillings; and drawn by Five or Four Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence; and drawn by Three or Two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and drawn by One Horie or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence.

Power to III, And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or

wy Toii». more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to lessen or reduce all or any of the said respective Tolls hereby granted and made payable, for such Lime or Times as they shall think proper; and to raise again the Toils so ltffened or reduced, or any Pait thereof, so that the fame do never exceed the Tolls herein-before granted; but Twenty-one Days Notice thereof at the lead shall be given in some publick Newi'paper, and upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then standing upon the said Road, previous to any such Alteration in the said Tolls.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 51. 931

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or ^p£hcat)inn awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments pur- lation Mo-chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited neywhfn Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to to'ioo/! "S any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in the said firfst recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex par/e the Tru flees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made, upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance*, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afiefting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be veiled by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreedorawardedtobe paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments where ti,e purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any fioiTSvioner Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity islef, than as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed*14 exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Ca'.es the fame shall, */. at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time bci ig entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case oflnfancy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name

7

932

Application where the Money is lei! than xo

Tor naying the Expences of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

43° GiiORGII III. Cap. 51.

Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, fat the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be Iefs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Colts, Charges, and Expence*, incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, from the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby directed and required, to order and di-rest the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the first Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

IS. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and immediately after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahav,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

r

.7 . r 1 ;) \

yjSiJ (iAlik }*/:!).» ' Q&m*-

Wfi >> lii ?

: iatodj r,:n vd

ANNO QU ADR AGESIMO TERTIO

i ,| , VI TO .'.i-A&'-n. ju w\t' -># i *-»«

GEORGII III. REGIS.

l .... [.' 1 lV/ 4 -*7 rv "*

52.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford^ to Bulloch Smithy, in the County of Cheffer, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford.

[27th May 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Geo. 3. Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Sandon, in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy, in the County of Chester, and from TIilderftone to Draycott in the Moon, and from We-ley Rocks to Tean, in the said County of Stafford: And whereas an Act was passed *3 Geo. j. in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge \_Loc. & Per.2 11 D the

934

A"s continusd.

Trustees-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the foils thereby granted, the greatest Part of which still remains due, and a considerable Sum of Money hath of late Years been borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls for the Support of the said Roads, which together with the said Tolls, has been applied to the Purposes of the said Acts, and dill also remains due, and which Monies cannoc be repaid, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts are continued, enlarged, and altered; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Acts should be repealed, and others granted instead thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Potvers, Provisions, Orders, Regulations, Restrictions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties) shall be and the fame is and are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions, herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall continue in force during the Term hereby granted; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing in any Manner upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts or either of them, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit thereof respectively, and of this Act, and of the Interest due and to grow due upon the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Arden, William Ayton, Thomas Allen, Joseph A If of, David AJkin, Francis Befwick, Thomas Brock-lehur/i, John Brocklchurst, William Brocklehurst, John Browne Clerk, John Bagnall, William Badnall, Richard Badnall, Samuel Bamford, John Blagg, Thomas Ball, John Bennett, William Bourne, Saint George Bowles Clerk, Thomas Brandon, William Bower, William Burnett, William Barlow, Thomas Burton, Walter Blurton, Thomas Cho/mundeley, Walter Hill Coyney, Toft Chorley, Charles Benjamin Charleywood Clerk, William Carlisle Clerk, Thomas Carr, William Carr, Eli Cope, George Cope, Sam ltd Cope, Joseph Cond-lyffe, Charles Cooke John Clulow, Thomas Critchley, John Coates, Henry Cherry, John Crufo, Davies Davenport, David Davies Doctor in Divinity, Michael Daintry, John Smith Daintry, Charles Daintry, Edward Downes, Thomas Dewhurst, Ralph Deane, Peter Walthall Davenport, Lewis Davies, John Dobson, Charles Dobson, William Egerton, Wilbrabam Egerton, William Eddowes Clerk, John Fowler, Robert Fielden, Hugh Ford, John Fynney, Thomas Fletcher, Addin Fletcher, John Fallows, William Fallows, Bennett Fallows, William Fowler, Simon Fernyhough, Thomas Fenton Grosvenor,

Edward

935

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

Edward Smith Groftsenor, 1 homas Glegg, Satnu-l Goodwin. Thomas Griffin,

Richard Gaunt, Josiah Gaunt the younger, Arthur Godwin, John Ginders,

George Goodwin, James Hulme Doctor of Physick, David Hall, Jasper Hulley, Brian Hodgson the younger, Lawrence Heapy Clerk, Edward Hogg, Nathaniel Higginbotham, Nathaniel Higginbotham the younger, Samuel Hit-ditch, Edward Hordern, John Haywood, Thomas Harvey, John Higgs, George Holmes, 1 homas Holmes, William Holmes, Thomas Howe, George Hubbard,

Richard Paul Jodrel, Francis Jodrel, William Ingleby, Richard Pcpplewetl Joknfon Clerk, John Jahnfon, Henry Jones, George Ridgeway Kilmijier,

Thomas Knight, William Keates, John Keates, Benjamin Keys, John Langley Clerk, Fraecis Lowe, Thomas Lowe, Ralph Leek, John Leigh, John Lockett, James Lean, James Lucas, Samuel Lucas, Joseph Lay, George Locker, T omas Mills, John Mas Clerk, Thomas Monkhouse Clerk, Wil-Ham March, James Mayer, Hi!Ham Milner, Edward Nicholls, Edward Nicholls the younger, Francis Newbold, Robert Newton, James Antrobus Newton, John Or me, Thomas Barker, Robert Parker, Edward Powis Clerk, Charles Prescott Clerk, George Pigott, Join Philips, John Philips the younger, Thomas Philips', Thomas Philips the younger, Jonathan Patten, Willi , m Plant, William Platt, Thomas Pickford, Lothian Pollock Clerk, John Pointon, the Right Honourable Dudley Ryder, the Honourable Richard Ryder, John Ryle, John Ryle the younger, Joshua Ryle, Joseph Roc, John Harriett Roe, H homas Rowley, John Regers Cletk, Bulwell Robinson, John Thomas Stanley, John Sneyd, William Sneyd, Hugh Sleigh,

John Si. i^h, Richard Heigh, Samuel Stone, William Stone, John Swanwick,

Thomas Sutton, of Endon, Nathan Sutton, Thomas Sutton of Leek, Richard Smith, C eo-ge Smith, Thomas Sillito, John Swindells, John Sheri att, William Saunders, Edward Thornycroft, George Taylor, Enoch Tomkinson,

Richard T miinfon, George Thompson, James Tajker, I oton 9 ipper, Thomas Turner, William Townsend. Thomas Patten Wilf n, John Watson Clerk,

Thomas Ward, Gervas Ward, Bryan Ward, Peter Wright, Nathaniel

W.ight, Henry West, Francis West, Samuel Woodward, Thomas Webjl-r,

William Tung, Barnett Toung, and Samuel Toung, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act; and they and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said fiift recited Act, are hereby empowered and authorized to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this Act, as fuhy and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as it they had been appointed by the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And whereas the Quorum of Seven Trustees appointed in and by Qoorwn of the said recited Acts or either of them, is found to be too large, it Juc'edfrom frequently happening that so great a Number cannot be assembled; be it 7toj. therefore enacted, That all Orders, Acts, Matters, and Things, by the said recited Acts, or either of them, or by this Act, authorized, directed, and required to be done by the said Trustees in carrying the fame into Execution, shall and may be done and executed by any Five or more of them, and the same shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect as if such Orders, Acts, Matters, and Things, had been done and executed by any greater Number of Trustees; but no Order heretofore made or hereafter to be made at any Meeting, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, u dels a

greater

93^ 43° GEORGII III. Cap. $2*

greater Number of Trustees than made the same shall concur therein, and also conititute the Majority of such subsequent Meeting.

ele&fVdh^9y ^V. ^urt^er enacted, That when and so often as any Trustee

onesincenain nominated and appointed, or hereafter to be appointed for executing the

Casts. said Acts and this Act, shall become by Bankruptcy or Insolvency dif-

possessed of the Qualification by the said first recited Act required, or shall cease torefidefor the Space of Two Years together in either of the said Counties of Stafford or Chester, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to appoint another Trustee in his room, in such Manner as by the said last recited Act is particularly mentioned and directed for appointing Trustees.

N°Trujt«to v. Provided always, That after the Expiration of One Year from attended a the Commencement of this Act, no Trustee shall be capable of voting

m T«o\'e'ars *n Appointment of any Clerk or other Officer in pursuance of this

Adf or the said recited Acts, unless he shall have been appointed at, or shall have attended some Meeting of the said Trustees, within the Space of Two Years next preceding the Appointment of such Officer.

Emergencies.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall upon any Emergency be thought necessary that an earlier Day for Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, then and in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Two or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) mentioning the Time, Place, and Purport, of such intended Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then standing upon the said Roads, of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time being nor ltfs than Five Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meeting shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the fame had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

foe*and bay VH. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and filed in the be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance Clerk.* their l^e k*1* rec'ted Acts and this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk, or Treasurer, nor by the Act of any such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Content of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintilf or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such ntfmburfedhii Action or Suit: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Treasurer, Expences. in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be fully reimburied and paid, out of such Monies as may then be in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, tr out of the first Money

to

937

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every the Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Buildings, erected or hereafter to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, and of the Materials for building the fame, and also all Rails, Stiles, Pods, and Fences, which shall belong to the said Roads, and also all Tools, Implements, Stones, Gravel, and other Materials, purchased, gotten, or had, or to be purchased, gotten, or had, for repairing the said Roads, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to bring or causeto be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer or order to be preferred any Indictment or Indictments, in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, injure, or disturb them the said Trustees in the Possession thereof.

IX. And whereas the several Tolls by the said recited Acts authorized to be taken on the said Roads, have been found very inadequate to the proper Execution thereof, and the several Exemptions from the Payment of Tolls by the said recited Acts or either of them granted, have been found very prejudicial to the said Roads; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, all and every the Tolls granted by the said Acts, and also all and every Exemption, Proviso, Clause, Matter, or Thing, in the said recited Acts or either of them contained, from and for Payment of Tolls, or for Reduction or Mitigation of Tolls, or Restraint from erecting any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, shall be, and they and every of them are and is hereby declared to be repealed; and that instead of the said Tolls by the said Acts or either of them granted, there shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time authorize or appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse or other Cattle, Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, now erected and set up or hereafter to be erected and set up by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, and of this Act, the several and respective Sums of Money herein-after mentioned; that is to say:

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or Chair, upon Four Wheels, drawn by Six or more Iiorfes or Beasts of Draught, Two Shillings i and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by less than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling:

For every Curricle, Calash, Chaise, or Chair, upon Two Wheels, drawn by Two or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, Eight-pence j and drawn by One Horse or Beast of Draught, Sixpence:

£Lec. Ss" Per."] i1 E

Property of Toll Houses, Sfr. vested ill tbs Trustees.

Pi efent Tolls repealed.

New Tolls,

For

938

Double Toll on Sundays.

Tolls veiled inthe Trustees

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

For every Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, Four Shillings; with Wheels of the Surface of Sixteen Inches, Two Shillings; or upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Two Shillings:

For every Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Sole thereof, drawn by Four or more than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, Three-pence; and for every Cart, Wain, or Carriage upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Sixpence:

For every Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid, Four Shillings; and for every Waggon upon Wheels rolling a Surface of Eleven Inches on each Side, Two Shillings.

For every Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Three or Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, Eight-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, Four-pence:

For every Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by any Horse or Horses or Beasts of Draught, Six Shillings; and for every Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, Two Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number: And

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number.

X. And be it further enacted, That on each and every Sunday after the Commencement of this A£V, there shall be demanded and taken at the several Turnpikes or Toil Gates now erected and set up or hereafter to be erected and set up upon the said Roads, in lieu of the said several Tolls hereby granted, or in Addition thereto, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time authorize or appoint for that Purpose, Double the Tolls by this Act granted to be respectively demanded and taken for every Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage as aforesaid, (except such Horses or other Beasts or Carriages as shall be used and employed in carrying or conveying Milk only, the fame being hereby declared liable to the Payment of the fame Tolls as are due and payable on any other Day in the Week, and no more).

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Tolls hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of in such and the fame

Manner,

939

PHf. n " ' -

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers as are contained in the said recited Acts or either of them, with respect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, but subject nevertheless to this Act, and the Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions, herein contained.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until the said Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three inclusively, the Tolls at present payable at the several Toll Gates erected on the said Roads, shall continue due and payable at the several Gates respectively, and shall be recovered and recoverable in such Manner as is provided by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

Xm. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall have paid Toll for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be erected upon the said Roads, shall be subject or liable to pay any Toll for returning through such Turnpike or Toll Gate the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Horses or other Cattle, or with the fame Coach, Chaise, Waggon, or other Carriage, but shall return Toll-free, on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates, which Notes or Tickets such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Tolls; but no Person or Persons shall be liable to the Payment of the 'l olls hereby granted, in any One Day, more than Three Times on that Part of the said Roads which lies between Sandon and Leek; nor more than Twice upon that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leek and Macclesfield; nor more than Twice upon that Part of the said Roads which lies between Macclesfield and Bullock Smithy; nor more than Once upon that Part of the said Roads which lies between Hilderfione and Draycott; nor more than Twice upon that Part of the said Roads which lies between Wetley Rocks and Tean; nor more than Once upon that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leek and the turning off of the said Road at Wetley Rocks aforesaid to Tean; nor more than Once upon that Part of the said Roads which lies between the said turning off at Wetley Rocks aforesaid and Cheadle; any Thing herein or in the said recited Acts or either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Cattle or Carriages which shall pass loaden only with, or going unloaden the same Day for Coal, Slack, or Cannel, through all the Turnpikes or Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, between Leek and Wetley Rocks, and between Wetley Rocks and Cheadle, shall pay more than One full Toll by this Act granted, at such of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates as such Cattle or Carriages shall first pass through, and not more than another Half Toll for passing through all or any other Turnpike or Toll Gate erected or to be erected as last aforesaid; any Thing herein-before or in the said recited Acts or either of them contained to the contTary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Present To’ls when to be collected.

Tc)I. to be prd but Once a Day at each Turnpike.

Coal between Leek and Cheadle ex empt from Payment of Toll.

94°

Toll to be taken on jjo-ing to and re. turning from certain Collin ies.

Perform not liable to the Four-penny Toll, &c.

Personi not liable to the Two-pt*nny Toll, &(

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $1.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than Four-pence shall be paid for each Horse or other Bead drawing in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, going empty for or returning loaden with Coals or Cannel only, through any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates already erected or hereafter to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, and this Act, across or on the Side of that Part of the said Turnpike Road which lies between the Collieries belonging to the Right Honourable Thomas James Warren Bulkeley Viscount Bulkeley, and the Right Honourable Elizabeth Harriet Warren Bulkeley Viscountess Bulkeley his Wife, or their Tenants or Lessees thereof, in Poynton and IVtrth, or either of them, in the said County of Chester, and the Town of Macclesfield, in the said County, and which Coals or Cannel shall have been bought at or brought from any of the said Collieries; nor more than Two-pence shall be paid for each Horse or Bead so drawing as last aforesaid, through any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates already eTedted or hereafter to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, and this Act, across or on the Side of that Part of the said Turnpike Road which lies between the lad mentioned Collieries and Bullock Smithy, in the said County of Chester-, nor more than One Penny shall be paid for each such Horse or other Bead so drawing as last aforesaid, through any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates already erected or hereafter to be erected across or on the Side of the said Road at Poynton Lane End, in Poynton aforesaid, or any other Gate to be set up in lieu thereof, or in Addition theieto, and for passing between that Place and the said Collieries.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid the said l oll of Four-pence for the passing of any Horse or other Bead drawing in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, going empty for or returning loaden with Coals or Cannel, only from the said lad mentioned Callieries, through any of the said Turnpikes already erected Or hereafter to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, and this Act, across or on the Side of the said Turnpike Road between the said Collieries and the Town of Macclesfield aforesaid, shall be subject or liable, the same Day, to the Payment of any Toll at the other or others of the said lad mentioned Turnpikes, or at any other Turnpike or Turnpikes hereafter to be erected and set up in lieu thereof or in Addition thereto, between the said Collieries and the said Town of Macclesfield, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment at One or other of the said lad mentioned Turnpikes, which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls of the said lad mentioned respective Turnpikes are hereby required to deliver gratis: Provided like-wife, that no Person who shall have paid the said loll of Two-pence for the passing of any such Horse or other Bead, drawing in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, going empty for or returning loaden with Coals or Cannel only from the said lad mentioned Collieries, through any of the said Turnpikes already erected or hereafter to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, and this Act, across or on the Side of the said Turnpike Road between the fame Collieries and Bullock Smithy aforesaid, shall be subject or liable the same Day to the Payment of any Toll at the other or others of the said lad mentioned Turnpikes, or at any other Turnpike or Turnpikes hereafter to be erected and set

up

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52. 941

up in lieu thereof or in Addition thereto, between the said Collieries and Bullock Smithy aforesaid, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment at One or other of the said lad mentioned Turnpikes, which Notror Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls of the said lad mentioned respective Turnpikes are hereby required to deliver gratis.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be taken in re- No Toll for spedt of any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, which shall only cross the ""^n3the said Roaus.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall Exemptions be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horses or Carriages, of l0m To *' whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in carrying the

Mails of Letters or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-mader General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom; nor for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Redof, Vicar, or Curate, going to officiate or in returning from officiating at any Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor of or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship on Sundays., or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall be attending or going to attend, or returning from attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die or be buried in any Townfh:p? Hamlet, or Place, through which any of the said Roads pais; nor for or in respect of any Cattle or Carriages laden only with Gravel, Stone, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads,’or any Road in any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places in which the fame do lie, or for any Carriage loaden with, or passing empty or unloaden for, or returning the same Day empty or Unloaden after having been laden with Grass, Hay, Straw, Fodder, Gdrn itffhe Straw, not bought, fold, or disposed of, or carried for the Purpose of being fold ot disposed of, but passing to be laid up in the Houses, Ofithe’difcs, Barn?, Yards, or Premires, of the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands; nor for any such Cattle or Carriage passing or repairing so loaden or unloaden as la ft aforesaid, with Muck, Dung, Marl, Compost, or other Manure (Lime excepted) for the manuring and improving of Lands, not bought, fold, or dispoltd of, or carried for the Purpose of being sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid on the Lands of the Owner thereof; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Carriage, or any Horses, Cattle, or Beast, loaden only with, or going unloaden for, or returning unloaden having been only loaden with Peats or Turves to be dug up or gotten upon Dinfmo/s, near the said Town of Macclesfield, for Fuel for the Inhabitants of the Townships of Sutton or Macclesfield; nor for any Cattle or Carriage loaden with, or going empty for, or returning empty after having been loaden with only any Plough, Hafrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, belonging to any Inhabitant or Occupier off Lands in any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places, through which any Part of the said Roads passes; nor for any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Stock [hoc. & Per.] u P of

942

Bar Keepers

competent

Witnesses.

Alignments or Securities, for 50/.or under, to be on Stamps.

Trustees not liable by executing Mortgages.

Trustees to set out Gardens to Toll Houses, etc.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

of any Kind, going to or from Water, Pasture, Plough, or other Work in Husbandry, or going to or returning from any Smith or Blacksmith’s Shop to be Ihoed; nor for any Cattle or Carriage carrying Corn only to any Mill to be ground, or returning empty after having delivered such loading, or going unladen to fetch such Com when ground, or returning loaden only therewith; nor for any Ilorfes or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Pafies; nor of or from any Person or Persons going to vote or returning from voting at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for either of the Counties of Stafford and Chester, on the Day before the Day or Days of such Election, or the Day after the same shall be concluded; and if any Person or Persons flrall cla;m or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in any wise concerning the said Tolls or the Recovery thereof, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be, and they and each of them are and is hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XX. And whereas at the Time of the passing of the said first recited Act, Mortgages and other Securities for borrowing Monies on the Credit of Turnpike Roads were usually allowed to be made without Stamps, and by the same Act Assignments of Securities or Sums borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls not exceeding Fifty Pounds, were authorized to be made by indorsing the Name of the Person entitled thereto only thereon, notwithstanding which it is apprehended such Assignments are liable to the Stamp Duty; therefore, for preventing Disputes about the fame, be it enacted, That all Transfers or Assignments of Mortgages or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money, secured or to be secured on the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be upon Stamps, and shall, notwithstanding the Money thereby secured doth not amount to or exceed Fifty Pounds, be assigned and entered in the same Manner as if the fame did exceed that Sum.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That all and every the Trustees, who may have executed or hereafter shall execute any such Securities as aforesaid, shall not thereby be deemed to be personally subject or liable to the Payment of the Monies thereby secured, or the Interest to accrue due thereon, nor shall their or any of their Persons, Property, or Effects, be affected thereby.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, if they think proper, cause a convenient Piece of Ground for a Garden to Ire set out to every loll House erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, and this Act; and that in case the Tolls arising from all or any of the Turn-pikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Road, shall, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, be demised or

let

943

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52-

let to farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, to whom the said Tolls shall be respectively demised or let, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear for the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Agreement for letting the fame, then and in either of the said Cases the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, shall be at Liberty, and they and he are and is hereby authorized to enter into and upon the Pofifeflion of the Toll House and Toll Houses, with the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, so letten as aforesaid, and to remove and put out such Lessee and Lessees, Farmer and Farmers, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (five as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby referred) as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, in the same Manner as if no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into relative to the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, hinder, or disturb, or cause, promote, or encourage to be assaulted, interrupted, hindered, or disturbed, the Collectors of the Tolls or any of them, or the Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Person or Persons employed by them or either of them respectively, or by the said Trustees or any of them, in the Execution of any Part of the said recited Acts or this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; which Penalty shall be applied towards the Repairs of the said Roads, and shall be recovered in such Manner as the other Penalties are by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, directed to be recovered.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Monies shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Monies shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Monies shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a futnmary Way,

Penalty on assaulting Persons in the Execution of this Act.

Application of Money paid for Co iipen-fation for Lands when amounting to 200 /.

944

Where left than 200l. and not exceeding 20 L

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid alleging the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Monies shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like TJl'es, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Itood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making fuqh Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time ami until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made,

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Truliees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so tar as the Cale may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands. Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the Paid Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the Paid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons driving any Pigs or Swine upon the Paid Ro'acts or any Part thereof, shall fuller the same to (lop upon the said Roads or any Part thereof, or to root up and damage the fame or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Backings, or Cops, on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving or riding upon any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Mule or Afs, carrying Cans, Crates, or Panniers, shall not keep the said Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Mule or Afs, on the Left Hand Side of the said Road; or if any Person shall make or a(fi(l in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, or Fireworks whatsoever, or any Part or Parts of the said Roads or within Forty Yards from the same, or shall wheel any Wheel Barrow or Wheel Barrows upon any Footway adjoining the said Roads or any Part thereof; or shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads to be made into Manure, or shall scrape off the fame any Mud, Soil, Matter, or Thing, which shall be or lie upon any Parts of the said Roads, with an Iron Rake or other Instrument with (harp Points, or shall pull or force up any Stones or other Parts of the Pavement on the said Roads or any of them, to the Damage thereof; or shall lay down any Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Roads or any Part thereof, or shall otherwise obstrutt or impede the Passage upon the said Roads or any Part thereof; or shall turn out any Horses, Cows, or other Cattle, Mules, Asses, or Swine, upon the said Roads hereby dire died to be repaired, or any Part thereof, or into the Lanes or Ditches adjoining the fame (except where the said Roads or any Part thereof shall pass over any open Common) every Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in such Manner as other Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, are by the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case may happen; (that is to say),

[Loc. Per.]

945

Where left

than 20/.

Penalty on Persons injur* ing said Roads.

Summary Form of Cou-viction.

11 G

« BE

Form of Conviction.

Expencts of Ait how to t paid.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Continuation of Term.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

‘ To Wlt- ? dE it remembered, That on the Day of

6 in the Year of our Lord A.B. is con-

vifted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for

‘ the County of [here specify the Offence, and the Time

and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case may he].

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above mentioned.

‘ C. D.'

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Colls, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, and now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever; and in case any Person or Persons shall advance and pay any Money for or on Account of obtaining this Act, as well the Person or Persons advancing and paying any such Money, as also all and evefy other Person and Persons who have already advanced any Monies to and for the Use of the said Trustee^for the Purposes of the said Acts or this Act, shall be repaid the fame out of any Monies, already raised or received, or to be raised or received, by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, together with Interest for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Time of advancing the same.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all the Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, shall, upon the said Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, cease and determine, and that the said Acts and this Act(subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions, herein-before mentioned) shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew' Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*11*

Cap. 53.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Horncafile, in the County of Lincoln.

[27th May 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Horncafile, in the County of Lincoln, certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, containing by Efti-mation One thousand Acres or thereabouts, and also divers ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds, and Homesteads, containing together by Efti-. mation Two hundred and fifty Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Honourable and Right Reverend Edward Venables, Lord Bish-.p of Car-lifts, in Right of his See, and the Right Honourable Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, Knight of the Mofl Honourable Order of the Bath, as h;s Lessee, is Lord of the Manor or Soke of Horncafile, and also of the Manor of Horncafile, and of the Soil of the Commons or Waste Grounds within the said Parish: And whereas the said Lord Bishop of Carlifie, in Right of his See, is entitled to the perpetual Advowson and Right of Prrfentation of, in, and to the endowed Vicarage of the Parish and Parish Church of Horncafile aforesaid, and the Reverend Clement Made/y is [Loc. & Per.] 11 H Vicar

95°

Commiflr.n-ers appointed.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Vicar thereof, and as such is entitled to all Manner of Tythes, both Great and Small, arising, growing, renewing, and increasing, within the said Parish of Horncastle, and to certain Glebe Lands and Hereditaments within the same, and also to a Right of Common on the said Fields and other Commonable Places in reflect of such Vicarage: And whereas the said Lord Bishop of Carlifie, and the said Sir Joseph Banks as his Lessee, Dame Jane Trafford, the Honourable Lewis Dymoke, Edward Harrifn Doctor of Medicine, Richard Clitherow, James Conington, Gentlemen; Francis Richard- son, William Bell. Daniel Allenby, Thomas Hawling, William Barton, Daniel Boyers, and divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, and of the ancient inclosed Lands, Messuages, Cottages, and Homcfteaas, within the said Parish, and are respectively entitled to Rights of Common and other Intenfts therein, in different Proportions: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-fi ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of inch Jure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fails usually required ou the pqffing of such Acts: And whereas the Lands and Grounds belonging to the said several Proprietors in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, together with the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State incapable of much Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to the several Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein, if the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, were divided, and specifick Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their reflective Property, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed, and Compensation made for the Tythes thereof, and of the said ancient inclosed Lands and Homesteads within the said Parish, in Manner herein-after mentioned; but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and ( Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Richard Smith of Sixhi/ls, in the County of Lincoln, Anthony Bower of the City of Lincoln, and John Bonner of Langton near Horncastle, in the same County, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be elefled in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, and allotting the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, and also such Part or Parts of a certain Common called Wildmcre Fen, as by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen ru/WWildmorr Fen, in the County of Lincoln, shall be set out or allotted to or for the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages and Lands within the said Parish of Horncastle, and for carrying this Act into Execution, fub-jedl to such of the Rules, Orders, and Directiors mentioned and contained in the said recited Act, as are not hereby altered or varied, and also subject to the several Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after mentioned and contained.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and each of them shall, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing the fame, be paid as a Recnmptnce for his Time at.d Trouble the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and no more, for each Day he shall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending in the Execution of this Act; and thac at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the said Commissioners shall, out of such Allowance, defray the Whole of their own Expences.

III. And be it further enacted, That wherever in this Act Power is given to the said Commissioners to do any Act, Matter, or Thing, or make any Orders, Rules, or Regulations whatsoever, such Power shall be considered as vested in them or any Two of them, and the said Commissioners may adjourn from Time to Time; and if Two Commissioners shall not appear at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, then and in such Case any One of the said Commissioners then present (or in case of no Commissioner then the Clerk or Solicitor) may adjourn such Meeting to a future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of Adjournment, and shall give Notice thereof to theabfent Commissioners; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Richard Smith, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refute, neglect, or be disabled to act, then and in every such Cale it shall be lawful to and for the said Clement Madely, or his Successors, within Two Calendar Months after such Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Disability, shall be signified in Writing to him or them by the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or either of them, and which he or they is or are hereby required to do as soon as may be after such Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Disability, is known to him or them, to elect and appoint a new Commissioner, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, in the Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, neglecting, or becoming disabled to act; and if the said Anthony Bower, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse, neglect, or be disabled to act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Sir Jof ph Banks, his Heirs or Assigns, with the Consent of the Lord Bishop of Carlisle for the Time being, within Two Calendar Months after such Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Disability, shall be signified in Writing to him or them by the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or either of them, and which he or they is or are hereby required to do' so soon as may be after such Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Disability, is known to him or them, to elect a new Commissioner, not inierested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, in the Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, neglecting, or becoming disabled to act , and if the said John Bonner, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein mentioned, shall die, refuse, neglect, or be disabled to act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment) of the Proprietors of or Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, so directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, except the said Clement Madeley

and

951

Allowance to Commissioners.

All Power*

vested in Two

Commission-

eis.

New Comm dinner- to he appointed on Vacancies,

952

Comm;(Tion-

ers to give No. tice ot Meetings.

Other Notices how to be given.

Surveyor apv pointed.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

and his Successors, and the said Sir Joseph Banks, his Heirs and Assigns), who shall be present at a Meeting to be appointed and heJd at Horncastle aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months after such Death, Refusal, Neg-led, or Disability, shall be signified to them or any of them in Writing by the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or either of them, and which he or they is or are hereby required to do as soon as may be after such Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Disability, is known to him or them, to elect and appoint a new Commissioner, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosurr, in the Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, neglecting, or becoming disabled to act, of which Meeting Notice shall be affixed upon One of the most publick outer Doors of the Parish Church of Horncajile aforesaid, upon some Sunday, at least Ten Days before such Meeting; and every such Election and Appointment shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and shall be delivered to the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner; and in case the said respective Parties, or any of them, shall make Default in appointing such new Commifli >ner, within Two Calendar Months after such Death, Refusal, Neglect, or Disability, shall happen and be known, and signified to them respectively as aforesaid, that then the remaining or surviving Commissioners or Commissioner shall, and they and he are and is hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands or his Hand, within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the said Two Calendar Months, allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Commissioner or Commissioners, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, in the Place of such Commissioner so dying, refuting, neglecting to ad, or becoming incapacitated; and every such new Commissioner so to be appointed in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution in all Refprds whatever, as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall have been so appointed and chosen, was veiled with by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given in the Parish Church of Horncastle aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately after Divin. Service, or by Writing under their Hands to be affixed on One of the melt publick outer Doors of the said Church, or by Advertisement to be inserted in the Stamford Mercury, of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting for the Execution of this Act, Seven Days at least before any such Meeting shall be holden, (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and that all such Meetings shall be held at Horncastle aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary orrequisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be so made and given by Advertisement in the said Newspaper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Gee of Little Houghton, in the County of York, Land Surveyor, shall be and be is hereby appointed Surveyor to ad in the Execution of this Act-, but in case of his Death, Incapacity, negk-ding, or declining to ad, then the said Commissioners shall and may appoint any other Person they may think proper.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Difpuce or Difference shall arise between any of th" Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Imercfts which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the lame, or touching or concerning any oilier M itter or Thing relating to the said intended Division and Inclolu e, it 11 all be lawful for the said Ch mmiffiohers, and they are hereby authorized to examine ine, hear, and determine the lame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Paid Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments

tvhatioever.

3Hi

IX. And belt further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing or Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob-iedtion or Objections, torbe delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said rfc'cited Ad, fee Caiife to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said ConrlmilTioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle* assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think realonablr, to be paid to the Party or Parties1 jh whose F.-.your any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be'made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Obj’djtion dt Objbdions, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case ’ the Person or Persons liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglid or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be Iaw-fal fer'the said Commiftidners, ‘and they are hereby authorized and required* by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Did rtfs add Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so degleding or refuting tO pay the fame, rendering the Overplus :if any) ori Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Govds and Chattels shall ffk'fte been so didrained and fold, after deduding the Costs and Charges attending such Didrtfs and Sale.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons intereded or claiming to be intereded in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Rights or Iotereffs in Over, Or upon the Lancs and Grounds within the said Parish of Horncajlk, Of any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so d fTtis. fied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the Lid Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holrien for the said County of Lincoln; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, B idies Politick or Corporate, who shall be biff tisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, Eodies Politick or Corporate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to name an Atrorntyor Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or fie Com-fnon Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Hires, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about [_Lac. & Per.'] 11 / the

953

Ccrrtmifllon-ers to settle Disputes.

Power to af* (els (Jolts.

Allowing Parties to fry their Bights by an Issue at Law.

954

TF any of the Parties die, Proceedings not to abate.

Commissioner< to dires> th Course of Husbandry.

Satlsfaflion to be made for Itanding Crops.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Ac-ti >n shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall let afidc such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful tortile Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Veiciidls shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or dilaliow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the Paid Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Walle Grounds or other Rights or Interesti in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Horttcajllc, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting nut causing such Action or Actions at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all Parties.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Acc, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as foun after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, by fume Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be published as herein-before is directed with respect to Notice of Meetings, order and direct the Course of Hufbindry that shall be used in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be divided and inclosed, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the said intended Division and Inclosure, as well with respect to the laying down, ploughing, lowing^ fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the flocking and eating the Fallows or Stubbles, and also to the cutting of Thorns or Bulhcs, or doing any Injury unto or upon the Lands intended by this Act to be divided and inclosed, until the same shall be divided and allotted; and by the fame or ar.y other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be published as aforesaid, shall and may make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, touching the Conduct of the Farmers, Tenants, and other Persons within the Parish of Horncastle aforesaid, for preventing them from committing Waste or Dcstruction upon any of the said Lands and Grounds in the said Parish, in the mean Time and until the Allotments and Division thereof shall be effected, as to them shall seem expedient; all which Rules, Orders, and Regulations, of the said Commissioners,-shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested, their Farmers, Tenants, and others.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, ascertain, order, and appoint, what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crops growing at the Time when the said intended Division and Inclosure shall be made, for the said Crops, by the Persons to whom the Lands on which such Crops are growing shall be

allotted,

955

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

allotted, uhlrfs such Owner or Owners shall eleC! and think fit to reap ind take away ihtr lame; and in c.ile of N n-payment of such Recommence and Satisfaction in Money for such Crops, at the Time and in Manner to be appointed for that Per; ole by the said Commissioners, or in cale of such Election to reap and take away the lame, thm and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for lueh Owner and Owners of such Crops, and his or their Servants or Agents, to enter into and u^on the Lands and Grounds whereon such Crops shall be growing, and to cut, reap, and carry away the said Crops, and to dispose thereof to his, her, and their own Use and Uses; and also that the Lid Commissioners shall, by tome Writing or Writings under their Hands, ascertain, order, and appoint, what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be paid, and to whom, for the Standage of Crops, by such Owner or Owners taking away the same as aforesaid; and also what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, of Lands within the said Parish, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring, of any Lands which shall be allotted to some other Person or Personsj for the Profit and Advantage which any such Person or Persons, to whom the said Lands shall be allotted, will obtain thereby, es for any I,ofs or Disadvantage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, will sustain by Means of (he laid D.vision and Inclosure; and if in either of the said Cases Jail mentioned, such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be made at the Time and in the Manner to be appointed by the said Comm (Boners, then the said Commissionerrs shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Warrant or Warrants they are hereby directed and empowered to grant accordingly) cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons required to make such Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattcels.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no old Green Swarth, Ground, Parcel of the Lands and Grounds intended to be incloled by Authority of this Act, and which hath not been ploughed or uled in Tillage for the Space of Seven Years Lft pad before the passing of this Act, shall be ploughed or converted into Tillage after passing the fame, until the making of such Division and Allotment thereof, and Notice given to enter upon such Allotments.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, before any other Allotment is made in pursuance of this Act, to set out and appoint (u.h Parcel or Parcels of Land not exceeding Five Acres in the Whole, in and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and in such convenient Place or Places as they shall think proper, to be used for the Purpose of getting Stone, Gravel, or other Materials for the Repairs of the Roads and Ways within the Lid Parish of Horncajile, and such Parcel or Parcels of Land shall be and are hereby vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish of Horncastle for the Time being, and their Successors, upon Trust for the Purposes in this or the said recited Act mentioned.

Against

ploughing old swarth.

All tinrnt

so K t oaii's of Roads.

956

Co i mi (Hollers to make Drains.

Power to turn or abate old Roads.

Allotment to the Vicar for Glebe.

Allotment for T>the.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may f< our our, widen, and enlarge, all such ancient Brook', Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, and Bridges, in the said Parish oi Horn-castle, and also shall and may set out and appoint such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, and build and erect such pubick and private Bridges, Banks, Sluices, Staunches, Gowts, Sewers, Cloughs, Gates, Stiles, Tunnels, and other Requisites, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, as ai o in, over, and ;hrough any ancient Inclosures within the said Parish of Horncaflle, making such Satisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures for the Damage done thereby, as they shall think reasonable (and of such Depth and Breadth, and in such Directions, as the said Commissioners shall think proper); and the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby directed and required, in and by their Award, to order and determ'ne by whom and at whose Expence, and at what Time and in what Manner, the said Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, publick and private Bridges, Banks, Sluices, Sraunche', Gowts, Sewers, Cloughs, Gates, Stiles, Tunnels, and other Requisites, ought by ancient Custont, or for other jo ft Reason, to be made a..d afterwards cleapfed, scoured, repaired, maintained, and kept in Repair.

XVII. And, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace, not interested in the Repair o( such Roads, acting in and for the Division of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln, to turn, abate, or exchange, any old publick or private Road or Way, Fence, Gate, Or Stile, in, through, over, or upon any of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Hcrncastle, which they shall or may think requisite to be turned, abated, or exchanged, for the Convenience of the said Parish and Owners of the Estates therein, and shall value and ascertain what Recompence shall be made to any Person or Persons to be affected thereby; and such Order shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in like Manner, and under the fame Forms and Re-striction$, as if the famC had, been originally made by such Justices; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person afterwards, either on Foot, or with Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, to ule or claim the Use of any old Road or Way within the said Parish, which shall have been turned, abated, or exchanged as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to divert or turn any Turnpike Road leading through or over the said Lands or Grounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to set out arid allot unto and for the said Clement Madely and his Successors, Vicars of Horncajllc aforesaid, such Parcel of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be a full Equivalent and Compenlauon for the urilnclosed Glebe Lands and Right of Common belonging to the said Vicarage.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to set

*3 out.

957

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

out, allot, and award, unto the said Clement Madely and his Successors;

Vicars of Horncastle aforesaid (over, above, and exclusive of the Lands and Grounds directed to be allotted to hitn and them as aforesaid, in lieu of his Glebe Lands and Right of Common), such Plots, Pieces, or Parcels of the said Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable and Walle Lands, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as shall, in the Judgement of the la HI Commissioners, be equal in Value to the several Proportions of the Residue of the Lands and Grounds within or belonging to the Parish of Horncastle aforesaid, next herein-after described (except such Part or Parts of the same as shall be claimed to be held discharged from Tythe to the aforesaid Vicarage, and proved to be so held to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners) , that is to say, to One-fifth Part of the Open Arable Lands, or usually deemed such (except such as have laid Lea or Grass for more than Six Years); to One-seventh Part of the annual Meadow Land in the Ings to One-eighth Part of all the ancient inclosed Lands, Open Cow Failures, and Lea Land; and to One-ninth Part of the Common Piece or Parcel of Land, to be allotted in Wildmore Fen for the Use of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish of Horncastle, and of all other Commonable and Walle Lands within the said Parish, which said Allotments shall be in lieu of, and in full Recompence and Compensation for the uninclosed Glebe Lands and Right of Common, and for all Tythes, both Great and Small, and all Modules and other Dues and Payments whatsoever, in lieu of Tyches belonging to the said Clement Madely and his Successors, Vicars of Horncastle aforesaid, arising, growing, renewing, or payable, within, upon, or for any of the Lands,

Grounds, and Homelleads, within the said Parish of Horncastle (except the usual and accustomed Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, and Mortuaries), all which said Tythes, and all ocher Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Horncastle (except as aforesaid), after such Allotments in lieu thereof shall be made, linked our, and Notice given as herein-after directed, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case there are arty Home- A Money Heads, Gardens, or other inclosed Lands, in the said Parish of Horn- b^defor cajllt, subject or liable to the Payment of Tythes, the respective Pro- the Tythes prictors whereof shall not happen to he entitled to any or a sufficient c'o'ur-'s'fn1"' Allotment to make Compensation for the Tythes payable thereout, such certain Cases. Proprietors shall respectively pay or cause to be paid unto the said Clement Madely and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid for the Time being, such annual Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in V-lue to One-eighth Part of such Homt(leads, Gardens, or other inclosed Lands, subject to such Variations from Time to Time, for ascertaining the Rent accoding to the Piice of Corn, as are provided for by an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, ‘An Act for dividing and aliening a certain Pen called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing the Parochial or General Allotments set out or to be set cut in pursuance of the said API, for compensating for the Tythes of such Allotments; and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Partjl.es the \_Loc, & Per.] 11 K several

958

Allotment for

Soil.

Encroachments within 30 Years to be deemed Part of the Wallei.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong-, and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required, in and by their Award to be made in pursuance of this Act, to particularize and set forth such Homesteads, Gardens, or other inclosed Lands, and the several Sums of Money to be paid out of the fame respectively, subject to such Va-liations as aforesaid, in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and at what Time or Times such Payments in lieu of Tythes shall commence, and the Tythes in lieu of which such Payments shall be made are to ccafe and determine; and in cale any Proprietor of such Homeileads, Gardens, or other inclosed Lands, shall, after the Execution of the said Commissioners Award, refuse or neglect to pay the several annual Sums of Money which shall be so awarded and directed to be paid in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid-, as the same shall become due, it shall be lawful to and for the said Clement Madefy and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, to recover the fame by Distress, upon the Premises out of which such Payment ought to be made, or upon any other Lands of such Proprietor within the said County of Lincoln (in like Manner as Landlords are by Law entitled to recover Kents in Arrear), together with the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale of the Goods taken by such Distress.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to set out and allot unto and for the said Lord Bishop of Carfijle, and the said Sir Joseph Banks as his Lessee, as Lord of the Manor of Horncastle aforesaid, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be equal in Value to One-twentieth Parc of all the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor (except the Common Piece or Parcel of Land, to be allotted in Wild-more Fen for the Use of the Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses and Lands in the said Parish of Horn-castle, for which Compensation for Soil is provided for by the said Act, passed for dividing the said Fen into Parochial Allotments) in lieu of all and every his the said Lord Bishop’s Rights and Interests whatsoever, in or to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, and which shall be accepted and taken by him accordingly, subject nevertheless to the Appropriation of a competent Part thereof, for the Purpose of holding the several publick Fairs and Markets for Cattle, which have been usually held or may hereafter be held, or legally established, at or within the Parish of Horncastle aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at any Time within Thirty Years before the passing of this Act, have been made upon the Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or for which any Quit Rent or Acknowledgement hath been usually paid to the Lord of the said Manor of Horncrjlle or to his Lessee, shall be deemed Part thereof, and allotted accordingly to the said Lord Bishop of Car life, and the said Sir Joseph Banks as his Lessee, in Part Satisfaction of his Right and Interest in or to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, without considering the Value of any Erections thereon or Improvements made thereto; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be settled and detcrinimd by the said Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, after setting out the publick Roads and the Allotments before directed to be fee out for Materials for the Highways, Glebe Tythes, and Soil, to apportion, divide, let out, and allot, the Residue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed in purl'uance of this Act, unto and amongst the several 1‘erlons who at the Time of making loch Division and Inclosure shall be entitled to Houses, Lands, Property, or Right rf Common, in or upon the fame, in Proportion and according to their respective Shares, Rights, Property, and Interdts therein, and in lieu of and full Satisfaction for the fame, to be ascertained and adjusted by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the said Commissioners shall item just and expedient, but subject to the Rules, Orders, and Rr-gulations, herein contained or referred to, and authorized to be established concerning the same.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Owner or Proprietor of any House or Toftstead shall be deemed or considered as entitled to any Right of Common or other Right whatLever, on the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, who were not allowed and determined to have Right of Common or other Right in the said Fen, called WUdmore Ftn, on the Division thereof, and which are not or shall not be set forth in the Award of the Commissioners made or to be made in pursuance of an Act, psflfed in the Fcrty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and allotting the said Fen, called Wildmore Fin.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all such Lands and Grounds as shall, by Authority and in pursuance of this Act, be allotted to any of the Proprietors, shall te held by such Proprietors respectively under the fame Tenures, Rents, Customs, and Services, as the Lands or other Property in relped of which such Allotments shall be made, were respectively held and enjoyed by the said Proprietors before the passing of this Act, or would have been held and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made; and the several Lands and Grounds, which in the said Award shall be distinguished to have been allotted in lieu cf Freehold Lands or other Property, ihal), from the making and executing thereof, be deemed Freehold Lands, and shall from thenceforth be held of the Lord of the Fee under the fame Rents and by the fame Services, as the Freehold Lands or other Property in lieu of which they were so allotted, were before that Time held} and the Lands and Grounds, which shall be therein distinguished to have been allotted in lieu of Lrafrhoid Lands or other Leasehold Property, shall be in like Manner deemed Leasehold, and shall be held under the fame Rents as the Lands or ocher Property in lieu whereof they were so respectively allotted, were held , and the Reversion thereof shall be vested in the fame Ltfiors respectively, as the Reversion of such other Lands and Property was vested before the making of this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVL. And whereas several of the Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Pre mites of the Proprietors within the said Parish of Horncajile, are subject and liable to the Payment of divers Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other annual Payments, to the others of the said Proprietors, and it

would

959

Alio*-merit of the Remaii.-dei.

No P-rfon to be allowed any Right of Common dif* allowed by the Social Com.nisi.on-ets.

Lands allotted or ex-t hanged to be of the l..me Tenure as the Lancs in respect of which they are allotted or exchanged*

Allotments to be made for Quit RuitT

960

Power to fence across Freeboards.

For fencing Glebe and Tythe Allotments.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53,

would be advantageous to all the Parties to have Lands allotted in "lieu thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Laid Commissioners, at the llequest in Writing of the respective Parties paying or receiving any such Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other Payments, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and appoint, unto and for each of the said several Proprietors, who at Uje Time of making such Division and Inclosure shall Le entitled to any such Quit Rent or Quit Rents, or other annual Payments, such Quantity or Quantities of Land, cut of the Property of each respective Iho-prietor liable to pay such Quit Rent or Quit Rents, or other annu.d Payments, who shall (o requett to be exonerated therefrom, lying within the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as the said Commissioners shall, in their Judgement and Discretion, think a reasonable Recompence and Satisfaction for each respective Quit Rent or other annual Payment; and that after such Allotments shall be made, the said several Quit Rents or other annual Payments shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XXVII. And whereas it may happen that fonu- of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in forne of the old inclosed Lordships adjoining the said Parish of Horncastle, at the Time of inclosing the fan e, left ouc a Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, on the Outficic of their Fences, which may now lie open to the Lands and Grounds by this Act dirtfted to be divided and inclosed, and that the Owners thereof may refuse to exchange the fame; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Proprietors in HorncaJUc aforesaid, who shall have any Allotment or Allotments set out by virtue of this Act, adjoining to any such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, to make any Fence or Fences over the fame, to jcin their respective Fences to the old Fence now made in any such adjoining Lordship, until the Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, shall think proper to remove his Fence to the Outside thereof; and when and so soon as the same shall be removed, to take away such Fences so by him, her, or them, made or set down as aforesaici, to and for his, her, and their own Ule.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, 7 hat the several Allotments to be made to the said Clement Madely and his Successors, Vicars ol Horncastle aforesaid, in lieu of his and their Glebe Lands, Right of Common, and Tythes, shall be fenced on all such Parts and Sides thereof, as shall not be ordered by the said Commissioners to be made by any other Proprietor, or are not made and maintained by some other Parish or Person at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments, and against all publick Roads, with good and substantial Fences, which Fences shall be planted with good thriving Quicksets of Whitethorns, guarded on both Sides with good Pods and Three Kails high, the Ports to be of Oak, and the Rails to be of Oak, Act, or some other durable Wood, and sufficient Ditches, with good and substantial Carriage Gates in the said Fences where necessary; and the said Fences shall be so made, and the Gates made and hung in such Time, and by such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall appoint to make and hang the fame, at the Expence of the rest of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted by virtue of this Act, in such Proportions, and to be paid at

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 961

such Time or Timer, as the said Commissioners, by any Writing under their Hands or by their said Award, shall order, direct, or appoint j and that all such Fences and Gates so to be made as aforesaid, shall for ever thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair by the said Clement Madely and his Successors, Vicars of Horncastle aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That until the Division and AI- Tythestobe lotments shall be made and finished in pursuance of this Act, the said payable until Clement Madely and his Successors, Vicars of Horncastle aforesaid, shall be made.* entitled to and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes as he or they could, might, or ought to have done, in ca'e this Act had not been made.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the several Parcels of Land For inclosing and Allotments which shall be set out and allotted by virtue of this Act

(except such Allotments as shall be made to the said Clement Madely, Proprietors and his Successors, Vicars of Horncastle aforesaid, for his and their Glebe Allotn enti. Lands, Rights of Common, and Tythes as aforesaid) shall be inclosed and fenced, and such Fences ac all Times for ever after the making thereof be supported, maintained, and kept in Repair, by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands or by their Award, shall order, direct, or appoint.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That such conve- openings to nient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the said Fences and Inclosures, l,c lelt-and for such Time as the said Commissioners shall, in-and by any Writing under their Hands or by theirs said Award, direct, for the Passage of

Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, through the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Settlements, tained shall extend, or be construed or adjudged to extend, to revoke, ^ejudisedt make void, annul, or alter any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Lease, or to prejudice any Person having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure,

Annuity, Rent, Debt, Charge, or incumbrance whatsoever, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or which shall be exchanged or assigned in Compensation for any other Estate or Right in pursuance of this Act respectively; but as well the Lands allotted, as the Tenements or other Hereditaments which shall be assigned in Exchange or in Compensation (or any other Estate or Right, shall, immediately after such Allotment, Exchange, or Assignment, shall be made, be veiled, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, assigned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall thenceforth (land and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Intents, Trulls, and Purposes respectively, and fobjeft and liable to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, and Remainders, Conditions, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, and Incumbrances, as the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments, Assignments, and Exchanges, shall have been made, should or would have flood severally limited, settled, veiled, or subject or liable to, or been held by, in case the lame had not been allotted, assigned, or exchanged, and this Act had not been made [_Loc. & Per.] n L (save

962 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

(save and except such Rents and Services as shall have been compensated for and extinguished, and such Leases and Tenancies at Rack Rent as shall become void by virtue of this Act), and subject nevertheless to all such Moitgages and Sales as shall be made by Authority of this or of the said recited Act.

Leases at

XXXIII. And be it further en.-sted, Thar all Leases, Agreements, and

be to 0"a'l'to* Tenancies, at Rack Rent now subsisting, of all or any Part of the th Lands to said l ands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, be aliootd or a)one or together with any Messuages, Cottages, ancient inclosed Lands, exchanged. &r other Hereditaments, lying within the Parish of Hornca/lle aforesaid,

shall, as to such Part of the Lands and Grounds comprized in such Leases or Agreements as are so directed to be divided and inclosed or exchanged, by virtue of this Act, cease, determine, and be void, immediately alter the making the several and respective Allotments and Divisions herein-before authorized and directed to be made, the respective Lessees or Tenants thereof first receiving or having duly tendered to them from the respective Proprietors of the said Premises, who have made or have assigned to them any such Leases or Agreements, such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain as reasonable and sufficient to be paid to such Lcffees or Tenants respectively, as an Equivalent for the Loss or Losses they shall respectively sustain thereby: Provided neverthe-leb, that no Lease or Leases affecting any of the Messuages, Cottages, Toftsteads, Lands, Hereditaments, or ancient Estates, in respect of which any Allotment or Allotments of the said Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided and inclosed shall be made by virti e of this Act, in lieu of and as a Compensation for any Rights of Common only, be rendered or made void (except such Leases as are or may be made determinable on the passing of this Act;) but that the same shall remain and continue in full Force and Virtue.

Prop.ietors

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any convey'com- Tcr^)n interested in the said Inclosure (except the said Clemct.t Madefy and mo,. Rights (e- his Successars, Vicars as aforesaid, the Churchwardens and Overseers of th-ir o/her" t^le P°or Par'^ of Hornca/lle, and the Person or Persons to whom

Property. any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in Trust for any College, Chapel, School, Kospital, Poor, or other publick Use or Charily) at any Time before the Execution of the said Award, to sell and dispose of all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, as he or she shall have in, to, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or in, or to any Allotment to be made in respect of any Common Right therein by virtue of this Act, and to convey the same to the Purchaser by Deed or other Writing, according to the Tenure of the Estate or Interest in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, separate from the Estate or Other Interests in righc whereof he or she is or shall be so entitled, subject nevertheless to all Settlements, Mortgages, Charge, and Incumbrances, affecting such Estate or Interest; and all Sales, Conveyances, and Contrafts for Sale, of such Common Rights or Allotments respectively, shall be and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual, and the fame Common Rights or Allotments may be granted and conveyed accordingly, Lbject to such Incumbrances as aforesaid; and every such Sale, being specified and set forth in the Award of the said Commissioners, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever;

963

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

evir-, and the said Commissioners shall award such Allotments to the Purchasers thereof rel'ptftively.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Power to fell Person who shall be entitled to and seised in Fee Simple of any Allot- cent's before ment to be made by virtue of this Act, to sell and dispose of all his or Execution of her Estate, Kight, Title, and Interest therein, at any Time before the AwiU ’ Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, and a proper Conveyance thereof being executed or passed, every such Sale being mentioned, expressed, or declared, by the said Commissioners in their said

Award, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Application shall and may, either by their Award or by any other Writing or Writ- of Penalties, ings under their Hands to take Effect in the mean Time and until the said Award shall be executed, order, direct, and appoint, when and to whose Use, and in what Proportions and Manner, all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures which may be incurred by any Person or Persons not conforming to the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners, herein authorized and required to be made and published for settling the Course of Husbandry to be used in and over the said Lands and Grounds, until the completing the said Division and Allotments, shall be paid and applied, and thereby to impose Penalties on all such Persons as shall plough any old Green Swarth Ground before the making of the said Division and Allotments, and on such as shall not conform to the Orders of the said Commissioners for ceasing the Right of Common over the said Fields, Lands, or Grounds, and to direct to whom, when, and in what Manner also the same shall be paid and applied, so that no such Penahy shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds on any Person for any One Offence , and also direct and appoint what Recompence or Satisfaction in Money shall be paid unto or by any of the said Proprietors, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, by or unto the last Owner or Possessor of any Lands so to be allotted, for or in respect of the State or Condition in which such Lands may happen to be at the Time when the new Owner is to enter into the Possession thereof, and to appoint a Time or Times for Payment of such Satisfaction respectively; and also to order and award, issue, and pay, such Recompence and Satisfaction as they shall think jurt and reasonable to be made to any Owner, Tenant, or Occupier, who shall or may receive Damages in his Lands, Crops, or Fences, by and in consequence of making the said Division and Allotments, or any publick or private Drains or Watercourses over the same as aforesaid, or otherwise to order and appoint by whom and when such Recompence and Satisfaction shall be paid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That for the convenient Situa- Exchanges to tion and Disposition of the several Farms and Lands within the Parish of be raadc-Horncastle aforesaid, to the several Owners or Proprietors thereof upon the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Content of the Owners, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or in Right of or in Trust for any Church, College, Corporation, Hospital, Parish,

School, Poor, or other publick, pious, or charitable Use, or the Truf-

tees.

964

For borrow* ing Money.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53;

tees, Committees, Guardians, Attornies, or Agents, or Persons acting as such of the Owners, Tenants for Life or in Tail, of any Messuages, Tenements, old Inclosures, or other Lands or Grounds, with.n the said Parish of Horncajile, or any Parish, Town, or Place, adjoining or near thereto, certified by any Writing under the Hands of such Owners, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or under the Hands of his, her, or their Truf-rees. Committees, Guardians, Attornies, or Agents, or Persons acting as such, and not otherwise, to assign, allot, set out, and appoint, any Messuages. Tenements, old Inclosures, or other Lands or Grounds, Rents, Revenues, or other their Rights and Interests therein, lying within the said Parish of Horncajile, or any Parish, Township, or Place, adjoining thereto, which belongs to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in lieu of or in Exchange for any other Messuages, Tenements, old Inclosures, or other Lands, Grounds, Kents, Revenues, or other Rights or Interests in, or issuing out of any other Messuages, Tenements, old Inclosures, or other Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Horncajile, or in any Parish, Township, or Place, lying near or adjoining thereto; so that all and every such Exchange and Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the said Award; and so that all and every such Exchange and Exchanges to be made by the said Clement Madely and his Successors, Vicars of Horncajile aforesaid, be made by and with the Consent of the said Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and of the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons who, after such Division and Inclosure to be made as aforesaid, shall be Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of any of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, or of any Part thereof, or for the Hufb.mds, Guardians, Trullees, Committees, or Attornies, of or for any of the said Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable to act for themselves, and for every of them, and for any of the said Owners or Proprietors being Tenants for Life or in Tail, or for Years determinable on Lives, or any other Contingencies, and for every of them respectively for the Time being (except the said Clement Madely and his Successors, Vicars of Horncajile aforesaid), by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners, in Writing under their Hands and Seals from Time to Time either before or after the Execution of the said Award, to charge the several Lands and Grounds which shall be comprized in such respective Allotments or any Part thereof, with any Sum or Sums of Money at the Dileretion of the said Commissioners, not exceeding Three Pounds for every Acre of the Land and Ground lo to be allotted as aforesaid, to be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate and appoint, in order to be applied and disposed of for and towards paying and defraying the respective Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences incident to and amending such Division and Inclosure as aforesaid, and of obtaining this Act ansi executing the fame; and for securing the Repayment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, to grant, mortgage, or demifu, the Lands and Grounds so to be charged therewith, unto any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame respectively, for any Term or Number of Years-, io that every such Grant or Demise be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, when such Sum and Sums of Money thereby securtd, with the Interest

9^5

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied and so that in every such Grant or Dcmil’e to be made by any Person or Persons entitled only as Tenant or Tenants in Tail or for Life, or Years determinable on Lives, or upon any other Contingency, there be contained a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest of the Money thereby to be l'ecured, during his, her, or their respective Lite or Lives, or for lb long as he, she, or they, shall continue leifed of such Lunds, Allotment or Allotments respectively, lo that no Person afterwards becoming possessed of or entitled to such Lands or Grounds so to be charged with any Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall have commenced; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witntfles, at the Request of such of the said Owners and Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on Lives, or upon any other Contingency, who shall respectively pay and discharge his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Charges and Expences aforesaid, to authorize and empower such Owners and Proprietors thereof respectively, to charge and subject the Lands and Grounds so to be allotted to such Owners and Proprietors thereof respectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable, not exceeding Three Pounds p;r Acre, with Interest for the same as aforesaid, which Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged as aforesaid, shall be payable within One Month next after the Decealeof every such Tenant in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on Lives, or other Contingency respectively, with the Interest thereof, to be computed from his, her, or their respective Decease, unto such Person or Persons as such respective Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on Lives, or other Contingency, shall respectively, by Deed or Will duly executed and attested, direct and appoint, and in Default thereof to his or their Executors or Administrators; and every Granr, Mortgage, Appointment, and Demise, or Charge by Deed or Will as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Purpose thereby intended.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds so be charged with any Sum or Sums of Money, shall duly pay and keep down the Interest during their respective Lives; and that no Person becoming possessed of such Lands and Grounds afterwards, shall be liable to pay any Arrear of Interest, further than One Year preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall have commenced; buc that all Arrears above One Year before the Death of any such Proprietor, shall be paid by the Executors or Administrators of such Person so dying, in a Course of Administration.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be advanced by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, shall be repaid, with lawful Interest, to such Person or Persons, out of the first Monies to be raised for defaying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

\Lt(. fi? Ptr.~\ it M XLI. And

For keeping down the Interest.

Infereltto b6 paid for Money advanced,

966

Commissioners may borrow Money to pay Expences, till Sale of Land for that Purpose.

Power to fell Land for defraying the Expences of this Act.

Proprietors to have the Refuftl of purchasing their Share of the Lind directed to be sold.

Deficiency if any, to be made good by Pioprie-tors.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $3-

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners to borrow and take up at Interest of any Person or Persons willing to advance and lend the fame, fuc'n Sum and Sums of Money as shall from Time ro Time be necessary for defraying the Charges and Expences of executing this Act, until the same shall be raised by Sale of Land as herein-after mentioned , which Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, shall be a Charge upon the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pafturts, Commonable and Waste Lands, intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, until the same shall be raised and repaid by such Sale as aforesaid, with Interest for the same.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ascertain what Shares or Proportions of the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, will in their Judgement be sufficient to raise a competent Sum of Money for defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, of paying the Fees of the Commissioners, Surveyor, and Solicitor, of forming the Roads, of Ring-fencing the Tythe Allotments, and of all other incidental Expences attending the Execution of th's Act, in relation to the several Matters aforesaid; and such Shares or Proportions so ascertained, shall be sold or disposed of (Six Week-. Notice thereof being first given) in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, and the Purchase Money shall be applied for the Purposes aforesaid.

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners of any of the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, shall be desirous of purchasing his, her, or their respective Shire or Shares of the Lands and Grounds, or the Value thereof, lo directed to be sold, he, she, or they, shall have the first Offer or Refusal thereof, at the Price fixed thereon by the said Commissioners.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money arising by the Sale of such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to defray all the Costs, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, then the Deficiency shall be made up by the several Persons interested in the said Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands (other than and except the said Clement Madefy and his Successors. Vicars as aforesaid), and shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, within such Time, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall direct, nominate, and appoint; or in case any Expence shall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Person or Persons, and not out of the Money to be raised for the general Purposes of this Act, then the same shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and by such Person or Persons, and within such Time, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall direct, nominate, or appoint; and in case any Person herein before made subject to the Payment of any Money towards such Charges and Expences as atore-fuid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof, within the Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or at any Time after upin 4 _ ' ' 1 Demand,

9 67

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $3-

Demand* the same shall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XL Vi And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges, and Ex- Expences of pences, attending the making of any Sales, Exchanges, or Partitions, ch'ngesUow to be made by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be paid, to be paid, borne, and defrayed, by the several Persons making such Sales, Exchanges, and Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall, by their Award or other separate Writing under their Hands, order and direct.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and every Year, during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed to be laid be-from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and fM'e Audi-they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account °r' of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act, such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before, examined, and balanced, by Francis Rockcliffe, of West Ashby in the said County of Lincoln, Clerk,

William Hirjl Simpson of Houghton in the said County, and Henry Porter Wilson of Alford in the same County, Gentlemen, or any Two of them, who are hereby appointed Auditors for that Purpose; and in case of their Retufal to act, then by such other proper Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to be appointed for that Purpose by the Majority in Value of the Proprietors liable to the Payment of the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, and the Balance by the said Anditors shall be stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unlel's the same shall have been duly allowed by the said Auditors as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by Award where the said Commissioners, shall be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for to be inrolled the Parts of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln, and afterwards depofued and llePolued-in the Parish Church of Horncastle aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Allowing an shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done Appeal, in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders, Determinations, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners are directed to be binding, final, or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Issue or Issues at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) he, she, or they, may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the said Parts of Lindsey, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices of such General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Cods, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering

968 43° GEORGII III. Cap.'53.

dering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distref* and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XLIX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest (other than such as are meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act), as they and every of them had and enjoyed, of, in, and to, or in respect of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

General

Saving.

This Act to be printed by the King’s Printer, and may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice as a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

i: ./

1 L-i

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 54.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty and the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke\ and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the Road from the Guide Post; in the Township of Slyne with Heft, to a Place called Heft Bank in the said Township.

[1 ith June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 24 Geo. a. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland: And whereas by Two Acts made in the28G*». 2: Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty and the Thir-13 Get. 3. teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the public [Loc. fc? Per.] 11 N High-

970

22 Geo. 3.

Acts continued.

Additional Trustees for the Road from Pregion to GarJIang.

Additional Trustees for the Road

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $4.

Highways and Turnpike Roads of that Part of Great Britain called England, Two additional Terms of Five Years were added to the Term granted by the said Act: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for cort nuing the Term of the said first-recited Act: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Acts of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, have made great Progress in repairing the Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid and the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts are further continued and the Powers thereof altered and made more effectual: And whereas if Power was given to the said Trustees to maintain and support the Road leading out of the present Turnpike Road at or near the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Heft, in the County of Lancaster, to or near a Place called Heft Bank in the said Town-snip, it would be attended with great Convenience to all Persons residing near or travelling the said Road: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisionsj Authorities, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such Parts thereof as are hereby altered, varied, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties,) shall be and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration of the Term granted by all the said recited Acts, for and during *he Term herein-after mentioned as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the said Roads, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said last-recited Acts and this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Marquis of Douglas and Clydeft-dale, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Lord Stanley, John Dent, Esquire, John Horrocks, Esquire, The Reverend Thomas Butler, Clerk, Lawrence Raws-torne, Esquire, Major Lawrence Rawftorne, junior, William Threlfall, Robert Harris, Clerk, Fofter Whitehead, Geoffrey Hornby, Clerk, ‘Thomas Shuttleworth Grimftiaw, Clerk, and John Grimjhaw, junior, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for putting the said Acts in Execution, so far as relates to the District of Road leading from Preston to Garftang.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Marquis Douglas and Clydejdale, John Dent, Esquire, Thomas Allman, Thomas Albright, William Atkinson,

William

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 54; 971

IVilliim Waltham Atkinson, Josiah Baxendale, John Brockbank the younger, from Gar-"John Bell, Peter Bell, The Reverend Thomas Butler, Ralph Butler, Johnftan£,10. Ht,r' Baldwin, Richard Batejon, Thomas Bond, 7o/?>« Bond, Thomas Bowes, Tho- mas Blackburn, Robert Bradley, Robert Greene Bradley, John Cumpjly,

James Carter the younger, Robert Camming, John Camming, John Dovj-iiggin, John Bennifon, John Dockray, Isaac Darwen, William Bdwjon,

Richard Edmondson, Anthony Eidsforth, John Ford the younger, Esquire,

Henry Fielding, Esquire, Joseph Fielding, Esquire, Edward Fayrer, Richard Gibson, John Gardner, Henry Gardner, Edward Greenalgh, Esquire, Thomas Giles, Samuel Gregson, Thomas Greene, Esquire, Thomas Greene the younger,

Robert Gillow, John Higgin, The Reverend Robert Houjman, Clerk, William HouJman, William Hejl, John Jenkinson, Thomas Inman, James Lodge,

Esquire, John Langjhaw, Mark Mather, Thomas Millers, Thomas Majon,

John Procter of Queen's Square in Lancaster, The Reverend Thomas Postlethwaite, Thomas Hodgson Padgett, James Parkinjon, John Peacock, Edmund Winjlanly Rigby, Esquire, Jacob Ridley, Abraham Rawlinjon the younger,

Richard Sill, Doctor of Physic, The Reverend Henry Sill, The Reverend James Stainbank, Edward Salisbury, Nicholas Salisbury, Benjamin Satterthwaite, Thomas Satterthwaite, Thomas Walling Salisbury, William Sanderson. The Reverend Thomas Saul, Peter Woodhouse Sykes, John Stout, William Swainson, Abraham Seward, Richard Sparling, Thomas Tomlinjon, Edmund Thornton, Esquire, William Tatham, Alexander Worjwick, Richard Worjwick, John Taylor Wilson, Richard Wakefield, John Welsh, Timothy Welsh, Stephen Winder, Thomas Woods, James Watjan, John Wation,

John Willock, and Richard Willock, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for putting the said Acts in Execution, so far as relates to the District of Road leading from Garjlang to Heiring Syke.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Road leading out of the Power to represent Turnpike Road at or near the Guide Post in the Township of pair new Slyne with Hejl, in the County of Lancaster, to or near a Place called HejlRoails-Bank in the said Township, shall be, and the fame is hereby placed under

the Care and Management of the Trustees for the District of Road leading from Garjlang to Heiring Sykes and shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the said District of Road to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever j and all the Powers and Authorities contained in the said recited Act shall be extended to the said Road in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Former Tolls Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, shall repeale<* be, and the same are, hereby repealed.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees for the District of Road from Preston to Garjlang, to demand and°rgmPrtjhm

take to Garjtan%.

972

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

take the respective Tolls following, at the several Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall be crested upon or on the Sides of the ('aid Dif-tridl of Road; (that is to say,) For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Curricle, or Hearse, drawn by Four or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two or Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Six-pence: For every Stage Coach drawn by Four or more Horses, and conveying, or capable of conveying, more than Six Inside Passengers, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence: For every Chaise, Chair, or Taxed Carr, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Three-pence: For every unladen Waggon the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence: For every laden Waggon having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, the Sum of Three Shillings: For every laden Waggon having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, the Sum of Two Shillings: For every unladen Mill-Stone Carriage having Four Wheels, the Sum of One Shilling: For every laden Mill-Stone Carriage, having Four Wheels, the Sum of Two Shillings: For every unladen Cart, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, the Sum of Two-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Afies, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by Three or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Afies, the Sum of Four-pence: For every laden Cart having the Fellies of the Wheels ’of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Asses, the Sum of Six-pence; and drawn by Three or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Afies, the Sum of Nine-pence: For every laden Cart having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, the Sum of Three-pence* and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Afies, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by Three or mote Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Afies, the Sum of Sixpence: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny: For every Drove of Oxen, Cowr, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs the Sum of Six-pence per Score, a-nd so in Proportion for every greater or less Number.

New Toll*

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the Difiritt of on Road Road from Garjlang to Heiring Syke, shall and may, and they are hereby {/ian foliar aut^or'zet^ and empowered to demand and take the respective Tolls ingSykt. " following at the several Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall be erected upon or on the Sides of the said District of Road, (that is to say,) for every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Curricle or Hearse drawn by Four or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence; and drawn by Two or Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Nine-pence: For every Stage Coach drawn by Four or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, andconvejing or capable of conveying more than Six Inside Passengers, the Sum of Three Shillings: For every Chaise, Chair, or Taxed Cart,

drawn

973

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny: For every unladen Waggon the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence: For every Waggon laden with Coal, Cannel, Turf,

Wood for burning, or other Fuel, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence:

For every Waggon laden with any other Goods or Things, the Sum of Three Shillings1. For every unladen Millstone Carriage having Four Wheels, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence: For every laden

Millstone Carriage having Four Wheels, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every unladen Care or other Carriage than above mentioned, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny s and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by Three or more Horses, Mares,

Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny: For every Cart or other Carriage than above mentioned, laden with Coal, Cannel, Turf, Wood for burning, or other Fuel, and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny i and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Four or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Sixpence: For every Cart or other Carriage than above mentioned, laden with any other Goods or Things, and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Three or more Horses, MareS,

Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Nine-pence: For every Horse, Mare,

Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny: For every Drove of Oxen, Cow’s, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion fur every greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for every greater or less Number, and the said several Tolls authorized by this Act, to be taken on the said respective Districts of Road, shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees for the said Districts, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Restrictions, (except where altered by this Act,) as are contained in the said Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Power to for the said Trustees for the District of Road from Garjlang to Heiring erefl a Turn-Syke, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authoriz- ""r ed to erect or cause to be erected a Gate or Turnpike on or across the cc-'°rt said Road at or near the Town of Scoff Orth, and at such Gate or Turnpike; to demand, take, and levy, or cause to be demanded, taken, and

levied, the Tolls hereby granted or any of them.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Person or Persons ha». Persons travelling with any Horse, Carriage, or Cattle, on the said ^g P*id«

ILoc. fif Per.] 1; 0 Didtridt0ne Gate "»

974 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

pass tv rough Distrlft of Road from Gar Jiang to Heiring Syke, who shall have paid Gate*Toll- hereby granted at any one of the Gates or Turnpikes

free. erected or to be erected on the said last-mentioned District of Road,

shall, on producing a Ticket denoting the Payment thereof (which Ticket the Collectors are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll), be permitted on the same Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock the next Night) to pass Toll free through the next Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the said last-mentioned District of Road, with the dame Horse, Carriage, or Cattle.

Persons pro- X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall pay the Ticket to respective Tolls by this Act granted and made payable for the Pading of pass Toll- any Carriage, or any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, at any of the Gates or free. Turnpikes to be continued or erected on either of the said Districts, then,

upon producing a Note or Ticket of the Day denoting such Payment, he or they shall be permitted to return and repass with the fame Horse, Bead, or other Cattle or Carriage, at any Time or Times as often as he or they shall think proper during the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next Night) Toll-free through the fame Gate or Turnpike; which said respective Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the said Tolls, any Thing contained in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Repeal of Exemption for Carters, &c. in Act 24 Geo. 2.

XI. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, it is among other Things enacted, that every Carter and other Person carrying Goods for Hire from Ulverstone and other Parts of the County of Lancaster, lying beyond the Sands to the Town of Lancaster on every General Poll: Day for the said Town, and paying Toll at the Gate or Turnpike Handing northward of Beamont Four Lane Ends in the Township of Skerton, should, on producing the Ticket for that Day, be allowed to pass through the said Gate or Turnpike gratis on the Day then next following: And whereas the said Exemption is now become inapplicable and detrimental to the said Roads, as the Letters that were formerly conveyed from Lancaster by the Carriers are now sent by the General Poftj be it therefore enacted, That the said Exemption shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

For borrow-

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Security or Securities for the ing Money, several Sums of Money that shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and this Act, and the Interest thereof, shall be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, ‘videlicet:

Form of Af- " virtue of several Acts pa fifed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His signment. " " late Majesty, and the Twenty-second and Forty-third Years of His

" present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Prejion to Lancaster, and " from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of " Lancaster and Westmorlandt We of the Trustees for that Part of the " said Road from to whose Hands

, ' " and

97 5

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 54,

f* and Seals are hereto subscribed and set in Consideration of the '* Sum of to the Treasurer or Treasurers of

" the said Part of the said Road in Hand paid do grant, bargain, fell, and " demise unto A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising from the said Part of the said Road, and of the Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said tc Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum

" due and owing on the Credit thereof, to be had and holden from this " Day of in the Year of our Lord

" and during the Continuance of the said Acts,

" unless the said Sum of with Interest

" at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be

" sooner paid and satisfied."

And that Copies of all such Mortgages and of all Assignments thereof shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said respective Trustees.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons Mortgagee to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgages or Assignment or Alignments may a%n-of the Tolls shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time to assign over or transfer such Security or Securities or any Share thereof, and all or any Part of the Monies due thereon, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing an Instrument to be annexed to such Security, or by Indorsement on the fame in the following Words or Words to the like Effed,

videlicet:

" r A.B. do hereby transfer the within Mortgage [// by Indorsement, or Form of " if by a separate Instrument, a certain Mortgage] bearing Date the Transfer.

" Day of of the Tolls arising on

" the Road from to authorized

" to be made and kept in Repair by virtue of several Acts passed in the " Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty, 3nd the Twenty-second and " Forty-third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from " Preston to Lcmcaster, and from thence to a Place called lleiring Syke,

" that divides the Counties of Lancaster and V/eftmorland, and all my " Right and Title to the Principal, Money, and Interest, thereby secured ,c unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Afilgns. Dated this " Day of

" A. B

All which Transfers shall be produced or notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said respective Trustees within One Month after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, specifying the Dates, and the Names, Additions, and Places of Abode of the several Parties, and the Sum or Sums of Money thererein transferred, for whch the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-pence, and no more by the Person or Persons to whom such respective Transfers shall be made, which said Book or Books shall and may be inspected at all fcasonable Times by any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be paid to such Clerk or Clerks for every such

Inspection

976

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Infptftion and after such Entry made, but not till then every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignees mav in like Manner assign again and so toties quoties, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made any such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage or Assignment or any Monies due thereon.

XIV. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against the said recited Acts and this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Trustee and Trustees for putting in Execution the said recited Acts of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, and all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against; the said recited Acts or this Act, shall and tnay cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen, videlicet:

gE it remembered. That on the Day of,

in the Year of Our Lord , A. B.

is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of , [Specifying the Offence, 'Time, and Place

When and where the Janie was committed, as the Case shall be~\. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above mentioned."

Application

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or af-of Compea- sessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-amo" TiiT" taken, or uled by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any

toTwoHun. Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under dred Pounds, any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in 2 summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments), in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled to the fame, or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or

Form of Conviction.

a

a

it

977

4i° GF.ORGII III. Cap. 54.

used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or ftirh of them a', at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efftft; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments when purchased taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity ,han Two as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall Hundred exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall "n<1 at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to i'we.,tyns the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased taken or used, Pouncs.

or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein before directed so far as the Case shall be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVII. Provided also and be it further enacted, That when such Money Application so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than *hen th.e , Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to thrnTwemy the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have Pounds, been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased,

taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That One Moiety of the Charges and Ex- Expences of pences attending the obtaining and parting this Act shall be paid out of any Act

978

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance oi the Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Monies arisen or to arise upon the District of Road from Preston to Garftang, and the other Moiety thereof out of any Monies arisen or to arise upon the District of Road from Garftang to Heiring Syke.

XIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without specially pleading the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and together with the said recited Acts of the Twenty-fourth Year of His late Majesty and the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, be put in Execution during the Terms now to come and unexpired of the said Acts and from thence for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. r bo3.

jfcA ir-t a \0 t;as;

Van i. lime jod i;i

banbio: has bivoiun. v.

U.i'j ,'ti

i# 1) y>i\* ;x A

lijejlQ 1, ;n;.j , ‘ ' J

J bflu JurtilBti®

:ru V

:<l 5 1 Ul l-r'SA

}i( a bA

w/V <1 lf» ;£’>

V\ ;i <v c". -

k i* i? O ffttr

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

jiw*

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Alloa; for paving, cleaning, and lighting the Town of Alloa> and for other Purposes therein mentioned.-

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to con- «G*o. 3.

tinue and render more effectual so much of an Act, passed in the ITwenty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour: And whereas the Trustees, in virtue of the Powers committed to them by the said Act, have not only kept the said Pier and Harbour in Repair, but built a new Pier, whereby the said Hatbour has been greatly improved, and rendered more fafc and commodious for the Ships and Vessels resorting thereto; to defray the Expence of which the said 1 rultees have been under the Nc* ceflity of contracting a Debt of Six hundred and hxty-mne Pounds Four Shillings and One Penny: And whereas it has been found that the Duties upon the Tonnage granted by the said recited Act are inadequate for keeping the said Harbour in Repair, and for paying and discharging the said Debt; and it is expedient that the said Act should be amended: And whereas the only Access to and from the said Harbour lies through the Town of AUoa, the Streets and Lanes whereof are very ill paved, and

Cap. 55.

[i ith June 1803.]

in

982

Trustees ap-jvointed by Act 16 Geo. 3. may levy certain Rates on Goods, &e. exported or imported.

Trufrees to fix Rates on Articles n< t specified in the Schedule.

Exempting Articles belonging to Ail: a Glass-house.

Converting the Po<w into a Wet Dock.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

in general incommodious and unsafe for Passengers, are neither cleansed or lighted, and are subject to various Nuisances and Obstiuftions; and it would be of great Utility arid Advantage to the Trade and Commerce of the said Town and Harbour; and would likewise tend to the Convenience, Benefit, and Safety of the Publick, as well as of the Owners and Inhabitants 6f Houses in the said Town of Alloa, if the said Streets and Lanes were properly paved, cleansed, and lighted, and all Nuisances and Obstructions removed and prevented, and a Market established ;n the said Town: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Health and Comfortof the Inhabitants of the said Town of Alloa if a proper Supply of good and wholesome Water were procured for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town; but which several Objects cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Amhbrity of the fame, That* from and after the Twenty-fourhDay of yune OrA thbufarid eight hundred and three1, the Trustees rtortuftjted and app inted by and at present acting under the said recited Act, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and collect from the Mailer or Commander, Owner or Owners, of every Ship or other Vessel which shall lade or unlade, take on board or difdiarge, at or from the said Pier, or from any Merchant or other Person whatsoever, owning and lading or unlading, or importing or exporting, any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, or other Articles whatsoever, the several Rates and Duties mentioned and contained in the Table or Schedule hereunto annexed.

Tl. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to ascertain and fix such reasonable Rates and Duties to be paid upon the lading or unlading, importing and exporting of any Article or Commodify not specified or enumerated in the said Table or Schedule hereunto annexed, in Proportion to the several Rates and Duties therein specified, as they shall think fit, not exceeding Three-pence on the Barrel Bulk; which Rares and Duties when so fixed and ascertained by the said Trustees or their Successors, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the fame had been enumerated in this Act, or in the Table or Schedule hereunto annexed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Goods or Articles which shall or may be laden or unladen on board, of or from any Ship or Vessel at a certain Pier in or near the said Harbour, belonging to the Proprietors of the Ailoa Glass House, shall be exempted from the Rates and Duties hereby granted, provided such Goods or Articles shall be the Produce of, or necessary to be made Use of in the said Manufactory.

IV. And whereas it would greatly tend to the Benefit of the Shipping of the said Harbour, if the Old Pow, or Part thereof, were converted into a Bason or Wet Dock; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Consent of the Proprietor of the Eftace of Mar,

when

983

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

when they shall be of Opinion their Funds will admit of it, to make and conltruft the said Old Pew, or such Fart thereof, as they shall think proper, into a Bason or Wet Dock, and to erect and make such Piers and Flood Gates as may be necessary for that Purpose, and to levy and col-left from every Ship or Vessel going into or using the said Wet Docks, any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings per Ton, over and above all other Rates.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Cutters and other Vessels, belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty, shall be exempted from the Payment of all and every the Rates and Duties hereby granted.

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be levied and received of the Rates and Duties by the said Act, or this Act imposed, and which shall be recovered for Forfeitures incurred under and by virtue of the said Act, or of this Act, shall by the said Trustees be applied in the First Place in Payment of the Sums borrowed and advanced, in virtue of the said Act, or to be bor* rowed and advanced in virtue of this Act, and thereafter applied to the other Purposes in the said former Act and in this present Act fptcified in relation to the said Harbour-, and the Overseers of the Duties appointed by the said former Act shall also be Overseers of the Rates and Duties hereby granted, and the Receipts and Disbursements thereof, with the fame Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities, as are contained in the said Act, and not hereby altered or varied.

VII. And, in order to enable the said Trustees to payoff and discharge the aforesaid Sum of Six hundred and sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and One Penny, contracted by them in building the Addition to the Pier as before mentioned, and to execute and complete the Purposes specified in the said recited Act and this Act; be it further enacted, That they shall have full Power, and are hereby authorized to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds Sterling, and to assign and make over the aforesaid Rates and Duties by the said recited Act and this Act granted, to the Person or Persons from whom the Money shall be so borrowed, for Re-payment of the Sums of Money so to be lent, with Interest due thereupon, in Manner directed by the said recited Act: Provided always, that when the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds shall be paid off and discharged, the said Trustees may in like Manner again borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the aforesaid Sum.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, if they shall think proper so to do, to reduce the aforesaid Rates and Duties, wish Consent of Five Sixths in Value of the Creditors thereon, and again to raise the fame, from Time to Time, as Circumstances shall require, but in such Manner as never to exceed the Rates and Duties herein-before granted: Provided always, that the said Trustees, as soon as the Money borrowed is paid off, shall and are hereby authorized to lower such Rates and Duties to such Proportions thereof as may be necessary for keeping and maintaining the aforesaid Harbour in good and sufficient Repair, and again to raise the fame

Exempting His Majesty's Ships irora Duties.

Application of Duties anti Penalties.

Trustees empowered to borrow a Sum not exceeding 5000l.

When the Money borrowed is paid off, Trustees may lower the Rates*

984

Truflres may make Bye Laws, &c.

Directing Bye Laws not to have Effect until allowed by Judges of Afliies, or Magittrntes in Ouartcs Ssf-lions.

Penalty for eluding Payment of Rates*

For securing Payment of the Rate* and Duties.

43" GliORGII III. Cap. 55.

fame in Manner aforesaid, when the Situation of the Harbour shall require it.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Time or Times, to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, for the whole and complete Superintendance and Management of the said Harbour, and to impose and inflid such reasonable Fines or Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against any such Rules, Bye Laws, or Orders, as to them shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling for any Offence; which laid Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing, and subscribed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be binding upon, and observed by all Parties using, or in any Way concerned in the said Harbour, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity tojuftify all Persons who shall act under the fame, provided that they be not inconfiltenc with, or repugnant to, the Laws of this Realm, or to the Privisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them; and provided that such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders shall be affixed on the Market Cross of the said Town, and hung up in the Office of the Shore Mailer of Alloa.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rule, Order, or Bye Law which shall be made as aforesaid, pursuant to the Power* hereby given for that Purpose, shall be put in Execution, or have any Force, Operation, or Effect, until the fame respectively shall have been produced at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the said County of Clackmannan, and have been approved by the Justices of such Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, by Writing under their Hands; nor until the same shall have been published and polled, or hung up in l'ome publick Place in the Office of the Shore Master of Alloa, for the Space of Fourteen Days.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Commander, or other Person taking upon himself the Command, or appearing to be Master or Commander, or any Owner, Fador, or Consignee of any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, liable in Payment of any Races and Duties hereby granted, shall at any Time dude or avoid Payment of any such Rates and Duties, by any Method whatsoever, every such Master, Commander, Owner, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, foifeic unto the said Company the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling, and shall, notwithstanding, stand charged with, and be liable to, the Payment of the said Rates and Duties.

XII. And, to prevent any Delay or Evasion in the Payment of the Rates and Duties aforesaid, be it further enacted, That any Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, liable to the Races and Duties aforesaid, or out of which there shall have been landed, or in which there shall have been shipped, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize liable to the Rates and Duties aforesaid, shall not be cleared out by the Collector or other Officer of the Customs at Alloa, till a Certificate shall be produced to the said Collector or other Officer, certifying that the Rates and Duties payable by virtue of this Act, for such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize as aforesaid have been paid, which

Certificate

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 985

Certificate shall be signed by such Person as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint or authorize to receive the said Rates and Duties; and the Person so appointed is hereby required to granc futh Certificate to the Matter of every such Ship, Vessel, Bark, Lighter, or Boat, upon the Payment of the said Rates and Duties; and any Collector or other Officer of the Customs at Alloa, acting contrary hereto, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling to be paid to the Trustees, or such Person as shall be authorized by them, or any Three or more of them, to receive the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Goods not to Person or Persons who shall have landed and caused to be landed any remain on the Goods or Merchandize, Timber, Wood of any Kind, M..fts, Yards, nmitedTim* Pumps, Boats, Anchors, Cables, Casks, Guns, Ballast, Paving Stones,

Lime Stones, Slates, Dung, or Manure, or any other Thing (other than Materials for the necessary Repairs of the Piers, Quays, and for immediate Use in shipping), upon any of the Piers and Quays, or Landing Places within the said Harbour, or in any of the Avenues leading to the said Quays and Piers, or any of them, to continue or permit the same to remain and lie thereon for any longer Time than Forty-eight Hours; and that in all such Cases where the said Goods, or others aforesaid, shall have so continued beyond the Space of Forty-eight Hour', it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed by them, to remove, or cause to be removed, all such Goods and other Things as they shall find so lying, continuing, and being, on the said Piers, Quays, and other Places, above the said limited Time, to some Place or Places of Safety, and therein to detain and keep the fame till Payment of the Charges of such Removal and Detention; and if such Charges and Expences shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after Demand thereof by the said Trustees, or some Person or Persons to be employed by them, then and in such Case they are hereby authorized to levy the lame by Distress and Sale of the said Goods and Effects so re-ipeftively secured, and to render the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners (the Charges of taking, keeping, and making Sale of such Distress), on the fame being demanded.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Gunpowder Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Li- *nd other quors. Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of to°beremovt". Wood, or other such combustible Things, shall be differed to be and

remain on the Quays and Piers aforesaid, within the said Harbour, or in any Part thereof, or upon the Deck of any Ship or Vessel in the said Piers or Quays, lying in the Harbour aforesaid for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours after patting the Custom-House Officers; and that in calc such Goods and Things cannot be conveniently removed or got off from such Quays, Place or Places, by Daylight, that then and in every such Case the Owners of such Goods and Things shall be obliged, and are hereby required to set, and maintain at their own Expence, a sufficient Number of careful, discreec, and sober Persons, to guard and watch over the fame for such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as the said Trustees shall dgnify and appoint; and in case the Owner or Owners of such Goods and other Things shall make Default therein, every such Owner or Owners, Matter or Mate, of every such Ship or Vessel, shall ['Loc. Zsf Per.] 11 R forfeit

996

To prevent throwing Hal. lait into the fjarbour.

Fallaft to be removed off from the Qgays,

Marten of Vessels answerable for the Damage done by their Crews.

For regulating the Pilotage and Porters Wages.

Punishment

for destroying Works.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling.

XV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful to any Person or Persons to throw or empty any BaU last. Duff, Ashes, or Rubbish, Shingle, Stones, or other Things into the said Harbour, or into the River near or adjoining the fame, or to dig and take away any Ballaff, Shingle, Stones, or other Things therefrom, to the Hurt and Prejudice of the said Harbour or River, or of the Works connected therewith, under the Penalty of Five Pounds Sterling for every such Offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall or may hereafter have Occasion to throw or caff away any Ballast from out of any Ship or other Vessel upon any Quay, Pier, or Breast in or belonging to the said Harbour, shall not suffer the same to be and remain on the said Quays, Piers, Breasts, or other Places, buc shall immediately after cart and carry away, or cause the same to be carted and carried away, to such Place or Places as the said Trustees for such Cases shall provide and appoint, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of Forty Shillings Sterling.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner of every Ship or Vessel coming to and using the said Harbour shall be, and he is hereby made answerable for the Amount of any Damage or Miichief which shall be done by him or by such Ship or Vessel, or by any of the Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or others on board the fame, to any of the Piers, Quays, Breasts, or other Works connected with the said Harbour, with full Costs of Suit; and that it shall be lawful to detain such Ship or Vessel until sufficient Security be granted for Payment of the same.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, in Conjunction with the Justices of the Peace for the County of Clackmannan, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to regulate and ascertain the Rates of Pilotage of Vessels to and from the said Harbour, and the Wages of Porters and others employed thereat, so as not to exceed the Rates now payable at the Port of Leith, and to make luth Rules and Regulations therein as to them may seem fit, and to compel all Persons professing the Occupation of Pilots to attend and pilot all Vessels coming to and using the said PJarbour, for Payment of the regulated Rates, and to place and displace such Pilots at their Pleasure.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, maliciously, wilfully, or wantonly demolilb, break down, destroy, or let on Fire, any of the Piers, Quays, Jetties, Breasts, or other Works to be construded in or belonging to the said Harbour, or any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel lying or being the rein, every such Person or Persons so offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Petit Larceny.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. ?9

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions F.xtendii of the said Ail not hereby altered or vaiied shall be, and the same are hereby, extended to this Act, as fully and tfftdually, to all Inrents to this Ac and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and rc-enacted in the Bady of

this Act.

XXI. And, in order that the said Streets and Lanes in the said Town of Triiftee* ap-Alloa may be properly paved and lighted, and a proper Supply of good li'-hting I'Ll and wholesome Water may be procured for the Use of the said Town, be paving the it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Baillie of b ltcts> &c‘ Alloa for the Time being, John Jameson Sheriff Clerk of Clackmannanshire,

Robert Jameson his Son, Alexander Bald Merchant, Robert Bald Engineer, James Ure Comptroller of the Customs, the Reverend James Mucker fie, John Haig Surgeon, Robert Macfarlane Ship Master,

Robert Meiklejohn Brewer, Alexander ForreJIer senior. Baker, James Smith Malon, Peter Macfarlane Merchant, James Johnstone Merchant, and James Haig Merchant, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner herein mentioned, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for the Purposes of bringing Water into, paving, lighting, and cleaning the Streets of the said Town of AUoa, and putting this Act into Execution, so far as relates thereto.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of Appointment the Trustees herein nominated and appointed shall die or refuse to ad toes^Tn Rooin in the Execution of this Act (such Death or Refusal being declared at a ol those wha Meeting of the said Trustees), then and in every such Case it shall and

may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or the major Part of them who shall be prefenc at a Meeting to be appointed within Three Calendar Months next after such Death or Refusal to ad, shall be so declared, to eled One or more fit Person or Persons to bea Trustee or Trustees, in the Place or Stead of him or them so dying or refusing to ad; and all and every Person or Persons who shall be so eltded, is and are hereby vested with the fame Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, as the Person or Persons in whose Place and Stead he or they shall succeed, was or were vested with.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons nomi- Negiecttoact nated, appointed, or elected a Trustee or Trustees, as last aforesaid, calc!idar¥e shall neglect toad in the Execution of this Act, during the Space of Monhs, Twelve Calendar Months, such Neglect shall be and be deemed to be a

Refusal to ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be Qualification capable of acting as a last mentioned Trustee in the Execution of this ot Trustees. Ad, unlrfs he shall be pofhffed as a Proprietor of Houses and Lands,

within the said Town, of the yearly Rent or Value cf Ten Pounds Sterling, or shall have a free yearly Income of Sixty Pounds Sterling, and shall also be a Subscriber to the Extent of Fifty Pounds Sterling, or shall have joined in borrowing Money to the Extent of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sttrling, for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person not so qualified shall nevertheless presume to ad contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered

988

43° GEORGII lit. Cap. 55. -

fecovered and applied in Manner herein-after directed; and any Trustee claiming to be qualified in respect of Income as aforesaid, shall, if required, be obliged to make Oath that his Income is not under the Sum of Sixty Pounds Sterling before he shall act as a Trustee in virtue of this Act.

MeTun^s to

XXV. And be it enacted, That Four (Quarterly Hated Meetings of the be held? 1 said last mentioned Trustees shall be held every Year during the Continu-

ance of this Act within the new Publick Room at Alloa, or in any other Place within the said Town, which they shall, from Time to Time, appoint, videlicet, upon the Second Tuesday of June, the Second Tuesday of September, the Second Tuesday of December, and the Second Tuesday of March, annually, for putting this Act and the Powers hereby committed to them in Execution, beginning the First of these Quarterly Meetings upon the Fourteenth Day after the passing of this Act; and that the Clerk for the Time shall caui'e the whole Trustees resident in the said Town to be summoned to attend the said Quarterly Meetings, by written or printed Notices, to be given them personally, or left at their Dwelling Houses at lead Forty-eight Hours previous to the Time of the said Meetings; and all Powers and Authorities of this Act granted to or vested in the said Trustees, shall and may, from Time to Time, becxercifed by the major Part of them present, at such Quarterly Meetings, or at any other Meeting held in virtue and in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number present a caftin^Vot at ^uch Meeting not being less than Five; and when and so often as it shall happen that there shall be an equal Number of Votes upon any Question (including the Prefes’ Vote), the Prefes shall have the decisive or Truileesmay calling Vote; and the said Trustees, or a Majority of them present at ings.!rn Ct " such Quarterly or other Meetings, may adjourn the same as they may think proper and necessary for executing the Powers vested in them by this Act.

Clerk to call

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the said Trustees shall, upon Meetings! Requisition made to him under the Hands of any Two of them, appoint occasional Meetings to be held within Forty-eight Hours after such Re-quifirion; and that it shall all'o be in the Power of the Clerk to appoint occasional Meetings of the said Trustees, when the same shall appear to him necessary and expedient.

the Tru'ieel

XXVII. Provided always, That no Order made by the said Trustees shall to be altered, be revoked or altered, unless at some Meeting to be holden for that Pur-rT'uent Meet' P°‘e’ and to be called by the Clerk as before directed-, and the written or ingUcaiied for" printed Notice shall also specify the Intention of such Meeting; and that Furpoie. unless as great a Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to revoke or alter the same as were present to make such Order; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

?ruiteesto*be XXVIII- And bc ic further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall

enured in a be made in a Book or Books, to be provided for that , of all the

Book, Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Trustees, relative to the Ex-

ecution of this Act, and of the Names of the Trustees who shall be present at the respective Meetings, and the lame shall be subscribed by heldas^v! the ^re^es at each re^Ptcdve Meeting; and all such Entries being so ligned,

den«.S " shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence

in

989

43° GEORGxII III. Cap. $5*

in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said lad mentioned Trustees Trustees to shall and may at their Fird or any subsequent Meeting, appoint One *PPs"lnt 0lfi" or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Execution of

this Act, and also such and so many Scavengers, Rakers, Cleanfers of the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Places in the said Town, and such and so many Keepers and Lighters of Lamps, and also such and so many Watering Men, as they the said Trustees shall think proper-, and from Time to Time to remove him or them, and appoint others as they shall find necessary and convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by Virtue of this Act, may and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salary and Allowances to such Officers and other Persons to be by them employed in the Execution of this Acc as they shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and are hereby required to take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tnifters^ Trustees from Time to Time, and at all Times when and so often as ""tobere-they shall think proper, to cause, order, and direct all or any of the paired. Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Town of Alloa or

any Part or Parts thereof, to be new paved or repaired, and raised, lowered, relaid, widened, or altered, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think proper; and also to cause, order, and direct the said several and to be Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places to be lighted and cleansed, and all Annoyances and Obdructions, Nuisances, and Encroachments therein to obstructions be removed, and all Signs and Sign Pods projecting over the said Streets anct Nuisances. or Foot Pavements to be taken down and removed, and the same to be placed and fixed Flat on the Fronts of the Houses and Shops to which they belong, and the present and future Drains, Sinks, Gutters, or Water Courses, for conveying the Water out of and from the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and Places to be amended, repaired, cleansed, scoured, or widened, and new ones to be made in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think proper, and may cause the same to be made through any adjoining Lands or Grounds, (if Occasion shall require), making such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby as the said Trustees shall think proper; and in case of any Difference betwixt the Trustees and the Parties intereded in the Premises respecting the Amount of such Satisfaction, the same shall be settled in the same Manner as is herein-after provided.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Fetters of all Houses and other inhabitants to Buildings fronting any Street, or publick or principal Place within the said pavethe Foot-Town, shall, at his, her, or their Expence, cause the Footways, Paths, or Proper-Pavements before their Property respectively, on the Sides of the fa'rd tics.

Streets, and other publick and principal Places, to be well and sufficiently

paved with flat hewn Stones, in such Manner and in such Form as the said Trustees, after visiting and inspecting the fame, and hearing the Parties concerned, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, the Breadth of the said Foot Pavements not to exceed Eight Feet.

n S

[hoc. & Per.]

990

And if they shall refuse or ntgledV, Trustees may order the same to be ('one at their Expence.

Foot Pavements when made, to be kept in Repair by the Trustees.

Inhabitants to sweepthe Foot Pavement* opposite their Houses.

Penalty on oc. calioningNui-fances.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in case any Feuer shall refuse or neglect to cause such Footways, Faths, or Pavements to be paved in Manner herein directed, within Sixty Days after they shall be required so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause the Foot Pavements to be made in such Manner as they shall direct, the Breadth of the said Foot Pavements not to exceed the Breadth before specified, at the Expence of such Feuers respectively; and in case any such Feuer shall refuse or neglect to pay such sixpence when required, it shall be lawful to the said Trustees to recover the fame, by a summary Action before the Sheriff Depute, or Substitute of the County of Clackmannan, or any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That after the Foot Pavements are made as aforesaid, they shall, in all Time thereafter, be kept in Repair by the said Trustees acting in that Behalf, the Expence thereof to be paid from the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall polfefs the Floor on a Level with, or immediately above the Street, whether Dwelling Houses or Shops, adjoining to or fronting the Foot Pavements within the said Town, shall cause the fame, along the Front of their Shops and respective Properties, to be lweeped, scraped, and cleaned Once every Day, Sunday excepted, between the Hours of Six and Nine in the Morning, and if they fail so to do, it shall be lawful for the Baillie of Alloa to decree, in a summary Manner, such Possessors and Proprietors to pay a Sum not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence; and in case any Dispute shall arise amongst the Possessors of the Property adjoining the said Foot Pavements, relative to the scraping, cleansing, and sweeping the fame, it shall be lawful to the Baillie to enquire into the Matter, and determine the fame, which Determination shall be final.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall kill, daughter, singe, feald, or cut up any Beast or Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle, or shall permit or suffer any Blood, Filth, or Nuisance whatsoever to run or drain from any Slaughter Floufe, Stable, Yard, or Premises, in or upon any of the said Streets or Lanes, or shall hoop, cleanse, wafti, or feald any Calk, or hew, law, or cause to be hewed or fawn, any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bend, or make the Wheel of any Carriage, or shoe, bleed, except in Case of Necellity or Accident, or wilfully turn loose any Horse, or set, place, or txpose to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, either in the Foot-ways or Carriage-ways of any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Places and Passages, or shall hang up, place, or expose to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butchers’ Meat, or other Matter or Thing, (excepting in the Market Place upon the Market Days), on or projecting over the Foot or Carriage Way, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage, or shall make, or assist in making, any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatLever in any Part or Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places whatsoever, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Foot-way or Carriage-way,

or

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 991

or to prejudice, annoy, or incommode any Person or Persons travelling or palTing thereon, or fist, screen, or flack any Lime, or shall carelessly or wilfully break or damage the Foot Pavement in any such Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place, or cause the same to be so done, every Person so offending, in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent any Feuer or Inhabitant from laying down Lime, Biicks, or Stones upon the Sides of the said Streets, for the Purpose of repairing or rebuilding any House within the said Town; provided there be convenient Room left for Carriages and Passengers to pass and repass, and that the said Stones, Brick,

Lime, and Rubbish be immediately removed, as soon as the said Repairs shall be compleated.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon or Cart shall ^"VobHef/* be left to stand or remain in any of the said Streets or Lanes, with on the Streets-or without Horses, for any longer Time than shall be reasonable or necessary for the loading or unloading thereof, or if any Goods,

Timber, Bricks, Stones, Dung, Rubbish, or other Things, shall be

laid or placed, and left to remain in any of the said Streets or Lanes, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the moving or houling the fame, then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Waggon or Cart, and the Owner of such Timber, Rubbish, or other Things, and the Persons who shall lay down or place, and leave the fame, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings; and if any such Timber, Dung, Rubbish, or other Things, or other Nuisance, shall be suffered to remain in any of the said Streets or Lanes longer than shall be necessary as aforesaid, the Trustees are hereby authorized to order the same to be removed to such Place as they shall think proper-, and the Expence thereof shall be paid by the Person liable to the Payment of the said Penalty; and shall and may, in case of Non-payment on Demand, be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereafter authorized or directed to be recovered.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Timber, Log or Logs Timber to be of Wood, and Bars of Iron, conveyed through the Highways, Streets, or fongCait" Lanes of the said Town, whether going into or coming from the Country riages.

or otherways, shall be conveyed and carried upon long Carts or Carriages, or in such other Way or Manner as that the said Timber, Log or Logs of Wood, and Bars of Iron, shall not trail upon the said Streets, or project or extend over the Sides of the said Carriages, so as to obstrud or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage; and that every Person or Persons who shall convey or carry any Timber, Log or Logs of Wood, and Bars of Iron, through the said Highways, Streets, or Lanes, in any other Manner than is before directed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized and directed to be recovered.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Dung on the and for the said Trustees, to let in Tack or Lease, for One or more Years

as they m3y think proper, the Fulzie or Dung of and upon the said e' ' Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Places within the said

Town

992

Streets to lie widened, and new ones opened.

And to treat ami agree with the Owners of Houses for the Purchife thereof.

Misnomers not to prevent the Execution of the Act.

Power to incapacitated Persons to fell find convey.

Empowering the Trustees to summon a Jury, who»e

Verdict {hail

be condusive toalLPai tics.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Town by publick Roup, and to apply the Rent or Tack Duty thereof to the foie Purposes of putting this Act in Execution.

XXXIX. And whereas many of the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages are at present too narrow, and it will be attended with great Utility and Advantage to the Publick in general, and to the Inhabitants of the said Town in particular, if the fame were widened and improved, and if all Outftairs and other Obstructions encroaching upon the said Streets were removed; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to widen and improve the present Streets and Lanes of the said Town, and to pull down and remove the Three Houses described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and to lay the Scites thereof, or so much as the said Trustees shall think necessary, into the said Streets and Lancs, so as to make them of a Width proper for the Passage of Carriages and Foot Passengers; and for those Purposes to treat, contract, and agree, with the Owners, Life-Renters, and Persons entitled to the several Houses, for so much and such Part of any, every, or either of the said Houses, or so much and such Part of the Ground belonging to such Houses, or on which the fame (land, as shall be sufficient and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, for the absolute Purchase thereof.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either of the Premises mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or the Persons in whose Possession they are hated to be, shall happen to be misnamed or improperly described, such Misnomer or inaccurate Description shall not prevent or retard the Execution of this Act; but the fame Premises shall and may be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, in such and the same Manner in all Respects, as if the fame were properly and accurately named and described.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors'or Curators for Infants, Minors, Idiots, furious or other Persons, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possefted of, or interested in any of the said Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to sell and convey to the said Trustees all or any such Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, and all their Right to and Interest in the fame for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveyances so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors, Incumbrancers, and all other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case no Agreement shall be concluded between the said Trustees and the Heritors, Life-Renters, or Lefties, or any of them, either by the Heritors, and others interested, refusing or neglecting to treat and agree, or to accept of the Value and Price offered to them by the said Trustees, within Ten Days after being required under Form of Instrument so to do, or from the

993

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

the said Persons interested being under Incapacity or unknown, then it shall be competent to the Sheriff Depute of the County of Clackmannan for the Time being, or his Substitute, upon Application being made to him by the said Trustees, to summon a Number of discreet and Tiibftantial Persons, being Owners and Occupiers of Land, entitled to be Commissioners of Supply within the said County, not less than Twenty-two in Number, to come and appear before him or them at such Time and Place as by their Warrant and Precept shall be directed. Intimation of Ten Days being given by the Trustees of such Appointment to the Party concerned, or his or her Agent; and the Number of Persons who shall attend shall then be reduced to Eleven by the Trustees and the Proprietor, strik-ing off One alternately, beginning on the Part of the Proprietor; or in case both Parties shall fail to appear, by the Sheriff striking off, until the Number be so reduced; and the remaining Eleven being duly ftvorn, the Sheriff shall proceed to examine upon Oath, in their Presence, such Witnesses as shall be summoned by either Party, and upon their Depositions and other competent Evidence, such Jury shall determine the Damages to be paid by the said Trustees; and their Verdict shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, without any Power of Appeal whatsoever; and the Sheriff shall thereupon order Payment to be made of the Sums awarded by the Jury, and shall ordain the Owners and Occupiers of the Grounds or other Subjects, or their Trustees, Tutors, Curators, or Administrators, upon Payment or lawful Tender thereof, quietly to permit and suffer the said Trustees to take Possession of the Grounds or other Subjects.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or for entailed this Act for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are sub- ^h°en'«c’e^lC jest to Life-rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any ingioo/. Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid Rood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such [Loc. Per.~\ 11 T Conveyance

994

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Conveyance and Settlement shall he existing undetermined and capable of taking Efft£f; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the Paid Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

if under tool.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money and above ti>/. p0 agreecj or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to One or more Truffee or Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Caie be applicable.

Where under

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

*0/. Sterling. p0 agree[] or awarcjeij [0 be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said

Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit-, or in case of

Infancy or Lunacy, thtn to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

if awarded

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Sum withtn'seer'-11 or Sums of Money awarded in Manner above directed, to be paid to the tain Time, Owners, Occupiers, Life-Renters, and others interested in the respective «>Tdand0be Intertfts in the Premises aforesaid, shall not be paid, tendered, or con-null. signed, as herein-before directed, within Two Calendar Months next

after the same shall have been so awarded, then and in such Case, the said Award, and the Order and Adjudication of the said Sheriff thereupon, shall not be binding on the said Parties, the Owners, Occupiers, and others interested in the Premises; but the same shall continue binding on the said Trustees, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

After Pay-

XLVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ment of Price the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, after iWanUdTrrf- y making

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

making Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon between them and the said Owners and Occupiers, or other Persons inter-efted therein respectively, or adjudged or awarded as aforesaid, for the Purchase of the said Lands, Houses, Tenements, anti other Hereditaments, Tacks, or Leases; or after Consignation thereof in the Cases aforesaid, to order the said Houses, Tenements, and other Buildings, to be taken down, and the Areas to be cleared, and otherwise to use the Property so acquired, as shall be thought proper and necessary by the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it also enacted, That after the Purchase of any such Tenements, Houses, Lands, and other Hereditaments, as shall be found necessary for the Execution of this Act, the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to fell by publick Auction, for an adequate Price, the Materials of all such Houses and Buildings, and also the remaining Ground (if any), and apply the Purchase Money to and for the Purposes of this Act, and none other; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to pay the Purchase Money, or adjudged Value of the said Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, Tacks, or Leases, out of such Sums as shall be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That previous Notice shall be given by the said Trustees to the Tenants and Occupiers of all such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Leases, and other Hereditaments as are so to be converted and disposed of for the Purposes aforesaid Three Months at lead before the Term of IVbitfunday, at which the said Tenants or Occupiers are to be removed therefrom, by affixing a Notice in Writing to that Effect upon the mod patent Door of such Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, or by delivering such Notice to the principal Occupiers thereof.

L. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for, and in the Power of, the said Trustees, or any Two of them, by an Order given tinder their Hands (after inspeding the Premises and hearing the Parties concerned), to order the Proprietors of all Houses and other Buildings, fronting any of the Streets of the said Town, to remove or cause to be removed and taken away, within a reasonable Time, all Outftairs, Out-shots, Buildings, Erections, and other Things whatsoever, which tend to obflrud free Passage in the said Streets and Foot Pavements; and if within the Time specified in such Order the said Outftairs, Outfhots, Buildings, Erections, and other Things be not taken away, the Owner or Proprietor of such House or Building to which the said Obstructions are annexed and belong shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, and so ioties quolies for every Month after the Date of such Order during which the said Outftairs, Outfhots, Buildings, or other Things shall remain, the said Fines to be recovered and applied in Manner herein-after directed: Provided always, that in case the aforesaid Obstructions shall not be removed within Three Months after the Order decerning them to be removed, that it shall be lawful for, and in the Power of, the said Trustees, or any Two of them, to order the same to be removed brevi manu.

995

tees may pull down Iioufcs, &c.

Trustees to fell Materials and Ground.

Notice to be given to Tenants to quit.

Outfhots and Outftairs to be removed.

99^ 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Expences of

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in Cases where the said rtmalonf »h' Outftair?, Outlhots, Buildings, and Erections shall be removed under be paid by the Authority of this Act, for the Purposes of publick Convenience and Trustees. Accommodation, that the Expence and Damage arising therefrom shall be paid by the said Trustees from the Funds granted by this Act.

Provisoasto

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That iry such Cases where the lea'i^made" ^oulcs ant^ other Buildings already erected on the Sides of the said Foot where "other Pavements cannot have convenient Access and Entries made to them by Arcefsto any other Passages than the Outftairs already made and erected, that the be°hsd.Cann0t Trustees shall only have it in their Power to order the said Outftairs to be altered and narrowed ill such a Manner as to leave a free Passage not less than One Third of the Breadth of the said Foot Pavements, opposite to the said Outftairs.

Power to pro-

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said vide Lamps. Trustees, and they ate hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to cause Lamp Irons or Lamp Polls to be put,up, affixed to the Walls, or in, upon, or against the Ground adjoining to the Walls of any Houses and Tenements already built, or hereafter to be builr, within the said Town of Alloa, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think proper and convenient, and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Size and Sorts to be provided and fixed or put upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Ports, and to cause the fame when so provided and fixed to be altered, taken down, or removed as they shall (rom Time ro Time think proper for well and effectually lighting the said Town, and also to cause such Lamps to be lighted at such Time or Times, and to be kept lighted during the Whole or such Part of the Night as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

Power to pro-

LIV. And whereas there is no proper Market Place within the said Town Place3 MarkCt ^or fellins Butchers’ Meat, which is at present exposed to Sale in the publick Street, which is very inconvenient to all Persons resorting thereto; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Con-lent of the said John Francis Erskine Esquire, or his Heirs, as soon as their Funds will admit, to erect and build a proper Market Place for the Sale of Butchers’ Meat, upon some proper and convenient Place to be mutually agreed upon by them and the said John Francis Erskine Esquire, for that Purpose; and to erect, build, and let up proper Stalls, Shambles, or other Conveniencies therein suitable and proper for the Purpose of holding such Market, and to levy and uplift from all Persons Idling or exposing to Sale any such Meat the Tolls and Customs at present exigible from all Persons frequenting the present Market, and which Tolls and Customs shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and that from and after the same shall be completed and established as a Market, and publick Notice thereof given, it shall not be lawful for any Potion qr Persons ro sell or expose to Sale any such Meat in any other Place whatever within the said Town, Butchers own Shops and Dwelling Houses excepted: Provided always, that in case the said Trustees, and the said John Francis Erskine Esquire, and his Heirs, shall not mutually agree upon a proper Place for making the said Market within the Space of Two Years from the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to the said Trustees to treat

with

997

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $5.

with any of the Feuers of the said Town, and to purchase from them such Ground as may be necessary, and to make and build the said Market Place thereon in Manner aforesaid, the Price of which, as well as the Expence of making such Market Place, shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised in virtue of this Act, for paving and lighting the said Town.

LV. And whereas John Francis Erskine of Mar Esquire and John Thomas Power to lay Erskine E.squire his eldest Son, Superiors of the said Town of Alloa, have, Plf*u by a Deed of Grant executed by them in Favour of the said Town, givenand granted full Power and Liberty to the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, to take, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town, from the said John Francis Erskine Esquire his Aqueduct at the Carse Bridge upon the North-east of Alloa as much Water as can pass through a Pipe of Three Inches in the Bore, and to conduct the fame in Pipes or other-ways through his Lands to a Fountain or Reservoir, to be made and built upon the West End of the Hawk Hill belonging to the said John Francis Erskine Esquire, and from thence to conduct the fame through the different Streets of the said Town; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to take from the said Aquedud the Quantity of Water mentioned in the said Deed of Grant, and to lay down leaden or other Pipes for conducting and conveying the fame through the Lands of the said John Francis Erskine Esquire to the Fountain or Reservoir

which they are hereby authorized and empowered to erect on the West Side of the Hawk Hill, and from thence to convey and distribute the Water into the several Streets and Lanes of the said Town; and, as often as there shall be Occasion for so doing, to cleanse, mend, and repair; the said Pipes and Reservoir, as the said Trustees, from Time to Time, shall think n'ecessary for conveying, preserving, and effectually distributing the said Water according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, reserving always to the said John Francis Erskine Esquire and his Heirs, at any Time they may find it convenient at their own Expence, to take off from the said Reservoir as much Water as may be necessary for the Use of his Family Mansion House, Offices, and Gardens, and that withouc any Recompence or Consideration to be paid to the said Trustees on that Account.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Powertoereit Trustees to make and erect proper publick Wells, or convenient Pipes ^"uWick* standing upright in the Likeness ot Pumps, at such Places in the said Wells.

Town as the said Trustees shall deem most convenient for the more convenient supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the said Town; and the said Trustees shall and may, from Time to Time, alter the Pofuion of, and repair, replace, and maintain such publick Wells, or upright Pipes, as Occasion may require.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Inhabitants of the said inhabitant* Town of Alloa as shall be desirous of having the Water laid into their vateP*" Houses or Offices may, and are hereby authorized and empowered at their < wn Expence (having first obtained the Consent of the said Trustees in Writing), to open the Ground between the main Pipes and the respective Houses, Brewhouses, Malt Barns, or Offices of such Inhabitants, and to lay Pipes (the Bore thereof to be ascertained by the said Trustees) from [Lee. fcf Per.] 11 U such

998 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

such respective Houses, Brewhouses, Malt Bams, or Offices, to communicate with the said main Pipes in any of the Highways, Streets, or Lanes, or Place or Places, within the said Town of Alloa, such respective Inhabitants paying the said Trustees yearly, quarterly, or monthly, such Sum or Sums of Money for such Water as shall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in case of Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said , Trustees to cause the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Person or Persons making such Default, and communicating with any main Pipe or Pipes, to be separated from the Pipe or Pipes with which the same shall so communicate, and to cause the Water to be (topped from issuing or running into the House, Brewhouse, Malt Barn, or Offices of every Person making-such Default; and that the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be due and in Arrear from such Person or Persons to the said Trustees shall and may be recovered, by summary Action before the Sheriff, who is hereby required to hear and determine the fame, without abiding the Course of the Rollj and if any Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any leaden or other Pipe, to communicate with any main Pipe or other Pipe, without such Content being obtained as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Trustees the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling for every Day such Pipe shall so remain: Provided always, that such Inhabitants as shall have laid Pipes as afc-resaid, shall be at Liberty to remove and take away the fame, and the Cocks to the said Pipes belonging: Provided also, that such of the Inhabitants as may lay or remove such private Pipes shall be obliged to remove the Rubbish cnereby occasioned, and repair and make good the Pavement, and shall also repair and amend such Pipe or Pipes at their own Expence.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Inhabitant of the said Town of Alloa, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, supplied with Water by such private Pipes, shall supply any other Inhabitant thereof, or any other Person whomsoever, with any Part of such Water, that in every such Case every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may, by virtue of this Act, be recovered; and it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees, if they shall so think fit, also to take off the Water from the House, Brewhouse, Malt Barn, or Office, of any Person so offending, for every such Offence.

Cocks not to

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Inhabitant of the said be lett open., Town, supplied with Water by such private Pipes as aforesaid, shall, through Carelessness or otherwise, leave the Cocks open, or otherwise allow the Water to be wasted, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered in Manner herein-afeer directed; and upon a Third Offence the Trustees, if they shall so think fit, may also take oft* the Water from the House or Office of the Person so offending.

Fire Plugs to

LX. And be it further enacted, That, for the more expeditious extin-b« provided. gUi(hing Fires that may happen in the said Town of Alloa, any of the Firemen, or other Person or Persons employed in taking Charge of the Engines for extinguishing Fire in the said Town, shall or may take up or break

any

Proprietors of private Pipes not to supply any other Person therefrom.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

any of the Pavements within the said Town, or any Water Pipe or Water Pipes laid or to be laid therein and the said Trustees shall and may, from Time to Time, order and appoint such and so many Plugs, called Fire Plugs, to be put and placed into the Main or other Pipes, to be laid along any Part or Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, and other Places in the said Town, for the better obtaining Water for the working of the said Fire Engines, or otherwise Extinguishing of such Fires, but for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever , and that such Pavements so to be taken up, and such Pipes so to be broken, shall be repaired and made good by the said Trustees out of the Rates and Monies to be raised in virtue of this Act; out of which Rates and Monies the said Trustees are hereby also authorized and empowered to maintain and keep in Repair the said Fire Engines belonging to the said Town.

LXI. And whereas it will be of great Consequence that the Shipping resorting to the said Port should be supplied with good and wholesome Water, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees for the said Harbour, at their own Charge and Expence, to convey Water to the Shore near the Harbour of Alloa, from any Main Pipe or Pipes which shall be laid in any of the Streets of the said Town nearest to the said Harbour, and to make Wells and ered upright Pipes at such Places near or adjoining to the said Harbour as they shall think proper, and as may be most convenient for supplying the Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Harbour with Water: Provided always, that the Trustees for the said Harbour shall, in that Cafe, pay to the Trustees for bringing Water into the said Town such Sum as shall be agreed upon between them; and in cale of any Difference, the same shall be ascertained and settled in like Manner as the Value of any Premises to be had or taken for the Purposes of this Act are directed to be ascertained and settled.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for laying Pipes for carrying and distributing the said Water, erecting Reservoirs, Wells, upright Pipes, Fountains, and Cisterns, and also for conducting and working the said Fire Engines, and for paving, lighting, and cleansing the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes within the said Town; and that such Contract or Contracts shall be signed by the Prefes and Clerk, in Name of the Meeting at which the said Agreement or Contract shall be made,' and shall then be binding and conclusive upon all Parties.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall contract for, on Account of the aforesaid Works, to be paid out of the Monies to be raiftd in virtue of this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously obstrud, hinder, or molest, any Officer, Servant, or other Person or Persons employed in the Execution of any of the Powers committed by this Act to the said Trustees, or shall wilfully or maliciously break, throw down, take away, or extinguish, damage, or fpoi), any Lamp or Lamps, to be set up for lighting any of the

999

Supplying Ships with Water.

Trustees may contratt for laying Pipes and paving the Streets.

Cantrafls to be defrayed out of the Monies to be raised.

Penalty on Persons breaking Lamps or destroying Pipes,

IOOOO

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

said Highways, Streets, or Lanes, or damage the Pods, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or the Pipes or Reservoirs, Wells, Fountains, and Citterns, for conveying and distributeing the Water as aforesaid, or any Stalls or Shambles, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also to any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing. the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Constable, or other Peace Officer, in order to be carried before the Baillie of Alloa, or other Judge Ordinary; and that the Baillie or other Judge shall proceed to examine upon Oath, any One or more Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear to give Information, touching such Offence, and that if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by his, her, or their Confession, or by the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon such Information as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for the First Offence, and any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds Sterling for the Second and every subsequent Offence, and moreover shall be obliged to make full Satisfaction to the said Trustees for the Damage so done by him, her, or them as aforesaidj and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon Conviction, pay the Forfeiture, and make the Satisfaction as before directed, the Baillie or other Judge is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol of the said Town of Alloa, for the Space of Two Months; and such Offender or Offenders lba l not be aifeharged therefrom before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

kftiytrtakiag

LXV. And be it hereby further enacted, That in case any Person or Per-Lamjisor d«- Tons shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, and damage any of so makeg ood c^e fold Lamps, or the Polls, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or the Foun-thefamc. tains, Well.*, Reservoirs, Cillerns, Pipes, and other Conduftors for conveying and distributeing the Water as aforesaid, or the said Engines, or any Stalls or Shambles, and shall not immediately on Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, then and in every such Cate it shall and may be lawful, to and for the Baillie of Alloa, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County of Clackmannan, upon Complaint being made to him or them, to cause to be summoned before them, the Party or Parties complained of for doing such Damage; and upon Proof of the Complaint, by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, or the Confession of the Party or Parties so complained of and summoned, to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction for the Damage as the said Baillie or Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal of the said Party or Parties to pay Such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within Three Days next after Demand thereof, to cause the same to be levied by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Party or Parties, and the Surplus, after Payment of the Damage and Expence, if any be, arising from such Sale, to be paid to him, her, or them, when demanded.

fheLamy ’"/

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Property in the Lamps, lefttdTnthe^ Lamp Potts, Lamp Irons, and Materials which shall be fixed by Autho-

Trofttes. rity

1001

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

rity of this Act, and in the Pipes, Reservoirs, Wells, Cisterns, and others, for conveying and distributing the Water as aforesaid, and the Stalls, or Shambles, or other Materials, Implements, and other Things belonging thereto, or which shall be provided or got in virtue of this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby vetted in the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to dispose thereof as they shall think proper for the Purposes of this Act.

LXVII. And, in order to raise a proper and sufficient Fund for answering the Purposes of this Act, be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized and required, at their Meeting to be held on the Fourteenth Day after the passing of this Act, as before di-reded, and at their Quarterly Meeting on the Second Tuesday of June, during the Continuance of this Act, to fix and ascertain certain Rates and Assessments, to be raised and levied from the whole Occupiers and Posseffors, whether Heritors or Tenants, of all Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, Malt Barns, and other Buildings within the said Town actually occupied and possessed, by an equal Pound Rite or Assessment, to be laid and proportioned upon the free yearly Rent of such Houses and other Buildings, according as the fame may be ftented or assessed by the Rene Roll or Valuation, to be made up as after directed, but foas the said Pound Rate or Afivflrrtent shall not exceed One Shilling Sterling in the Pound per Annum of the said respective free yearly Rent or Value, and that the same shall be charged upon the Tenants or Occupiers only; and all such Tenants and Occupiers are hereby made liable for and obliged to pay the said Rate or Assessment so directed to be raised and levied as aforesaid, according to the free annual Rent or Value of their said respective Houses and other Buildings before mentioned, lying and being within the said Town.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be rated, or pay the Rates or Assessments which shall be made in virtue or in pursuance of this Act, who, by reason of his or her Poverty only, is or shall be excused from paying the Composition in Name of Statute Labour for repairing the Highways, nor by any Person receiving Supply from the Parish Funds.

LXIX. Provided also, That no House, Warehouse, CelUr, Brew House, Malt Barn, or other Buildings hereby made liable to be rated or assessed, which shall have been empty or unoccupied for the whole Space of One Year preceding the Second Tuesday of September, on which Day the Rent Roll or Valuation shall be made up as herein-after directed shall be charged or chargeable with any Rate or AfiTdTment as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, at their Quarterly Meeting to be held upon the Second Tuesday of September yearly, to caufs to be made up a fair and equal Rent Roll of all the Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Cellars, Brew Houses, Malt Barns, or other Buildings within the said Town of Alloa, actually occupied and possessed at the Time by any One Person, with the Names and Designations of the Occupiers and Possessors thereof, which Rent Roll shall and may be examined, corrcded, and adjusted, as to the said [Lee. & Per.~\ 11 X Trustees,

LevyingRates.

Person s exempted.

Unoccupied Houses not to be charged.

A Rent Ro]l to be made up.

I CO 2

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Trustees, or any Five of them, may seem proper and equitable, fn as to render the fame a fair, equal, and impartial Roll of the real Rent of the said Houses and other Buildings aforesaid, and that the said Roll, after being so examined, adjusted, and authenticated by them, is hereby declared and appointed to be the Rule for laying on and levying the Race and Assessment nereby authorized to be raised for the Year then current; and which Rent Roll, as soon as the same shall be so adjulled and authenticated, shall be lodged in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Clackmannan, and shall remain there open and patent to the Inspection of all Persons interested therein for the Space of Six Weeks from the Time the same shall be so lodged, and the said Trustees shall cause publick Notice thereof to be given, by affixing an Intimation on the mod patent Door of the Parish Church of Alloa, on the First Sunday after the said Rent Roll shall be lodged as aforesaid.

LXXI. And, for determining the real Rent of each House or other Houses! S° Building liable to the Payment of the said Assessment, it is hereby further enacted, That the Tenant or Possessor shall, if required, be obliged to declare upon Oath the Extent thereof, which Oath the Biillie of Alloa, or in his Absence any of the said Trustees, are hereby empowered co administer; and in case any Inch Tenant or PolLftbr shall refuse so to make Oath when required, the said Trustees may alfefs him or her at their Discretion.

Houses possesseil by the Proprietors, how to be a trifled.

LXXIT. And be it further enacted, That all Houses and other Buildings possessed by the Proprietors or Life-Renters themselves, shall be rated and a (lifted for the Duties hereby imposed upon such yearly Rent or Value, as the same shall be rated and estimated by the said Trustees, or such other Persons as they shall appoint, according to the best of their Judgement; and that such Proprietors and Life-Renters shall only be liable and obliged in Payment of the said Assessments, for Houses and Buildings actually occupied by themselves and their Servants, but not for those possessed by their Tenants, from whom only the said Asseffmenc for their respective Possessions shall be levied and recovered in Terms of this Act.

eunetsjnay

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they Rates, and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at their yearly Meeting, on again raisethe the Second ‘Tuesday of June, to lcften and reduce the aforesaid Rates and AHeffments granted by this Act, and again to raise the fame; but so as never to exceed, in any One Year, the before mentioned Rate of One Shilling Sterling in the Pound, of the free yearly Rent or Value of the Houses and other Subjects herein-before mentioned.

Kvi'd f°mie

LXXIV. And be it hereby further enacted, That the aforesaid Rate and the Term of Assessment above specified, shall be leviable and levied at the Term of Candle-Payment. mas yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, beginning the First; Year’s Payment thereof at the Term of Candlemas One thousand eight hundred and four; and that if any Person or Persons who shall berated or affetfed by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Rate or Assessment charged upon him, her, or them, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after the same shall be due and demanded by the Person or Persons authorized and empowered to collect and receive the same, such Demand being made to the itrpedive Persons so charged, by

written

1003

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

written or printed Notices, either delivered personally, or left at his, her, or their respective House or Houses, Place or Places of Abode, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Colledo-s, having a Warrant under the Hand of the Baillie of Alloa, or any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Clackmannan, which Warrant the Paid B lillie or Justices are hereby required and authorized to granr, upon the Application of the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors, and with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Peace Officer, to enter the House or Houses, Apartment or Apartments, of the Person or Persons so deficient in Payment of the said Assessment, and then and there to seize and keep Possession of his, her, or their readiest moveable Goods and Effects; and if the said Rate or Assessment shall not be paid within Eight Days next after such Seizure shall have been made, (together with the Costs and Charges thereof), to fell by publick Roup, at the Market Cross of Alloa, so much and such Part of the said Goods and Effects, as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, with the Costs and Charges attending such Seizure and Sale, according as the same shall be settled and allowed by the Magistrate who shall have granted such Warrant, returning the Overplus, (if any be), to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Effects,

LXXV. And be it enacted, That if any Dwelling House, Shop, Ware-house, Cellar, Malt Barn, Brewhouse, or other Building, which may happen not to be possessed at the Time of laying on the General yearly Assessments aforesaid, shall afterwards during the Currency of that Year become possessed, it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the said Trustees to meet and assess the fame for the Time they shall be so possessed.

LXXVI. And whereas the said John Francis Erskine Esquire and John Thomas Erskine Esquire his eldest Son, have by the Deed of Grant before mentioned, for the better defraying the Expence of executing this Act, conveyed to the said last mentioned Trustees, the Customs used and wont payable to them as Superiors of the said Town of Alloa, for Goods pairing through the said Town or the Precincts thereof; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to let the said Customs by publick Roup, on Tack or Lease, for such Period as they may think proper, not exceeding Five Years, and apply the Rent or Tack Duty thereof to the Purposes only of putting this Act in Execution, and the said John Francis Erskine and his Successors, shall from and after the passing of this Adf, be freed and discharged from any Obligation of repairing the Streets of the said Town.

LXXVII. A nd whereas the said John Francis Erskine Esquire did several Years ago lay off certain Lands belonging to him on the West of the Town of Alloa for the Purpose of building certain Streets as an Addition thereto, to be called The New Town of Alloa, in consequence of which several Houses have been already built: And whereas it will be for the general Advantage of the said Town that the Benefits of this Act be extended to the said proposed new Streets, and to such other new Streets as may hereafter be built as an Addition to the said Town, when the same are compleated; be it therefore enacted, That when any of the said new intended Streets shall be made, built, and compleated, and when the same shall be well and fiiffi-

ciently

Empty Routes becoming possessed, may be afterwards alieii'ed.

Trustees may Lease the Customs of the Town of Alloa.

Benefit of this Act to extend to the new Town.

1004

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

ciently paved, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby > empowered, on the Application of the said John Francis Erskine, or his Heirs, to order and direct such new Streets to be lighted, repaired, and kept in good Condition in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the other Highways, Streets, and Lanes of the said Town shall be paved, lighted, and repaired under this Act, and to raise and levy from the Occupiers and Pofftffors of the said new Streets the fame Rates and Assessments which may be raised and levied from the Inhabitants of the said Town of Alloa in pursuance of this Act, and which new Streets shall in all Respects be managed and governed as the other Parts of the said Town are by this Act directed to be managed and governed; and the said Trustees are also hereby empowered either to allow the Inhabitants of such new Streets, at their own Expence, to supply themselves with a sufficient Quantity of Water by laying Pipes to communicate with the Pipes to be laid in any of the Highways, Streets, or Places within the said Town of Alloa, as may be neared or most convenient to the said new Streets, or otherways to contract with the Inhabitants of the said new Streets for supplying them with the said Water upon such reasonable Terms and Conditions as may be mutually agreed upon betwixt the said Trustees and the said Inhabitants; and which Pipes lo to be laid for the Purpose of supplying the said new Streets as aforesaid shall thereafter be, from Time to Time, cleansed and repaired by the said Trustees out of the Monies by this Act directed to be raised.

Rates andPe-

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be raised naiticsl C and levied by virtue of this Act, or which by this Act or the Deed of Granc by the said John Francis Erskine and John Thomas Er/kine before mentioned are placed under the Management of the said Trustees; and all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered or levied in virtue of this Act shall be paid to the Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to collect and receive the same, to be applied in the fird Place to and for defraying a proportional Part of the Charges and Expences of patTing this present Act as after mentioned, and in the next Place to pay off and discharge all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be borrowed, laid out, and employed by the said Trustees in supplying the said Town with Water, and in paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving the Streets of the said Town of Alloa, and for the other Uses and Purposes herein mentioned, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXIX. And whereas the Port and Harbour of Alloa will be considerably benefited by the said Streets and Lanes being paved, cleansed, and lighted, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the Trustees acting for the said Harbour, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to pay to the Trustees for paving, lighting, and cleansing the said Streets, out of the Rates and Duties directed by this Act to be levied upon Goods and Merchandize exported from or imported into the said Harbour, such Sum or Sums of Money, to be applied towards keeping in Repair the Highways or Streets leading from the said Harbour to the Mill Bridge of Alloa, as the said Trustees for the said Harbour shall from Time to Time, find may be afforded to be paid out of their Funds, of which they shall be the foie and only Judges.

Trustees for the Harbour may pay a certain Sum out of their Fundstowards repairing the Streets.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. I005

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for paving, Trustee-. em-lighting, and cleaning the said Town, shall and may, and they are hereby powered to authorized and empowered, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money not sumnoftL exceeding Three thousand Pounds Sterling, at an Interest not exceeding ceeding Five Pounds Sterling per Centum per Annum, which shall be applied to- 3,003 ' wards bringing Water into, and paving, lighting, cleansing, and im-pro- ing the Streets of the said Town of Alloa; and when the said Sum, fb borrowed shall be paid off, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to borrow another Sum of Money equal to that by them so paid off as aforesaid; and the said Trustees, for the Sums so to be borrowed, are hereby empowered to assign the Rates and Assessments to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, as well as the Customs of the said Town, and the Rent or Tack Duty payable by the Tacksman of the Fulzie or Dung of the said Streets, as a Security for the Sum or Sums of Money that shall be so borrowed; and that Copies of such Assignments, or Abstracts thereof, shall be entered in Bo. ks to be kept for that Purpose by the said Trustees, and which Assignments shall be transferrable by Indorsement: Provided always, that no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees on the Credit of the Monies to be levied by vir ue and in pursuance of this Act, excepting at the Quarterly Meetings before mentioned.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Sum or Sums of Money Su'.iscriptions that any Person or Personshas or have, or may hereafter subscribeand pay be

towards the Purposes of this Act, shall be repaid out of the Monies to be the Rates and raised and levied by virtue of this Act; and until Repayment, the Money Dunes, advanced by the Subscribers shall be a Lien and preferable Charge upon the same.

LXXXII. And be it also enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall Trustees ac-misapply any Part of the said Monies and Funds committed to their countablefor Management by this Act, they may be prosecuted and made accountable mi therefor before any Court of Law competent, at the Instance of any Two or more Proprietors of Houses, qualified to act as Trustees under this Act:

Provided always, that such Actions or Profei utions shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after such Offence, or Misapplication shall have been alledged to have been committed.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Mode of Re-said Trustees to prosecute for, and recover the several Fines, Penalties, For- ^overy ot Fe-feitures, and Damages hereby imposed (the Manner of levying and reco- c ’ vering whereof is not hereby otherways particularly directed), by Action,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, exhibited within Six Calendar Months after such Offence is committed, before the Baillie of Alloa, or any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any other Judge compe-tenr, within whole Jurisdiction the Offender or Offenders shall reside or be apprehended; and that the Baillie, Justice, or other Judges aforesaid shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, to proceed to the Trial of such Offences in a summary Way; and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders by their own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to award and give such Orders, Judgements, and Decrees as to them shall seem most agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that in Default of Payment of the said several Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures which shall be so awarded, the Person [Loc. & Per.-] j i T or

ioo6

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

or Persons who shall be convicted of any of the Offences before described, and shall and may be sent to the Common Prison of Alloa, and there be kept in Confinement for such Time as such Judge shall direct, not exceeding Three Months, unless the Sum so awarded against them shall be sooner paid and discharged.

benmhba-dy

LXXXIV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ‘ s the said Baillie, Justice, or other Judge aforesaid, or any of them by whom such Judgement, Sentence, or Determination shall be given, pronounced, or made from Time to Time, when they fee Cause, to mitigate, compound, or ldfen any of the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures aforesaid, as lie or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, so as such Mitigation or Composition do not extend to remit above One Moiety of the Penalty inflicted and directed to be levied by this Act; and that every such Mitigation and Composition shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Persons offending respectively, for lo much of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be so mitigated, lessened, or remitted.

Trusteesnot

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That ot' Profit?^" n0 Person or Persons appointed, or to be appointed by this Act, a Trustee for the Purposes of bringing in Water into, paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets of the said Town, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit, arising out of or by reason of any Rates or Duties by this Act laid or granted for the Purposes aforesaid.

Expences of

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of passing this tobfp’d.'OW Act shall be paid as follows, videlicet, Three Fourth Parts thereof out of the Rates and Duties herein-before granted upon Goods and Merchandize exported from or imported into the said Harbour of Alloa, and the other Fourth Part thereof out of the Rates and Assessments to be levied within the Town of Alloa as before directed, or out of the Monies to be borrowed by the said respective Trustees by virtue of this present Act.

Persons ag-

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fppealitthe think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment Qu.nter Sef- which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may appeal to His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Clackmannan at their next General Quarter Sessions , provided such Appeal be lodged within Two Calendar Months next after the said Rent Roll shall have been lodged at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace as before directed; and that the Person appealing shall within Five Days after prtfenting such Appeal lodge in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace a Bond of Caution to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all such Appeals duly made within the Time before limited, and to make such Amendment in the Assessment of the Party appealing, as to the said Justices shall, under all the Circumstances of the Cafe, appear just and equitable; and in case the said Justices shall be of Opinion that the said Appeal is frivolous or groundless they may award such Charges and Expences of defending such Appeal as they shall think proper, and their Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXXVin. And

+3° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extender be construed to extend, to take away, alter, abridge, lessen, change, or intrude upon any of the Powers, Authorities, or the Rights, Privileges, and Properties of the Family of Mar, as Superiors of the said Town of Alloa, but that the same shall remain entire and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXXIX. And be it also enacted, That in case any Suit or Action shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suit or Action, may produce this Act, and plead that the said Things were done by the Authority thereof; and if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendant or Defendants shall be absolved from every such Suit or Action, and shall have Triple Colts and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them, from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the same.

XC. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executioners of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this Act in due and effectual Execution; and that this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as a publick Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such accordingly, without specially pleading the same.

IOO7

Privilege* of the Family of Mar reserv* ed.

Persons prose* cuted, may plead this Act.

Publick Act,

SCHEDULES

ioo8

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

SCHEDULES

To which this Act refer.

Schedule N* 1.

THE TABLE OR SCHEDULE OF RATES.

For every Boll of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Bear, or Begg, Oats, Pease, Beans, Tares, and Rye Grass Seeds For every Sack of Wheat Flour -

For every Boll of Oat, Pease, Bear, or Barley Meal For every Hundred Weight of Pot or Pearl Barley, Split Pease, Rice, or B'fcuic ..

For every Barrel of salted Beef, Pork, or other Provisions -

And so in Proportion for every larger or smaller Cask of Ditto.

For every Pipe, Puncheon, or Piece of Wine or Foreign Spirits -

For every Pipe, Puncheon, or Piece of British Spirits

And so in Proportion for every larger or smaller Calk of Ditto.

For every Hogshead of Porter.

For every Hogshead of Ale or Beer and Yeast For every solid Hogshead of Raw Sugar or Melasses, and other Pac kages of these Articles in Proportion For every Hogshead or Package of Loaf or Lump Sugar per Cwt. -

For every Ton of Tallow -

For every Hundred Weight of Wool, Yarn, or Cotton - For every Ton of Flax or Hemp dressed or undressed, and for every Ton of Tow -

For every Ton of Oakum - For every Ton of Iron, wrought or unwrought For every Ton of Calf Iron -

For every Ton of Pig Iron -

For every Ton of Iron Scone -

For every Ton of Linen Yarn -

For every Pair of Coach or Cart Wheels For every Plundred Weight of Copper or Brass wrought - For every Hundred Weight of Ditto unwrought For every Hundred Weight of Lead or Pewter wrought or unwrought.

For every Chalder of 30 Cwt. of Scots Coals

& S. d.

O O o[

O O 2

O O of

O O 2

O 0 3

O 0 9

O 0 6

O 0 3

O 0 2

O 0 8

O 0 r

O I 0

O 0 4

O I 0

O 0 4

O 0 8

O 0 6

O 0 2

O 0 o|

O I 4

O 0 6

O 0 6

O 0 3

O 0 8

O 0 4

For

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

For every Ton of Duty paid Salt -

For every Ton of Salt for the fishing Duty free For every Hundred Weight of dried Cod, Ling, or Hake -

For every Barrel of White or Red Herrings And so in Proportion for smaller Calks.

For every Chalder of Lime Shells For every Bo^l of flacked Lime

For every Ton of Lime Stones -

For every Load of Fir Timber, containing 50 Cubical Feet -

For every Load of Fir, Deals, Planks, Battons, or Deal Ends, reduced to 50 Cubical Feet - For every Ton of dying Woods - For every Hundred Handfpokes -

For every Fathom of Lathwood -

For every Load containing 50 Cubical Feet of Oak Plank -

For every Load containing 40 Cubical Feet of Oak Timber -

For every Hundred Oars For every Hundred Spokes for Wheels, not exceedinj Two Feet ..

Ditto Ditto exceeding Two Feet

For every Hundred Waggon Rails For every Hundred Fir Crops For every Hundred Staves -

For every Load of Wainscot Logs For every Ton of Oak, Birch, or other Bark For every Bundle of Wood Hoops, containing 120 For every Milnftone

For every Grindftone -

For every Thousand Bricks

For every Thousand Tiles.

For every Thousand Slates For every Hundred Feet of dressed Freeftone, Super facial Measure -

For every Ton of rough Freeftone For every Hundred Feet of flat Paving Stones, Super ficial Measure -

For every Trunk, Chest, or Box, a Barrel Bulk For every Bag of Hops -

For every Pocket of Hops

For every Hundred Weight of eating Butter For every Hundred Weight of Grease -

For every Hundred Weight of Cheese For every Barrel of Train Oil -

For every Barrel of Pitch or Tar For every Chest of Lemons or Oranges For every Boll of Potatoes

For every Ton of Cordage.

For every Ton of Kelp -

[Loc. fcf Per.'] uZ

1010

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 55

For every Ton of Pot, Pearl, or Wood Allies For every Ox, Horse, or Cow Hide Raw For every Crate of Glass Ware -

For every Crate of Earthen Ware -

For every Gross of empty Bottles - For every Dozen of Wine in Bottles For every empty Hogshead, Butt, or Puncheon For every Barrel of Flax, Hemp, or other Seeds ' - For every Chest of Tea -

For every Ton of Chalk, Oaker, and Fullers Earth and Whiting -

C- s. d.

O X 3

o o 04' 0 0 2 0 0 3 OO ll O O ll O O 04 o o 14 009

0 0 2

Schedule N° 2.

An Old House lying at the Head of the Street, called John’s Street, beT longing to and occupied by John Roy Porter.

A small House lying on the Welt Side of the Coal Gate, belonging to apd occupied by Walter Strathen Shoemaker.

A small House on the East Side of the Coal Gate, belonging to and occupied by William Hunter Wright.

t O O - '

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

q o o - 0

1 o o os. t

(j o a o

X t>, " 1

4 G o Jt o o up o o

ipl.T

t) o o

i u O

2

h c 0 ' o u

v. 1 o o

100 t o" t>

O o I ‘o o

0

' W

-T; ,*>L< :> id"!

:o ' .-.B

- 1 )i

-r.Ucjpb 1 tf-h

ih T lo W fc anhttoH

d srOUp jrf.c - ’.V 6 hrnljft

I,. 17

‘'-hT -1 XT I1V3 Kft

raft

jdcjeitf*?- Sp lip® re'i

W'.-rjO It' ntft

otij* 1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

♦sfc

Cap. 56.

An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County. [nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS the Laws for making and repairing Highways and Bridges in Scotland have been found by Experience ineffectual, in their present Shape, for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Kinross, and it would be more convenient and advantageous for all concerned if the whole Statute Labour of the County were converted, upon equitable Terms, into Payments in Money, in place of the present Services, and Powers granted to borrow Money upon the Produce of the Conversion; but such Purposes cannot be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who is at present or here- TrU®ee*« after, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, possessed of Lands in the said County of Kinross. entitling him to be a Commissioner of Supply for the fame, and the eldest Son or apparent Heirs of every such Person so qualified shall be Trustees or Commissioners for making, repairing, upholding, and keeping in Repair the Great and Cross Roads, Bridges, and Ferries within the said County of Kinross, and for executing all the other Powers by this Act to them given and granted; and if any Person or Persons not qualified as aforesaid shall, nevertheless, presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, besides the Ex-[Loc. & Per.] 12 A pence

I

ioi4

First annual General Meeting of the Trustees for the Count/.

Trustees to defray their own Expences.

Extent of a

Plough-

gate.

Power to convert the Plough-gates at One Pound Sterling, each to be paid by the Heritor or Liferenter;

with Recourse to the Occupier.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

pence of Prosecution, to be recovered by Summary Complaint, at the Suit of any Heritor of the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the said County, and to be paid to the said Trustees, or their Collector, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall hold their Fird General Meeting within the County Room of Kinross, on the First Monday of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and on the First Monday of June yearly and every Year thereafter, for the Purpose of proceeding to the Execution of this Act, any Seven of them being a Quorum, and shall then rhoofe a Clerk for the Purpose of keeping the Minutes or Records of those Proceedings, and which Clerk shall receive such Salary as shall be fixed for him out of the Funds of the different Districts hereinafter mentioned, in Proportion to the valued Rent of the said Districts, and the said Trustees may then and afterwards, from Time to Time, adjourn ihemfcives to meet again at such Time as the lad Meeting shall think proper, without Prejudice to their meeting sooner, if there shall be Occasion, upon Notice by the Clerk of the lad Meeting, advertis'ed at lead in Three Edinburgh Newspapers, Ten Days previous to the intended Meeting.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at all the Meetings to be held in virtue of this Act, shall defray their own Charges and Expences of every Kind.

IV. And be it enacted, That during the Exidence of this Act, a Plough-gate of Land within the County of Kinross in respect to the Statute Labour, shall be held and deemed to be equal to Fifty Acres of Land, whether Plantations, Arable, or Padure Lands, or Seventy Pounds Sterling of actual Gross Rent, paid by the Occupier, in the Option of the Proprietor, and so in proportion for lesser lDivisions or Parts of a Plough-gate of Land.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees in the several Didrifts hereinafter mentioned, or a Quorum of the said Trustees (any Five of whom being sufficienc to conditute a Quorum) shall at their Fird General Meetings, or any Adjournment thereof, within the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, and at the annual General Meetings thereafter of the said. Didrifts, have Power to convert, and diall actually convert the Services exigible by Law for each Plough-gate at a Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling, and so in proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity or Produce of a Plough-gate, to be paid in the Fird Indance by the Heritors and Liferenters of the Ground, but declaring, that although Power is granted to charge the Heritor^ to the Extent before mentioned, yet, that the Trustees shall not exact more than what is annually necessary to answer the Purposes of the Trutt.

VI. And in tefpeft all Lessees, Tenants, and Occupiers of Land are by Law liable in Performance of the Statute Labour, or Payment of the converted Value thereof, be it enacted, That the Heritor or Liferenter liable for and paying the converted Value of the Statute Labour as afore-

laid.

ioi5

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

said, shall have Recourse for the Amount thereof, upon the Tenants and Occupiers of the Ground, in proportion to the Extent or Rent of the Property possessed by them respectively, whether the fame be held immediately of the Proprietor or by Subfet, to be ascertained either by the Extent of the Property or Quantum of Rent, as may have been proportioned on the Heritor or Literenter; and the Proprietor shall be entitled to the fame Diligence for Recovery thereof as is authorised for levying the Deficiencies of the converted Values of Statute Labour, at the Instance of the Collector of the Cess, in Manner hereinafter specified.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees of each particular Dif- Conversion tridh or a Quorum of them, at their First or any adjourned Meeting in labour for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, or any annual General chaises and Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorised to convert, and Carts, shall actually convert the Statute Labour, exigible from the Owners, of

all Chaises with Four Wheels, drawn by Two or more Horses, let for Hire, at any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling; and from the Owners of all Chafes with Two Wheels, drawn by One Horse, let for Hire, at any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling; and the Owners of all Carts or other Carriages, drawn by Two or more Horses, or other Bealls of Draught, let for Hire, to be used in conveying Persons or Things, at a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling each; and the Statute Labour for all Carts and other Carriages let for Hire as aforesaid, drawn by One Florfe or other Bead of Draught, at a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling each.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in place of personal Services which Conversion

Householders and others are obliged at present by Law to perform, in personal making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County, 0

a Conversion shall be paid in Money, to be applied for that Purpose j holder». and it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees of the Districts hereinafter mentioned, and they are hereby authorised and directed

by a Writing under their Hands, to aflcfs all Householders, Cottagers, Labourers, and Tradesmen of every Denomination, whether Matters or Journeymen, living together or separately in One House,

(not being attested in a Conversion of Statute Labour otherwise,) in a Conversion of such Number of Days’ Labour, not exceeding Six as they shall consider proportioned to the Circumstances of each Individual; declaring that the Matters and Employers of all Journeymen shall in the hirft Instance be liable in and obliged to pay the First Instance Conversion of the Statute Labour attested upon their said Journeymen, for their and shall have Recourse for Payment thereof upon the Journeymen for Journeymen, whom they shall be lb liable and obliged to pay, and shall be entitled f° h'reTby the the lame Diligence for Recovery of the same as is competent to the Truf- Year, and tees for levying the Conversion of the Statute Labour by this Act im-Householders posed: declaring also, that Servants Iona fide hired by the Year for specific Wages, and all Householders renting a House, which with the Yard notUe*£eed’. and other Premises, does not exceed the yearly Rent of One Pound ing 20s. a Sterling, shall be and are hereby exeemed from performing Statute Ser- Year not vices, or Payment of the convened Values thereof altogether. liable.

t

1016 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Power to

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Truf-een't PeTfo't toes’ ,n any One Distritls hereinafter mentioned, or any Three of

them, by a Writing under their Hands, to exeem and free from Payment of the before-mentioned Composition of personal Statute Labour altogether, all such Persons within the District to which the said Trustees belong, as shall appear to them to be in indigent Circumstances, or proper Objects to be exempted from Payment thereof.

Fixing Con- X. And be it enacted, That the Rate of Conversion of Days’ Labour version for 4,3]] tje fjxec| by the Trustees of each of the said Districts respectively ac Day Labour. pjrfl ]yjeeting to be held in pursuance hereof, or any Adjournment thereof for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, and at their General Meeting on the last Friday of April yearly, at any Sum not exceeding the ordinary Price of Labour of that Part of the Country where the Labour is to be performed.

Heritors to givf in L IU of their Plough-gates.

Proprietors to have a separate Option of Conversion.

XI. And be it enacted, That in order to render the making up the Lift of the said Plough-gates more ealy and expeditious, each Heritor of the County shall, within Two Months after the First Meeting of the Districts to be held in pursuance of this Act, and on or before the First Day of January annually thereafter, deliver in to the Clerk for the District, to be transmitted to the Clerk of the General Meeting of Trustees, a Writing or Account, specifying his or her Option of the Mode they incline to have their Plough-gates rated for the ensuing Year, and of the Number of Plough-gates, and proportional Parts of a Plough-gate, they are reflectively liable in agreeably to that Option j declaring always, that all Proprietors of Land shall have it in their Power to make a separate Option of the Mode of Conversion for each particular Farm separately occupied or possefiied by them or their Tenants, and such Option shall in every Cafe be made in the Manner mod beneficial to the Occupier or Tenant; and that Heritors occupying their own Lands, shall be liable in the Conversion of Statute Labour in the same Manner as the Tenants; and that in cale any Objection shall be made to the Value dated by the Heritors themselves, the yearly Value of all Grounds and other Subjects in the natural Possession of the Heritors shall be ascertained by Two neutral Men, One tube named by the Proprietor, and another on the Part of the Trustees of the District, who shall on Oath report what in their Opinion the Ground or other Subject so occupied by the Heritor would rent at for a Nineteen Years' Lease; and the Rent thus fixed shall beheld as the annual Value of the Ground or other Subjects so occupied by the Heritor: Providing, That in case any Heritor or Heritors shall refule or neglect to give in the before-mentioned Account within the Time before specified, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any after General Meeting of the District, to rate the said Heritors as liable in Statute Labour, in the Proportion of a Plough-gate of L.and for each Seventy Pounds of real Rent, as the fame may be reported by the Surveyors in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

Power to rite

XII. And be it enacted, That in case the said Trustees of each District, Occupiers of or a Quorum of them shall find it necessary, they are hereby authorised Land> to call or cite all Occupiers of Land before them, or to appoint a Committee of their Number for the Purpose of taking a Proof of the Rent of any Farm or Possdlion, and to examine the Tenants and Occupiers

on

ioi 7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

On Oath, as to the Rent? payable by them respectively, and which Oaths they are hereby empowered to administer.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Whole of the converted Values, levi- At wh>t able by this Act for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, T'me lh® shall be due and payable on the Fifteenth Day of August in the said Year, ValueYare and annually on the Fifteenth Day of May thereafter, except in the Cafe payable, hereinafter specified.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for the respective Districts Power to after mentioned, or a Quorum of them, at their First Meeting to be held name Sur* in virtue hereof, or any Adjournment, within the Year One thousand vefor*’ eight hundred and three, and at their annual General Meetings in their respective Districts thereafter, are hereby empowered to name Surveyors

or other proper Officers, and which Surveyor or other Officer appointed who are to for the Purpose, shall, on or before the First Day of January One thou- j^Uuiofe sand eight hundred and four, and on or before the First Day of January an- jjable in Sta-nually thereafter, make up and report on Oath an exact Lift of all the tute Labour. Plough-gates of Land and lefier Divisions thereof, belonging to the several Heritors of the District respectively, to be ascertained in Manner aforesaid, and of all Persons keeping Chaises, Carts, or other Carriages, liable in a Conversion of Statute Labour as aforesaid, and of all House-holdns and others liable, in a Conversion for personal Services; and the Surveyor or other Officer shall immediately, after having ascertained the Conversion due by virtue of this Act, make a Report of the same to the said Trustees respectively, who shall have full Power and Authority to a fiefs any Person or Persons at a higher or lower Rate, according to the Extent of the Work to be done for the Year, and the said Surveyor shall then deliver to the said Person or his known Fador or Agent, a Note, dated and subscribed, specifying the Conversion in which they are respectively haole; and the Persons so assessed, in case they shall think themselves ag- Powers to grieved thereby, shall have Power, within Ten Days after receiving the aPPea,‘ laid Note of their Conversion, to appeal for Redress to the nexc General Meeting of Trustees, whole Determination shall finally ascertain the Conversion in which the Person so appealing is liable for the current Year:

Provided always, That it shall not be in the Power of the said General UftT

Meeting, to fix a higher Rate of Assessment for the Year than has been to clerks to previously settled by the Trustees of the District; and the said Surveyors the Distrias shall, within Ten Days after the said First Day of January One thousand and thefeto eight hundred and four, and within Ten Days after the First Day of Janu- clerk'with1 ary annually thereafter, give in to the Clerk of the District therein he is any Vlter-Surveyor, a full and distinct Copy of the Assessment made by him for ations. the Year; and the Clerk for the said respective Districts shall lay the fame before a Committee to be appointed for that special Purpose by a preceding General Meeting, and which Committee shall meet on the First Friday of February annually.

XV. And be it enacted, That a certified Copy of the said Report, Collector of so far as respects the Conversions payable for Plough-gates, shall, within the Ce^ to Ten Days after Receipt thereof, be delivered by the Clerk to the Codec- CoLYfioo for of the Cefs for the said County for the Time, or to any other Person for plough, or Persons to be appointed Collector or Collectors by the Trustees of each gates, and District, at a General Meeting from Time to Time; and the said Coilec- K.ive 1

r t c d n 1 n . tlQQ Oi ihc

[Lee. & Per.] 12 B for,

ioi8 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

CoUeaion t0r’ or ot'1er Person or Persons to be so appointed shall, and he is hereby authorised to levy the converted Value of the said Statute Labour exigible on the Plough-gates; and shall, at the Time the Collection of the Cess is intimated annually, give Notice of the Time and Place of collecting the fame; and the whole of the Lid converted Values shall be payable to the Diligmce to Collector on or before the said Fifteenth Day of May in each Year; and in R*co»-/°of ca^e an? Her'for. liable in the said converted Values, shall neglect. Arrears? ° delay, or refuse to pay the Conversion of the Statute Labour respectively due by them, after the fame becomes due, the Collector shall, within Fourteen Days thereafter, make up a certified Lift of Deficients, specifying the Sums respectively due by them; and it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff-Depute, or his Substitute for the said County, and they are hereby required to grant summary Warrant for poinding and distraining the Effects of such Deficients, and to apprize the fame on the Spot where they may be found, and afterwards to sell the same by Auction for Payment of the Conversion Money that shall be due, together with One Half more, in Nance of Charges attending the Recovery thereof; and the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid when demanded to the Person whose Effects shall have been so poinded, which Warrants are to be granted by the Sheriff-Depute or Substitute, or Justices aforesaid, upon an Application made to them, or any of them, and an Attestation subscribed by the Collectors, certifying that the Persons complained of have been defi-Same Dili- cient in paying the said Assessments, or Conversion above mentioned, and gence com- exprefhng therein the Arrear of each Person , and it shall be competent petent at the to Proprietors to apply for the like summary Diligence for recovering the Proprietors Conversions paid by them from the Tenants and Occupiers of the againstOc- Grounds, who may refuse or neglect to pay the same to the Laodloid cupiers. within Ten Days after they shall be required so to do.

Conversion

XVI. And be it enacted, That all Persons liable in Payment of Conver-for personal fions (not leviable conformably to the Plough-gate) shall, upon the Rates wtien'nVi being duly intimated to them in Manner before specified, annually pay the able. fame to the Collector, Overseer, or other Person appointed by the Truf-

teesof each Dill rice for that Purpose, on or before the said Fifteenth Day of May of the Year for which the Conversion is due; but in case any Person or Persons shall be omitted to be assessed in the converted Values, previous to the said Fifteenth Day of May, then they shall be obliged to pay the Conversion to the said Collector or Overseer within Fourteen Days Diligence after the fame is intimated to them; and if any Person shall neglect or thertof°Vtr^ rc^uk to P3^ 'be fa'd Composition after the Expiry of the Time before specified, it shall then be lawful for the Sheriff-Depute, or his Substituie, or for any One or more Justices of the Peace, for the said County, and they are hereby required to grant summary Warrant for Recovery thereof, with One Half more in Name of Expences in Manner before expressed, with respect to the Recovery of Arrears of the Conversions due for Plough-gates.

Collectors,

XVII. And be it enacted, That in case of a Warrant being improperly ^treble* obtained against any Person for Payment of the converted Values due by

Damages, them, the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute or any One or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, shall have Power to award any Sum not exceeding Triple the Amount as Damages sustained by any Person

ioi9

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Person or Persons aggrieved by the Execution of a Warrant granted as above; which Damages are to be paid by the Collector, Surveyor, or other Officer, upon whose Attedation such Warrant shall have been granted, in case it shall appear to the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, or the said Justices of the Peace, that the said Collector or other Officer has made an improper Application against any Person liable as aforesaid; which Damages shall be wholly payable to the Parties aggrieved, and shall be levied as above directed with respect to poinding the Effects of Deficients; and in case any of the Collectors shall fail or omit to exact the aforesaid Assessment or Conversion, every such Collector shall be liable by a Sentence of the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or any Two or more of the J udices of the Peace, to pay the Assessment or Conversion Money so failed or omitted to be exacted by him, with One Half more in name of Expences.

XVIII. And whereas ic has been found by Experience from the Number Assessments of Roads and Bridges, and the daily Increase of Carriages within the said of 3/. 4a'. County, that the Sum allowed to be levied has been insufficient for keep- S'erhngon ing the said Bridges in Repair; be it further enacted, That it shall and Scgtl< °f’ya_ may be lawful to and for the said Trustees of each District at their luation. General Meeting on the Second Friday of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and at every annual Meeting on the lad Friday of April thereafter, to assess the whole Heritors of the District in a Sum not exceeding Three Shillings and Four-pence Sterling upon every Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and which Assessment shall be levied by the said Collector along with the Conversions of Statute Labour before mentioned, and shall be applied towards the building, making, How ap-repairing, and upholding the Highways and Bridges within the said plied. District; declaring always that no Money shall be granted for any Bridge Aid10 the Expence of which may exceed Eighty Pounds Sterling, until an Ap- Bridge?, the plication shall be made to a Meeting of the Trustees of the District who Expence of shall thereupon appoint a Committee to cause the said Bridge to be inspected; and in case it is found necessary to be repaired, the said Committee shall advtrtife in at lead Three Edinburgh Newspapers for Contractors for repairing the fame, and report the Edimates and their Opinion to the Fird annual or other General Meeting, who shall, if they judge ic expedient, grant the Aid required to be levied and applied in Manner before mentioned.

XIX. And be ic enabled. That the Collector of the Cefsfor the said Coun- Collector to ty, or other Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the Trustees, of the lodge the several Didricts, shall, on the Fird Day of September One thousand eight 'n hundred and three, and on the Fird Day of July annually thereafter, lodge with the Bank of Scotland at Edinburgh or the Branch of said Bank ac Dunfermline the Proportions of the Conversions of the Statute Labour, and all other Money collected in virtue hereof which may then have been levied by him, and obtain a Receipt from the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland therefor, which Receipt, along with a Lid of the Persons then in Arrear, shall be lodged with the Clerk, and the Collector shall be allowed for his Trouble in levying, recovering, and paying over the Conversions and other Monies authorised by this Act to be levied, the Sum of One Pound per Centum for the Money so levied and paid over by him.

1020

Con vet (ion of Money how to be laid cut.

County tc be divided into Three Dif. trifts.

Meeting of Trustees.

Tru He's to form Lifts of Roads to be repaired.

4/ GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

XX. And be it enacted, That the whole Produce of the Conversions of

Statute Labour to be levied under the Authority of this Act, and all Sums of Mon-y which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, shall be laid out and expended upon the Roads within the Districts respectively from which such Conversion shall be levied, or on which the Interest of such Monies to be borrowed shall be charged, and no otherwise.

XXI. ^And be it enacted, That for the more easy and effectual Execution of the Powers hereSv granted, the said County of Kinross shall be divided inro Three Districts; the Parishes of Kinross and Orwell to be one District, the Parishes of Portmoak and Arngafk to be another Districr, and the Parishes of Cleifh and Fullybole to be another District; < e laring always, that when it may be necessary to build or repair a Bridge across a Rivulet, Hollow Ground, or other Space which is the Boundary betwixt Two Districts, the Expence of the Bridge so to be built shall be defrayed by the Two Districts betwixe which it forms the Junction, and that in Proportion to the Number of Plough-gates within the said respective Districts, and every Measure relative thereto shall be settled ac a joint Meeting of the Trustees of the Two Districts concerned.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees for the said respective Districts shall meet alternately at the Churches of the Parishes within each District, upon the Second Friday of June One thousand eight hundred and three, at Twelve of the Clock Mid-day, and on the last Friday of April, at Twelve of the Clock Mid-day annually in Time coming, any Five of them being a Quorum, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and may then and afterwards adjourn themselves to meet at such Times and Places on or near the said Roads as the said Trustees at the last Meeting shall think proper, without Prejudice to their meeting sooner, if there shall be Occasion, upon Notice by the Clerk of the last Meeting, advertised once at lead in any Three of the Edinburgh Newspapers published for the Time Ten Days at lead previous to the Meeting.

XXIII. And be it enacted, that the said Trustees for their respective Districts Shall, at their said First Meeting, or any after regular Meeting of the District to be held previous to the Annual General Meeting of the Trustees for the County, on the Days before-mentioned make up a List of the Great and Cross Roads within each Parish of the District to which the Funds ought in the First Place to be applied, with an Estimate of the Expence of making the same, and the Proportion of the Funds to be applied thereto, and report their Proceedings to the said General Meecing of the Trustees for the County, which General Meeting shall insert the said Report from each of the said Districts in their Minutes or Records for the Information and Inspection of all concerned, and the Lines of Road being once fixed, the same shall not be altered or any new Road inserted in the Lifts until the Roads so fixed at the said General Meeting of the District where the Roads lie be declared completely made and finished, unless upon Application to an annual Meeting of the District in the Month of April, Notice being given in Three Edinburgh Newspapers One Month previous to such Meeting, of the Intention of the Party con< ccrned to apply to have the Road inserted in the Lift.

1021

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in order that the Roads may be more p0«er to speedily and effectually put in Repair, and the Public derive immediate borrow Advantage therefrom, the Trustees for each District, or any Five or M°ney. more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall have Power to borrow Money on the Security of the Funds leviable by virtue of this Act,

to be applied in making and repairing the Great and Cross Roads within the District, Notice of the Intention of borrowing, and the Extent of the Sums to be borrowed, being always given by Advertisement in any Three Edinburgh Newspapers published for the Time, at 1 aft Ten Days previous to such borrowing: Provided always, That no Sum shall be borrowed unless it clearly appears that a Sum equal at least to Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of the Capital Sum so proposed to be borrowed (over and above the legal Interest of the Money borrowed, the Sum to be appropriated by the Trustees for keeping the Roads in Repair and Expence of Management), can and shall actually be appropriated and set apart as a Sinking Fund, carefully and attentively to be applied in diminishing and extinguishing the Debt to be incurred; and that if any Trustee or set of Trustees shall borrow Money for making the Roads without adopting and following out these Regulations, he or they shall be personally liable for the Money so borrowed, and the same shall not be held as a Debt on the Trull Funds of the District; and all Monies borrowed shall be lodged in the Bank of Scotland at Edinburgh or in the Branch of that Bank at Dunfermline, upon a Receipt from the Treasurer, there to remain till the Making and Repairing the Roads for which it is borrowed actually commence, and afterwards to be drawn as the Operations require, in Manner hereinafter specified.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees or a Quorum of them power to at any General Meeting for the respective Districts assembled, are hereby assign the empowered to adign and convey the Funds leviable by this Act in Security £u"<j?t,nof of the Money to be borrowed upon the Credit of the Produce thereof, Money^or-to any Person or Persons from whom the said Money shall be borrowed; rowed, and all Alignments of the said Funds shall be entered by the Clerk in a

Book to be kept for that Purpose, and which Book may be seen and perused at all seasonable Times without Fee or Reward.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Assignation.to be granted for the Sums of Money so to be borrowed shall be agreeable to the following Form, or in other Words to the fame Purport; that is to say,

" DY virtue of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign Form of " of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act Bond or " {here insert the Title of the Act,') we the Trustees for putting the said Assignation, " Act into Execution assembled at a General Meeting of the District of " called agreeable to the aforesaid Act in considera-

" tion of the Sum of advanced by

" A.B. for the Purpose of making and repairing the Roads in the Parish of {or the Line of Road from, as the Case may be)

" do hereby assign to the said A.B. his Executors and Assignees such " Proportion of the Funds appropriated for making and repairing the Roads in the said Parish of {or the Line of

" Road from, as the Case may be) as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum borrowed, or to be borrowed,

[Loc. & Per.) X2 C " to

1022

Bonds to be transferable by Indorfa-tion.

Form of Transference.

Application of the Money borrowed.

Proportion of Funds to be allocated.

Grants of Money how to be ob.

tained.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

" to be held by the said A.B. his Executors and Assignees from this " Day of in the Year of our Lord

" until the aforesaid Sum of

" with Interest at the Rate of per

" Centum per Annum shall be repaid. In Witness whereof we have subscribed this Assignation, written by C.D. Clerk to the said Trustees " (or any other Person) at the

" Day of Years, in the Presence of the said C. D.

" and E. F. of

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Bondsand Assignations to be granted in Security of Money to be borrowed in virtue of the Powers contained in this Act, shall be transferable from Time to Time, by a simple Indorfa-tion by the Creditor on the Back thereof, in the following Words, or Words to the fame Purport, without the Necessity of any ocher Conveyance, videlicet-,

" T Do hereby transfer this Assignation with all my Right and Title to " the Principal and Interest thereby secured and now due unto C.D. <c his Executors and Assignees. Witness my Hand at the

" Day of in the Year

" before these Witnesses, E. F. and G. H."

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Funds to be levied in virtue of this Act shall be, and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the same shall be applied and disposed of in Re-payment of the Money borrowed, and in making and repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads: Declaring always. That the Funds of each Districe shall only be applied in Re-payment of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Sum arising within the District, and to the Sinking Fund for discharging the Debt thereon, and in making and repairing the Lines of Road within that District and no otherwise.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Trustees for the respective Districts shall, at the First Meeting to be held in pursuance hereof, or any Adjournment thereof, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three and every annual General Meeting the reafter, ascertain the Proportion of the Funds of each District, to be allocated for the respective Roads within the same for the ensuing Year: Declaring, That when a particular Portion of the said Fund of any District has been once allocated for making and repairing any Line of Road within the District, and Money has been borrowed upon the Faith of that Allocation, it shall not be in the Power of the Trustees to alter the Allocation until the Money so borrowed is paid off and discharged.

XXX. And be it enacted, That none of the Funds or Money shall be allocated or granted but on the Application of One or more Trustees or other respectable Persons, who, by obtaining the Grant, shall be held responsible and strictly accountable for the faithful Expenditure of the Sum granted, and who before obtaining any Grant for Money, shall give in a List of the respective Roads meant to be made and repaired by them, and at the same Time shall give in an Estimate, specifying the Expence per Rood of the proposed making or Repairs.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 1023

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Money shall be applied to the T° be>aP-respective Roads for which it was granted, and to no other Road, under the ‘(?rthe Penalty of repaying the Sum drawn with legal Interest for the fame from w'h.ch

the Day it was paid, and One Half more by way of Fine on the Person granted, applying the same.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Money, to the Extent of the Sum Not to be granted, shall not be paid until the Work is begun, when it maybe drawn Fa'd 1,11 the for at One or more Instalments, by Order of the Person or Persons to ^lnCke, COm* whom it was granted, on the Clerk to the said District, who shall accept

and direct it for Payment by the Bank of Scotland, or Branch thereof as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That whoever obtains a Grant for and re- Those ob-ceives Money, shall make up and lodge with the Clerk to the District an tain, DS attested Account on Oath, with regular Vouchers for the fair Expenditure

of the Money, distinguishing the Sum expended on each Road; and if thecoun, «-Whole or any Part of the Money granted shall have been paid and not ex tested oa pended or accounted for as aforesaid, the same shall be repaid imme- °ath* < diately after the First Day of January thereafter, and One Half more by way of Penalty, and legal Interest for both from the said First Day of January, until paid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That all Grants for the Expenditure of Account* which regular Accounts as aforesaid shall not be lodged, and the Payment not lodge<,» demanded on or before the First Day of January yearly, shall be held

as not laid out or expended as the fame was allocated, and, together deemed to with all unappropriated Money, shall remain at the future Disposal ofbelaidout. the Trustees of the District, at their annual General Meeting in April or afterwards, to be applied on such Roads as they shall think proper.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the Proceedings in the different Dif- Diflriftsto triers shall be reported to the First annual General Meeting of the Trustees report their for the County, to be held in consequence of this Act'; and at every annual Procee<iings* General Meeting the reafter there shall be laid before them a Summary of the Proceedings of the Trustees for their respective Districts previous to the said Meetings of the County, containing a List of the Roads adopted for Repair, an Account of the Money levied and Money borrowed (if any) in virtue of this Act, with the Proportion of those Funds allocated to each Line of Road, which shall be regularly inserted in their Minutes or Records.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees of each District, at Trustees to

their First Meeting, and every annual General Meeting of their respective name offi- Districts, shall have Power to nominate and appoint Clerks, Collectors, ("rs (heAft Surveyors, or other Officers they may consider necessary for carrying thisjntSExe-Act into Execution, and to remove these Officers at Pleasure. cution.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees of each District shall Trustee* to keep a Record of their Proceedings, and an exact Account of the Money re- J*00*" ceived by virtue of this Act, and of the Application thereof, in a Book in the *"

Hands of their Clerk; which Book of Accounts and Proceedings, all Heritors

1024

Trustees to Snake the Great and Cross Roads,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

ritors of the said District shall at any reasonable Time be at Liberty to inspect without Fee or Reward; and the Trustees for the County at large shall also keep a Record of their Proceedings and of the Reports from the federal Districts, which shall be open to the Inspection ot every Heritor within the County, likewil'e without Fee or Reward; and in case of any Misapplication of Money collected, received, or levied by virtue of this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall misapply, or by whose Authority the same shall be misapplied, shall forfeit and pay double the Sum so applied, to be recovered from him or them at the Suit of any Two or more Heritors within the said County possessed of Two Hundred Pounds Scots each of valued Rent, who are hereby authorised to pursue for and recover the fame in a Summary Action before the Judge Ordinary, with full Cods of Suit, One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall belong to the Persons who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Trustees for the District where the Misappiica-tion may have taken place, who are hereby directed to apply the fame for the repairing of the said Roads.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees in the General Meetings of their respective Districts shall, and they are hereby authorised to cause the Great and Cross Roads, Bridge', and Ferries, within the said Districts, to be altered, amended, widened, and repaired in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to settle the Direction of any of the said Roads, and to make or cause to be made new Lines of Roads if necessary: Provided always, That such new Roads shall in no Cafe be carried through any Lawn, Avenue, Garden, Orchard, Pleasure or Nur-fery Ground, or within Three Hundred Yards of any Man(ton-house,so as to incommode the fame; and further, to cut and make Drains, Ditches, or Trenches, through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads, and to make Passages for the Water, where ic shall be found necessary, from such Ditches or Trenches through the Ground of any adjacent Proprietor, and also to keep clear such Drains, Ditches, Passages, or Outlets; and the Workmen authorised by them may go upon the said Lands for that Purpose: Provided always, That reasonable Satisfaction be made to the Owner or Occupier of such Lands for the Damage to be done thereby, to be ascertained in Manner after specified: Declaring, That if any such Owners or Occupiers shall not be satisfied with the Offer made to them by the said Trustees, or shall refule to treat, or shall allege that the Grounds which it is proposed to occupy by the Road are such as cannot be broken in upon; in any of those Cases, the Propriety of going through such Grounds, and the Amount of the Damages, shall be ascertained by a Jury to be called by the Sheriff Depute of Kinro/s or his Substitutes, who, upon Application, are hereby authorised and required to funimon a Number of discreet and iubftantial Persons, being Owners and Occupiers of Land, entitled to be Commissioners of Supply within the said County, not less than Twenty-two in Number to come and appear before him or them at such Time and Place as by their Warrant and Precept shall be directed, Intimation of Ten Days being given by the Trustees of such Appointment to the Party concerned, or his or her Agent; and the Number of Persons who shall attend shall then be reduced to Eleven, by the Trustees and the Proprietor linking off One alternately, beginning on the Part of the Proprietor, or in cale both Parties shall fail to appear.

1025

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

by the Sheriff striking off until the Number be so reduced; and the re* maining Eleven being duly sworn, the Sheriff shall proceed to exa-amine upon Oath, in their Presence, such Witnesses as shall be summoned by either Party, and upon their Depofuions and other competent Evidence, such Jury shall determine not only the Propriety of the proposed Widening or Alteration, but also of the Damages to be paid by the Paid Trulfees, and their Verdict shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, without any Power of Appeal whatsoever; and the Sheriff shall thereupon order Payment to be made of the Sums awarded by the Jury, and shall ordain the Owners and Occupiers of the Grounds or other Subjects, or their Trulfees, Tutors, Curators, or Administrators, upon Payment or lawful Tender thereof, quietly to permit and suffer the said Trustees to take Poffdfion of the Grounds or other Subjects.

n.'i v* . ' .: v ' ,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements,ror Hereditaments pur- of 9onJPen" chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Pur- ^y^henex-poses thereof, which are held under Pintail or are subject to Liferents, ceedingioo/. Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation,

Married Woman, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a Summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land-Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to ihe Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Set* tlement were made.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money If under so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-laments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Inca-(Loc. ft? Per.] la D pacity

1026

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

pacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Five Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

where under

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money jo. ter in8- p0 agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments fb purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Trusteej to

XLII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees in their said District anOdcf'es* Meetings ®*aH» and they are hereby authorised and empowered to cause an n ges. ngw Arches and Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Timber, to be made or erected upon the said Roads, and any old Bridges which may become useless or unnecessary by changing the Course of the Road or otherwise, to be pulled down, and the Materials thereof to be sold or applied in building new Arches, or for repairing the said Roads as they shall lee proper; and also to cause such Parts of the said Roads, as they shall consider not of sufficient Breadth, to be widened and made of such Breadth as they shall see necessary, not exceeding Forty Feet free of Ditches and fide Drains, and also to cause the Course of such Part or Parts of the said Roads as they shall think proper to be changed or altered, for (horiening the fame, or for making them more accessible; and for these Purposes, if necessary, to cause remove Fences, or pull down any House or Houses, not exceeding Twelve Feet in Height, upon giving the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Hotifes (or his known Agent, in case of his being forth of Scotland) Six Months previous Notice of their Intention of purchasing the House or Houses so to be pulled down, and also upon giving the Occupiers of Houses legal Intimation of removing, the said Trustees being always liable to the Owners of Houses and Fences lo to be pulled down in the Damages thereby incurred to be ascertained in Manner herein mentioned; and the Road so altered shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be a public Highway, and shall be repaired and amended and kept in Repair in the same Manner as the said Great and Cross Roads to be made and repaired in virtue of this Act

' ' xliu. And

v* i

I

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 1027

XLIII. And be it enacted, That for the more easy and effectual putting DifbiA tn Execution this Act, the said Trustees, at any Meeting of their laid Mee,ng*. respective Districts, may authorise and appoint such a Number of the said Comafutees. Trustees as they shall think proper, who may live near to each of the said Roads by this Act to be. made and repaired, as a Committee, Three being a Quorum, and empower them to give such Orders and Directions for the Repair of the said Roads as to them shall (eem reasonable, such Committees being always accountable to the Trustees for the Dillricr, and for that Purpose shall lay before them, once in the Year, a State of their Accounts, and all their Tranl'actions, with proper Vouchers for the Disbursements made by them, to be by the said Trustees, at their said District Meetings, examined, audited, and approved, and to be entered in the Book kept by the Clerk for the District.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That where any Road in the said County Roads run-runs through uninclosed Ground, or Ground which is inclosed on one Side mn2 th, O0gl1 of the Road only, it shall and may be lawful to the said Trustees, at any Meeting of the respective Districts, to cause the same to be widened to be wideoed. the Breadth of Thirty Feet, without any Recompence from the Trustees (and without Prejudice to their widening the same to Forty Feet if necessary, upon Payment of the Ground taken more than the said Thirty Feet); and where such widening shall be of a Road running through Ground inclosed on one Side, the additional Breadth shall be taken off the uninclosed Ground, and the Proprietor of the inclosed Ground shall be obliged to pay the Proprietor of the uninclosed Ground One Half of the Value of the Ground beyond Twenty-five Feet, and not exceeding Thirty Feet, taken off the uninclosed Property, as the same shall be ascertained by any Three or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their Quarter Sessions assembled.

XLV. And be it enacted, That in case the Course of any of the said Ground of Roads shall be altered or widened as aforesaid, the said Trustees in their old Roadsto District Meetings, shall, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, be fold‘ as Toon as the said New Roads shall be completed and made passable and convenient for Carriages, to cause to be valued the Old Roads, and dispose of and fell the Grounds comprised in or through which the Old or former Road did lead, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Ground through which the said Old Road did pais having always an Offer thereof at the said Valuation, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the Mending of the said Roads; and the Sale or Conveyance, or Conveyances, to be made of such Lands and Grounds comprised in the said Old Road being executed by the Prefes of the said Trustees, in their District Meeting, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatever: Provided always, That the said Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands or Buildings,

shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Lands or Buildings-, and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or Buildings shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands or Buildings, dating that such Offer was made by or on Be- half of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was no: then and thereupon if. I ’ agreed

10-2 8

43 GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the satre-was (o offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refuftcF by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

er to dig

XLVI. And be it enacted, That rt shall and may be lawful for the-Gravel, &c. Surveyor or Surveyors of the Paid Roads, and such Persons as he or they shall appoint, by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees of the said Distriers to dig, gather, take, and carry away any Gravel, Furze, HVath, Sand, Stones, and other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being the Ground whereon any Houses (hand, the Side-walls of which are Twelve Feet high, nor a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Planted Walk or Walks, Lawn, or any Avenue to any House, nor any Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart and used as a Nursery for Trees, except such Gravel Pits as have been opened and used for the Purpose of repairing the Roads within Three Years previous to the Palling of this An) where such Materials arc or may be found 5 and from Time to Time to cause the same to be carried away, or so much thereof as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall judge necessary for making, repairing, and mending the Roads aforesaid, paying only the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of the said Grounds respectively, where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, taken away, or over which the same shall be carried.

Value of XLVlf. And be it enacted, That in ail Cases where the Owners and Oc-ma°ed how cupiers of Houses and Grounds do not agree with the Trustees concerning to be afeer- the Amount of Damages done by digging Gravel and other Materials-tained, necessary to be taken for the making and repairing the said Roads, the fame shall be determined by a Jury in Manner herein-before mentioned but such Difference between the Trustees and Owners or Occupiers, shall not in the mean Time hinder the proceeding with the carrying off and ufrng any Gravel, Stones,-Sand, or other Materials, and applying . the fame towards making and repairing the said Roads; and the Determination of the said Jury is hereby declared to be final.

PsITessors to

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That where any Ditches have been or in made^byCheS Time coming shall be made near the Sides of the said Roads, or through them. a°y of the Fields adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fields, then such Proprietors and Occupiers shall, and are hereby required to keep those Ditches properly scoured, and not to allow the In default. Water to flagnate therein j and in case of their failing so to do, after Trustees may fen Days’ Notice previously given, the Overseers of the said Roads being their Cost* or^erc^ by any One of the Trustees of the District, may and are hereby required to order such Ditches to be cleaned, opened, and scoured, at the Coll and Expences of the Proprietors or Occupiers of the Fields through which those Ditches shall be made and upon their refusing Payment of such Costs and Expences, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or any Two or more of them, or the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute to levy such Costs and Expences by Distress and Sale in the same Manner as herein-before directed for recovering the converted Values leviable by this Act,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 1029

XL.IX. Provided always, That the Ditches and Drains which shall be Ditchetand made by Order of the said Trustees, shall be scoured and kept in Re- ^Tluilees* pair out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; and if any Proprie- tu be fcouiei for or Occupier of Land, through which any such Ditches or Drains at public are or shall be made, shall obstruct or fill up any of them, the Person kxpei|Ce* or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay Triple the Expence of Poffi.flora ob-repairing and scouring the lame, to be recovered in Manner herein- the

after mentioned, and the said Proprietor or Occupier shall be deemed ,*5^ the Transgrefior, unless it shall be proved that the Transgression was peaces, committed by some other Person; and where any PafiTage for Cattle or Carriages arrofs any Road, or an Access into any Field for the Convenience of the Occupier of the Ground through which it pafles, shall be made, the Occupiers of such Grounds shall always cover the Drains eroding the Sides of such Road with sufficient Stones, in such Manner as the Course of the Water in the Drains may not be interrupted, or the Road thereby prejudiced: Providing always, That no Occupier of Water car-t Land shall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the said Roads, nor r,ed across conduct any Water across any of the said Roads, for the meliorating of d’

his Fields or other Purposes, until he shall have applied for and obtained thereof, the Eonfentof the said Trustees in their District Meetings; and in that Cafe every such Occupier shall be obliged to carry che Water across the Road in a covered Drain of such Depth and Gonstruction, as that the Water may not prejudice the Road.

L. And be it enacted, That when the Lands on one Side or on both Notice to be Sides of any Part or Parts of any of the said Roads, are not inclosed, ^v^"fofe"ew the Proprietor or Occupier of such Lands shall not from and after upon Sides of the passing of this Act, make InclosuTes along the Sides of the Roads to Road, withouc giving at lead Two Months previous Notice to the Troftees. Trustees for the District where the In do fares are to be made, and if he fails so to do, he shall not be entitled to any Compenfacion for the Expence of the Inclosures, in case the said Trustees shall at any future Time think it necessary to demolish the fame for the Purpose ef widening the Road: Provided always, That the said Notice shall be given to the Trustees by a Notification in Writing, pasted of a Sunday upon the Church Door of the Parish where the Grounds intended to be inclosed lie, and by a Letter directed to the Clerk to the Trustees for the Dif-tricts, who shall lay the fame before the next General or Adjourned Meeting, and the said Meetings are hereby required to inferc a Copy of the said Letter in their Minutes.

LI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall ride or drive any Car- Penalty on riage upon the Paths made or which may be made along the Side of any '"jiring of the said Roads for the Benefit of Foot Passengers, or shall in any Way foot paths, hurt or injure the fame, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner hereinafter directed.

LII. And be it enacted, That where the Ground on the Side of any of Possessbrsta the said Roads is inclosed or planted, the Proprietor or Occupier of such the Ground on each Side shall be obliged to cut the Hedges to the Height sijefof°n of Five Feet from the Level of the Road, and to prune the Trees in a R0id». proper Manner, so as to give sufficient Breadth and Air to such Road;

[Z^r. fc? Per.] 11E and

i03©

Trustees may act as J uf-tices.

Trustees not to hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

Trustees may erect Mile stones, ire.

Penalty on defacing these Stones.

For breaking Parapet Walls of Bridges.

No Annoyances to be laid on the Roads. HeadRidges. Gates.

I

43° GEORGII III? Cap. 56.

and in case they neglect so to do Three Months after being required by an Order of the District Meeting, properly intimated to them, the said District Meeting shall have Power to appoint the lame to be done at tha Defaulter’s Expence.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the Trustees appointed to put this Act in Execution, who are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Kinross, shall and may act nevertheless as Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions for the more effectually putting in Execution the several Authorities and Powers in this present Act mentioned and contained.

LIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed by this Act as a Trustee or Trustees for putting the fame in Execution, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit arising the reout, such Person or Persons shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees from the Time of accepting and during the Time of enjoying such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

LV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may cause any of the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Posts to be erected on the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance at each Mile, or at such Distances as they may judge convenient; and also to order or cause to be erected. Guide-posts upon such Part of the said Roads, where the Roads are crossed or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall break down, destroy, or deface any such Mile-stones or Guide-posts, or shall break down the Cape-stones or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges of the said Roads, or turn any Scream of Water upon any Part of the said Roads, unless a sufficienc covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made as before directed, or be aiding and assisting the rein, or shall refeue or attempt to refeue any Person apprehended for such Offence, every Person offending in any of the Cales aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff Depute of the said County or his Substitute, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, shall, for the First Offence not only be adjudged to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained, but also a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling; and for a Second or any lub-sequent Offence shall, besides paying the Damages and Expences, pay a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Two Pounds Sterling; and in case the said Penalty, Damages, and Expences so adjudged shall not be instantly paid, or sufficient Security given for the fame, the said Sheriff or Justices are hereby empowered and required to commit such Person or Persons so convicted to Prison, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month; or until such Penalty shall be paid.

LVI. And be it enacted, That for preventing Annoyances in the said Roads, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person in ploughing any Field contiguous to any of the said Roads shall always make Head Ridges along the Sides of the Roads, of the Breadth of Eighteen Feet at kaft; and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any

io31

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

of the High Roads shall open inwards to the Field, and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall lay any dead Horse (except in Case of Accidents)* DeadHorfes. or other Carrion, upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides of the Roads, or any Dung, Lime, Soil, or Compost Dung, or Matter whatever, either for manuring Lands, or for any other Purpose, upon any of the said Roads, or within Five Yards of the

Sides (unless within a Fence) of any Parc of the said Roads, under the

Penalty of Ten Shillings Sterling for each Offence, and the said Ding or other Matter, may be removed and sold by an Order in Writing from any Two or more of the said Trustees, they paying the Value thereof after deducting the Penalty and the Expences of removing and felling the same.

LVII. And be it enacted, That if after the passing of this Act any Every Thing

Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn grav7' on ‘]?e

upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or beona"11 any Stone, Iron, Plough, Harrow, or ether Thing whatsoever, other- Wheeled wife than on a Wheeled Carriage, or shall suffer any Tree or other Mat- Carriage, ter whatsoever which can be conveyed on a Wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied as hereinafter directed.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted or Recovery of authorised to be imposed in relation tb any Matter or Thing in this Act Penalties-contained, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not other-Vvife particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offence before Two or tnore Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff-Depute of the said County, or his Substitute, either by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of Two Justices, or of the said Sheriff-Depute, or his Substitute, (which Warrant is hereby authorised and required to be granted, and Oaths administered by the said Justices or Sheriff-Depute, or his Substitute gratis), such Sale being always made by Public Auction to the highest Offerer, at such Places as shall be directed in the said Warrant, within Three Days after such Distress shall have been made; and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale (after the Penalties and Forfeitures are recovered and the Charges thereof deducted), shall be return- How to be ed on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and applied, all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Collectors for the Time being, and shall be laid out and applied in repairing of such of the Roads upon or in respect whereof such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be incurred; and in case sufficient On Failare Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeitures and Penalties shall notofDlftrefs forthwith be paid, or sufficient Security given for the fame, it shall be Recommit'0 lawful for any Two of the said Justices of the Peace, or for the Sheriff-De- mi' pute of the said Shire, or his Substitute, together with One Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to any House of Correction or Common Gaol in the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such

Penalties

I0JJ2

How Parties aggrieved may obtain Redress.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

Penalties or Forfeitures and reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and: satisSed.

LIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall think him or herself aggrieved by any of the Proceedings in the Execution of this Act, for which no particular Method of Relief has been hereby provided, such PerJhn or Perfom may, wnhin Six Months after the Matter complained of (hatll be done (but not afterwards), appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions for the said County, the Person or Persons appealing first giving Fifteen Days previous Notice of such Appeal to the Clerk of the said Trustees, and also to the Clerk of the said Justices of the Peace, and lodging with him at' the Time of the said Appeal, a Recognizance to prosecute the fame, also giving legal Notice thereof to the Defender or Defenders, and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance of such Complaints and Appeals^ and to make such Determination therein as they shall think proper, and such Determination shall be final.

Expence of

LX. And be it enacted, That the Expence attending the passing of this this Act to Act, as the same shall be settled and allowed at a General Meeting of of the Money Trustees for the County, shall be paid by the several Districts out of levied in vir- the first Part of the Monies to be levied within the said Oiftri&s by virtue tue hereof, of this Act, in Proportion to the valued Rent of said Districts.

Limitation of Actions.

LXI. And be it enacted, That all Actions and Complainrs of all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures impoied by this Act, or for any Wrongs don? Injuries suffered in any Manner thereto relative, or in confer quence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury differed, and not afterwards.

[Public Act.]

LXII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom as a Public Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required judicially to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

Commence-

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and ment and take Place, from and after the paQing thereof, and shall remain in Force during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

IM*

Cap. 57.

An Act for repairing, improving, and preserving the Harbour of Dyfart, in the County of Fife.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-Gxth Year of the Reign of His Jate Majesty King George the Second, intituled, »6 Geo. ». An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which Jshall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Dyfart and Liberties thereof and all Places adjacent, lying within Three hundred Tards of the Boundaries of the said Liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving the Harbour of the said Town, which was to take place and have Continuance from and after the First Day of June One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, for and during the Term of Thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

And whereas the said Harbour was greatly injured by the violent Storms which happened in the Course of the last Winter, and the Pier thereof called The East Head is in Danger of falling, unless it be immediately repaired *, and the said Harbour has been found to be dangerous to the Shipping frequenting the fame from the present Direction and Situation of the said Pier called The East Head; and in order to render the fame safe, it is necessary to extend the said Pier farther Westward, and \_Loc. & Per.3 12 F otherwise

43° GEORGII 1IL Cap. 57.

otherwise to improve the said Harbour so as to render the fame safe and commodious: And whereas the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh of Dyfart are unable to repair the Damage which the said Harbour has sustained, or to construct the Works necessary to render the fame safe and commodious, unless the Duty imposed, and the Powers and Authorities granted by the said recited Act, be renewed for a certain Period, and extended over certain Parts of the Barony of Dyfart and certain Villages erected thereon, and unless the Shore Dues now levied upon Vessels coming into the said Harbour, and other Dues payable upon Articles and Commodities exported from and imported into the said Harbour be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by A Duty of the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of July 2«oiaidonS One *housand eight hundred and three, an Imposition or Duty of every Scon Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, (over and an^Kee^16 above the Duty of Excise, paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and brewed, ©v. Successors), shall be granted and laid upon every Scots Pine of Ale and Bug'll of d ^eer ft13!! be either brewed, brought into, tapped, or fold within

fart. Liberties the said Burgh of Dyfart, and Liberties thereof, and all Places adja-ehereof, parts cent thereto, lying within Six hundred Yards of the Boundaries of the adjacent!SeS said Liberties, and also within the Manfton, Orchard, and Rectory, East and Welt Ports, Tiend Barns, Park, Garden, and such Parts of the Barony of Dyfart as are intermixed and connected with the Property of the said Burgh, or within the Villages called Easter and Wester Gallew Town, Park Head of Gallow Town, and Boreland, near and adjacent to the said Burgh, or within One hundred Yards of the present Boundaries of Payable by the the said Villages; and that the said Imposition or Duty shall be paid and Vendor To the Payable by the Brewers for Sale or Vendors, or Sellers of all such Ale and Magistrates Beer to the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh, and their Council*11* Successors in Office for the Time being, who are hereby appointed Trustees who are ap- for putting in Execution all the Powers in and by this Act given and pointed Truf- granted; and the Money to be raised and collected by virtue of this Act pairing the 's hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be collected and received by Harbour. such Person and Persons as the said Trullees, or the major Part of them, shall, from Time to Time, appoint to receive the same, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons in such Manner and Proportions as the To be applied said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time direct, by them for and Qja]j appijetj ancj disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, and to of thi«UAct.e* no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

afr'the"'* And be 'c er)acted, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the

Harbour. said Trullees, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to repair the Damage done to the said Harbour as aforesaid, to extend the said Pier, called The East Head, further West-ward, and to deepen, cleanse, preserve, and maintain the said Harbour, and also to erect and construct all necessary Works within the same, for the Reception and more convenient lading and unlading of Ships and Vessels resorting thereto.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

III. And be it further enacted, That, in place of the Dues at present levied upon VdTels coming into the said Harbour, and upon Articles and Commodities exported from and imported into the said Harbour, there shall be levied and paid the Dues specified and contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed; which Dues are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be collected and received in the same Manner in which the said Imposition or Duty of Two Pennies on the Scots Hint, hereby authorized to be levied, is by this Act directed to be collected and received.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon all Articles and Commodities belonging to Burgesses or Freemen of the said Burgh of Dyfart, reftding within the aforesaid Limits, there shall be paid only One Half of the Dues severally mentioned in the said Schedule.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Articles and Commodities upon the Importation of which into the said Harbour of Dyfart there shall have been severally paid the Dues mentioned in the said Schedule, and which shall be exported in the same State in which they were severally imported, shall not, upon such Exportation, be liable to pay any of the said Dues.

*°35

Additional Shore Duties and other Due* to b« levied.

One Half only of the said Dues to be paid by the resident Burgesses.

Dues paid upon Importation not to be paid upon the fame Article exported.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Magistrates in every and each Year, during the Continuance of this Act, to apply to the Purposes to which the Shore Dues at present payable have been applied, so much of the Dues authorized to be levied by this Act, as upon an Average of the last Three Years shall be found to have been the Amount of the Shore Dues at present payable: Provided always, that the said Shore Dues shall again become payable at the Expiration of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, may and shall make such Rules and Regulations, and give such Directions for railing, collecting, receiving, and disposing of the several Sums of Money arising from the said Imposition or Duty, and Dues hereby authorized to be levied as they shall think proper and necessary for the Ends and Purposes for which the fame is hereby imposed and granted , and shall also by an Act of the Town Council appoint One or more fit Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors of the said Duty and Dues, and also order and direct One or more Officer or Officers, from Time to Time, to gauge the Vessels of the Brewers, and the Worts, Ale, and Beer therein contained; and such Brewers are hereby required to permit and allow the same to be done, as freely, and in such Manner, and at such Times as the Officers of Excise shall, for the Time being, be permitted and allowed to do.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or the major Part of them shall, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, order and direct One or more Book or Books to be provided, wherein shall be fairly entered and kept an Account of all Money which shall be received in pursuance of this Act, and of all Payments and Difiourfements made out of the lame; and of the respective Times when the fame was received, paid, or disbursed, and for what Uses and Purposes such Payments

Trustees to make Order, for the better Collection and Disposal of the Money to be levied.

And to appoint Collectors thereof, He.

Trustees to order Books to be kept of the Receipts and Diflurfe-ments.

io36

Ti uttees may borrow Money, and assign the Duty and Dues as a Security.

Application of the Money burro wed.

Expenc'i of this net to be first paid.

How the Duty and Dues of this Act are to be levied, on Refusal of Payment.

Charge of the Distress not to exceed a Fifth Part of the Sum distrained for.

Besides the Remedy given, all others may be pursued competent by the Law of St9t-land.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

ments or Disbursements were made; and that within Thirty Days after the First Day of July in every Year successively, during the Continuance of this Act, an Account from the said Books shall be fairly drawn out and stated by the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Duty and Dues, for the Time being, and delivered to the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, upon Oath, which Oath the said Trustees, or One of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or the major Pait of them, shall have full Power and Authority by an Act of the Town Council to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, and to convey, allure, and assign over the Duty and Dues hereby granted, as a Security to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money thereon at legal Incercft; and such Sum or Sums of Money so borrowed shall be applied only for and towards such Purposes as the Duty and Dues arising by virtue of this Act are hereby directed to be applied.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, out of the Money to be collected, raised, or borrowed as aforesaid, the Expences of procuring this Act shall in the First Place be paid and discharged.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, liable to and chargeable with the Payment of the Duty and Dues by this Act granted, or either or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame when demanded, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of the Magistrates of the said Burgh, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to summon such Person or Persons before him or them, on a certain Day to be specified in such Warrant; and in case such Person or Persons shall not appear, or shall appear and not pay the said Duty or Dues, the Magistrate or Magistrates, issuing such Warrant, is and are hereby empowered to make an Order for the Payment thereof; and if such Person or Persons shall not pay the fame within Three Days after Notice of such Order, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Col-leftors of the said Duty or Dues, by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of One or more of the Magistrates of the said Burgh, to take and distrain any of the Goods and Effects of the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Duty or Dues; and in case the same shall not be paid within Ten Days after any Distress shall be taken as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors of the said Duty or Dues to fell the Goods so distrained, and therewith to satisfy the Duty or Dues so refused, neglected, or delayed so to be paid, as also his or their reasonable Charges in taking and keeping such Distress, not exceeding a Fifth Part of the Sum distrained for, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners thereof on Demand.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, besides the Remedy given by this Act for levying, recovering, and making effectual the Duty and Dues by this Act granted, the said Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Dyfart, and their Collector and Collectors, shall, from and after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and during the

Continuance

I0J7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

Continuance of this Act, be entitled to use all other Methods, Remedies, and Execution against the Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Duty and Dues, which are competent by the Law of Scotland to the Magistrates and Town Council of Royal Burghs, and their Collector or Collectors, for recovering the ordinary Revenues of such Burghs.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Distress which shall be taken by the Authority of this Act, shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, incumber, or render ineffectual the Duty of Excise payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors nor shall this Act, or any Thing herein contained, extend or be construed to extend, to charge any Wort, Ale, or Beer with the Payment of the Duty hereby granted, if it shall appear that the said Duty hath been Once paid for such Wort, Ale, or Beer.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time during the Continuance of this Act any Ale or Beer shall be brought in, vended, tapped, or fold within the said Burgh or Place, or Parts or Villages adjacent thereto aforesaid, not having first paid the Duty hereby laid and made payable, such Ale or Beer, with the Cask wherein it is contained, shall be confif-cated for the Use of the Burgh.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Brewers or Brewer, liable in Payment of the Duty aforesaid, shall be entitled to a Drawback thereof for all Ale and Beer which shall by them, or any of them, be fold and sent without the Limits of the Parish of Dyfart, the Quantity or Quantities to be ascertained by an Account or Accounts to be made out from the Books of such Brewer or Brewers, which shall be authenticated by his or their Oath or Oaths reflectively; and the said Magistrates, or the Person or Persons authorized to collect the said Duty shall b?, and they are hereby empowered, at their or his Option, to inspect the Sale Books of all and every such Brewers or Brewer, and to compare the Account rendered by each Brewer with his actual Sales during the Period therein dated: Provided always, that every Brewer claiming the said Drawback, who shall be convicted of keeping false Books, or rendering an untrue Account of the Quantity so fold, shall be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds Sterling.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Extent or Quantity cf Worts, Ale, or Beer brewed, and charged with the said Duty hereby granted, shall be ascertained by the Voucher or Vouchers made by the Officers of Excise for the Time being (conformable to which the Duties of Excise are payable), which Voucher or Vouchers shall be the Rule for determining any such Difference; and the Collector or Officer of the Excise for the Time being, is hereby required to deliver an authentick Copy or Copies of the said Voucher or Vouchers gratis, Once in every Six Weeks, or oftener if required, tofomeof the said Trustees, or to the Collector or Collectors of the Duty hereby granted, to be used for that Purpose.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, conceal or embezzle any Worr, Ale, or Beer,

\_Loc. CS5 Per.] 12 G subject

Not to prejudice the King’s Duty of Excise.

Duty to be paid but Onee for the fame Beer.

Beer, etc. brought into the Town, etc. nor having paid the Duty to be confif-cated.

Drawback to

be allowed on Ale and Beer sold and fenC without the Parish.

Duty to be ascertained by the Vouchers of the King’s Officers of Excifi.

And a Copy of the said Vouchers to be delivered to the Trustees or their Collectors for that Purpose.

Penalty of concealing or embezzling Betr, etr. liable to pay Duty.

1038

Trustee»,with Content of the Overseer, inly farm the Duty and Duet.

Publick Afl*

Endurance of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

subject artd liable to the Duty by this Act granted and made payable, in order to avoid the Payment of such Duty, the Magistrates of the said Burgh of Dyfart for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, shall upon the Information of any Person or Persons, summon such Offender or Offenders before them, and the Party offending shall upon Conviction forfeit the Value of what shall be so concealed or embezzled, and the Sum of Ten Pounds Scots for the Expences of the Court, for which Distress conformable to the Law is hereby allowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, with the Consent of the Overseers herein-after named, or the major Part of them, to farm and let out the Duty and Dues hereby granted, or either or any of them, by Way of publick Roup, for such Term or Terms, and upon such Conditions, as they shall from Time to Time think fit, for the best Price and Prices that can be got for the fame, and the Money arising the reby, shall be applied and laid out to and for the Purposes of this Act, and to and for no other Use and Purpose whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Duty and Dues hereby granted and made payable, and also all other the Powers and Authorities hereby given, shall take Place and have Continuance only from and after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, for and during the Term of Twentyone Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

C " Mi 7000 i jrjlT Lis

- i ! 135 /. A

I" ri7 A

Vs* fa k'1* .>*14! V

SCHEDULE

13° GEORGII III. Cap. 57. 1039

' ‘

3 ,v: , .

SCHEDULE of DUES to be levied by virtue of this Act.

:.o /.;

I ft. Upon VESSELS and BOATS.

For all British Vessels per Register Ton For all Vessels belonging to Burgesses For all Foreign Ships or Vessels per Register Ton For every Draught Boat, Fish Boat, or Yaul with Fishfor Sale -

N.B. Any Vessel coming into the Harbour, in order to stop a Tide, to pay per Register Ton

Sterling. jr. t. d.

001 0

002

002

o o or<.

2nd. Upon GOODS IMPORTED or EXPORTED.

For Wine, Vinegar, and Spirits per Ton of 20 Cwt.

For Ale, Beer, or Porter per Hogshead For Cheese per Ton -

For Sugar, Molasses, Raisins, and other such Articles per Cwt. -

For Tea per Box -

For Meal per Chalder -

For Flour per Boll -

For Barley, Malt, Pease, Wheat, or other Grain per Chalder -

For Pot Barley per Cwt.

For Hops per Pack -

For Hops per Bag -

For Lemons and Oranges per Chest - For Apples and Onions and other such Articles per Barrel For Potatoes or other Roots per Boll For Salt Beef per Ton of 20 Cwt.

For Salmon per ditto -

0 2 8

0 O 6 A

0 I 6

0 O 1

0 O 1

0 O 10A

0 O °Ai

0 O 10A

0 O °A

0 O 2

0 O 3

0 O 1

0 O 1

0 O oA

0 I 9-nr

0 r 9-rr

For

1040

43° GEORGII III. Cap. sj.

For Salt Herrings, Cod, or other wet Fish per Barrel of 32 Gallons - For Frefli Herrings per Crane -

For all drv Fish, great or small, Two for every 120, or Six Score, or the Value thereof in Money, in the Option of the Shore Matter or Collector of the Shore Dues.

For Butter salted per Cwt. of 112 lbs. -

For Oilier Ton of 252 Gallons

For Tallow per Ton of 20 Cwt.

For Soap per Cwt. of 112 lbs. -

For Candles per ditto -

For Great Saltier Hundred Bushels

For Small Salt in Barrels per Last -

For Ditto in Bulk per Hundred Bushels For Flax and Hemp per Ton of 20 Cwt.

For Cotton Wool per Ton -

For Wool per Pack -

For Pot, Peat], and other Allies per Cwt. of 112 lbs.

For Indigo and other Materials for dying per Cwt. of 112 lbs. For Yarn per Hundred Spindles -

For Ticks, Checks, Linen, Cotton, or other Cloth (Sail Cloth excepted), in Bales or Boxes per Barrel Bulk of 5 Feet .... For Canvas or Sail Cloth per Bolt of 40 Yards For Rags per Ton

For Hards or Tow per Cwt. of 112 lbs.

For Iron Stone per Ton.

For Lime Stone per Ton -

For Lime Shells per Chalder of 16 Bolls For Slack Lime per Chalder.

For Free Stone per Ton - a

For Pipe or other Clay or Flint per Ton For Old Iron in Bulk per Thousand Weight or Hogshead For New Iron of every Description per Ton For Cast Metal per Ton -

For Old Cast Metal and Pig Iron per Ton For Nails per Ton a

For Pewter or Lead per Ton For Anchors per Ton.

For Oak Timber and Oak Plank, or other hard Wood (Inland Timber excepted) per One hundred cubical Feet -

For Inland Timber per ditto For Fir Logs and Plank per. ditto For Trindles per Thousand For Lath Wood and Clap Wood per Fathom of Six Feet

Sterling.

£ X. d.

0 0 I

0 0 oA

0 0 1

0 I 9-A

0 i 9A

0 O 1

0 O °A

0 2 0

0 O 6

0 I 0

0 1 9A

0 1 4

0 O 4

0 0 1

0 O 1

0 0 2

0 0 1A

0 0 1

0 I 4

0 0

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 I 4

0 I 0

0 0 10.

0 I 6

0 I 6

0 I 6

0 2 3

0 I 6

0 I 6

0 O 9

0 I 6

For

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

For Mahogany, Wainscot, Lignumvitc, Logwood, and other Dye Wood per One hundred Cubical Feet For Wooden Hoops of 1500, allowing izotothe Hundred For all other Timber, such as Boards, Deals, Trees, Double and Single Spars, Knapple Girths, Slings, Pipe and Barrel Staves, Oars, Handspikes, Harrow Bills, and all other such Articles, Two for every 120, or Six Score, or the Value thereof in Money, in the Option of the Shore Mailer or Collector of the Shore Dues.

For Vitriol per Bottle -

For Turpentine per Cwr. of 112 lbs.

For Pitch and Tar per Last of 12 Barrels, each Barrel containing about 31^ Gallons For Cordage per Ton -

For Lintseed per Hogshead.

For Clover Seed per Ton -

For Rye Grass per Pack -

For Tanned or other Leather per Pack of SixCwt.

For Hides per Daiker, Ten to the Daiker For Calf, Sheep, Lambs, or other Skins per 12 Dozen For Bark per Double Chalder -

For Tobacco per Cwt. of 112 lbs. - For Botsles per Gross -

For Broken ditto per Calk, large -

For Window Glals/w Chest or Crate For Earthen Ware per Crate or Hamper of a Barrel Bulk For Stone Ware of all kinds, Two for every 120, or Six Score, or the Value thereof in Money, in the Option of the Shore Mailer or Collector of the Shore Dues.

For Blue and Grey Slate, Tile and Brick, Two for every 120, or Six Score, or the Value thereof in Money, in the Option of the Shore Mailer or Collector of the Shore Dues.

For Household Furniture per Cart Load, Single For Household Furniture per Cart Load, Double For Cork per Ton -

For Horses and Black Cattle to be paid for each For Sheep and Hogs per Score, or Twenty For all Goods and Wares not before enumerated, to be paid per Barrel Bulk.

For each Dozen Loans of Coals, including the Sum usually allowed under the Title ot Scoring Money, being an Allowance to the Shore Mailer for his Trouble in keeping the Account \Loc. Cs* Per.] 12 H

Sterling. £ s. d.

036 o 1 ©

° ° 001

° 9-rc

Ol6

003 Ol6 OOI 0 0 4

0 o a 005 008

001

002 002

004

o o o,%

004 008 014

OOI

005

OOI

004

For

IO4I

t

1042

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

Sterling. £ ' d.

For each Dozen Load of Culm or Small Coal 003

For all Goods imported or exported in greater or smaller Quantities than before mentioned, to pay in Proportion.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahanj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cf

Cap. 58.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the Jufices of the Peace, acting for the TVefern Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Divifon towards the fame, as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division; and for the better Regulation and Payment of the publick Expences of the said County.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame, the Justices acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent were I'Loc. ft? Per.3 iz I enabled

g Geo.

I 046

9 Geo. 1. repealed.

How Expences of County to be paid.

A General Sessions of the whole County to be holden.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

enabled to build a Gaol: And whereas the said Gaol was built in pursuance of the said Act, and ever since the Building thereof the Expences of repairing the fame have been discharged by Sums of Money raised within the said Western Division only, according to the Directions of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division should be repealed, and that One General Rate should be made for the Whole of the said County, and that all publick Charges and Expences of the said County should be paid in the Proportions hereafter mentioned; and that a General Sessions of the Peace for the said County should be holden for the Purpose of examining, passing, and allowing the Accounts of the Treasurers of the Two Divisions of the said County: May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, so much of the said Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Alii to enable the Justices of the Peace, opting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to punchafe a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the fame, as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed and made void, save and except as to all Charges and Expences respecting the repairing of the Gaol built in pursuance of the said Act, which shall have been incurred on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, all Charges, Burthens, and Expences whatsoever, arising within the said County of Kent, to which a County Rate is or may be applicable, shall be borne and paid by a General County Rate for the said County, in the Proportions following; (that is to say). One-fourth Part of such Charges, Burthens, and Expences, shall be borne and paid by the Eastern Division of the said County, and the other Three-fourth Parts thereof shall be borne and paid by the Western Division of the said County.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the said County, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and directed to hold a General Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Kent, on Tuesday in Whitsun Week in each and every Year, after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, for the Purpose ,of examining, passing, and allowing the several Accounts of the respective Treasurers of the said Two Divisions of the said County, and such Sessions shall always commence and be originally holden at Sittingbourn, in the said County of Kent, but the fame may from Time to Time be adjourned, as Occasion may require, to Sittingbourn aforesaid; and the Justices present at any such General Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall have full Power

IO+7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

and Authority, and they are hereby directed to enquire into and examine, pass, and allow the said Accounts of the said Treasurers; and the said Accounts shall be examined, passed, and allowed, solely and exclusively at the said General Sessions, or some Adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, if at any Time or Times it shall if no Ad-happen that the said General Sessions of the Peace herein-before authorized and directed to be holden shall not have been adjourned to any call a Meet-subsequent Time, or shall have been adjourned for more than Thirty Days '"£ then to come, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby authorized, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint any Time for the holding of a General Sessions of the Peace for the said County at Sittingbourn aforesaid, and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall cause Notice to be given of the Time of holding such General Sessions, by such publick Advertisement as the said Justices shall direct, Fourteen Days at least before the Time so appointed for holding the said General Sessions, and such General Sessions shall be holden at the Time specified in such Notice accordingly, and the said Justices at such adjourned General Sessions shall have as full and ample Powers and Authorities as if such General Sessions had, at the last preceding General Sessions, been adjourned to the Time specified in such Notice as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from County Rates and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hun- ourfuancoVf" dred and three, every Rate or Assessment for railing such Sum and Sums i» Geo. i, of Money within the said County of Kent, as shall be sufficient to answer

the Ends and Purposes mentioned and contained in an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy assessing, collecting, and levying of County Rates, shall be made for the Whole of the said County; and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by such General Rates or Assessments rated or assessed upon the several Towns,

Parishes, Precincts, Vills, Hamlets, and Places, situate within the Western Division of the said County, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Western Division; and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by such General Rates or Assessments rated or assessed upon the several Towns, Parishes, Precincts, Vills, Hamlets, and Places, situate within the Eastern Division of the said County, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Eastern Division; and in every Order which, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be made for the raising of any General County Rate within the said County, it shall be mentioned and expressed that the said Sums shall be paid to the ref'pedive Treasurers as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Treasurer for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden originally or by Adjournment at the Old the Eaitem Cajile, near the City of Canterbury, or any other Place within the Eastern Division of the said County, or the greater Part of them then and there rity. assembled, to nominate and appoint One or more proper Person or Persons to be the Treasurer or Treasurers of that Part of the County Rate which shall be raised within the said Eastern Division as aforesaid, and the

1048

Treasurer to be appointed for the Westrrn Division.

CMU and Expences incident to the passing this Act.

[Publick Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

the Person or Persons so nominated or appointed, shall give Security for the due Execution of the Trust reposed in him or them, as directed by the said AQ. passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace holden originally or by Adjournment at Maidstone, or any other Place within the Western Division of the said County, or the greater Part of them then and there affetnbled, to nominate and appoint One or more proper Person or Persons to be the Treasurer or Treasurers of that Part of the County Rate which shall be raised within the said Western Division as aforesaid, and the Person or Persons so nominated or appointed, shall give Security for the due Execution of the Trusts reposed in him or them as directed by the said Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Expences incident to the foliating, obtaining, and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of the Money to be raised by the Rates hereby directed to be made for the said County, in such Proportions as the Charges and Expences of the said County are herein-before directed to be borne and paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially tiken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being Specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 59.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and improving the Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Wor things in the County of Sussex; for removing and preventing Annoyances and Obstructions therein; and for establishing an effective Police in the said Town.

[11th June 1803.]

WHEREAS the several publick Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, already made and built, and which are now making and building within the Hamlet of Worthing, in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, are in many Parts incommodious and unsafe for Passengers; are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched; are very narrow and inconvenient, and are subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions: And whereas other Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, may be made or built within the same Hamlet, which may be subjectt or liable to the fame or fimiJar Inconveniences, and it would tend greatly to the Convenience, Benefit, and Safety of the Publick, as well of the Owners and Inhabitants [Lee. Ss* Per.'} 12 K of

io5°

CommilTinn-ers appointed.

Bound.irieiof the Town of Worthing

described.

Commencement of the A3.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

of Houses already built or building, and of such other Houses as may hereafter be built therein, and to all Persons referring thereto, if fjch Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and if all Nuitances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, were removed or prevented, 2nd if a proper and effective Police were established in the said Hamlet; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of fame. That John Mins, Sir Cecil Bifshopp Baroner, Sir Charles Meyrick Burrell Baronet, Walter Burrell, Edward Barker, Cecil Bifshopp, Thomas Bushby, Robert Bushby, Thomas Burden, John Crofts, Ambrose Cartwright, Charles Carter, Richard Cooke, John Copping, George Dead man, John Fuller, Robert Hurst, Thomas Henty, John Hide, John Hickox, Edwa d Hide, Thomas Hogsfiejh, William Holcombe, James Heather, John Joanes, James Martin Lloyd, John Lyall, Henry Lane, Charles Lennox, Richard Lindupp, Henry Lindupp, William Margeffon, Michael Mar rah, John Markwick, John Markwick junior, Edward Moore, John Newland, John New/and junior, George Newland, Richard Newland of Torti'gton, Richerd Newland of Broadwater, Edward Ogle, James Ogle, William Olliver, George Porter, William Stephen Poyntz., John Penfold, james Penfold, Edward Penfold, Richard Penfold, Henry Phillips, Richard Palmer, John Rice, Thomas Richardson, William Westbrook Richarajon, John Milward Rogers, Andrew Renckert, William Stafford, Thomas mish, John Snelling, Richard Stubbs, Edward Stanford, ByJ'she Shelley, Timothy Shelley, Miles Stringer, John Tidey, David Thomas, Charles Viner, Peter Wood Clerk, William Wicks, John Whitmore, and Harry Winton, (being respectively qualified as herein-after mentioned, and taking the Oath herein-after required) shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Hamlet of Worthing shall henceforth be, and be called and described the Town of Worthing; and the said Commissioners shall and may erect Bound Stones or Potts for the better ascertaining and preserving the Limits of the said Town, in case they shall judge the fame necessary, and the Expence thereof shall be defrayed out of the publick Rates herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that the said Town shall nevertheltl's continue to be Part of the said Parish of Broadwater, and to be subject to and charged with all Rates, Taxes, Tytnes, and other Payments whatsoever, as Part of the said Parfth, in like Manner as before the making and passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect upon the First Monday after the passing thereof, on which Day a General Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be had at the House of Edmund Blann, in Worthing aforesaid, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, for carrying this Act into Execution, and such Meeting shall consist of Seven at the least of the said Commissioners; and a General Meeting of the Commissioners shall be held for carrying the fame into Execution on every Monday afterwards, at the fame Hour and Place, unkfs fomc other Hour, Day or Days in the Week or Year, or

some

io5x

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

some other Place in Worthing aforesaid, shall be appointed by the Corr-missioners assembled at the said First Meeting, or any subsequent Meeting at which there shall he Seven Commissioners assembled; and it at the Time when the said Meetings are hereby required, or shall be (o as aforesaid appointed to be held, there shall not be at each such Meeting Seven Commissioners present, then eich such Meeting shall (land adjourned to the next Day on which a Meeting in pursuance of th:s Act would otherwise be held, or shall at a prior Meeting have been appointed to be held as aforesaid; and no Ad, Order, Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding of the Commissioners shall be valid or effectual unless had, made, or done at a Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act; and that all the Poweis and Authorities by this Act granted to or veftid in the said Commissioners shall and may, from Time to Time, be exercised by the major Part of the Commissioners present at any Meeting to be hotden by virtue of this Act, the Number of Comm fiioners present ac such Meeting not being less than Seven except any other Number is herein particularly mentioned; and that at such First Meeting for putting this Act in Execution, One of the Commissioners present thereat shall be appointed Chairman, to whom any One other of such Commissioners shall and is hereby authorized and required to administer the Oath herein-after mentioned, and such Chairman shall immediately afterwards administer the like Oath to the other Commissioners then present; and at every other Meeting a Chairman shall in like Manner be appointed, and the Chairman for the Time being shall and is hereby alone authorized and required to administer the Oath hereby required to be taken by the said Commissioners and their Successors; and in all Cases where there shall arise a Difference of Opinion, the Question shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Commissioners then present, and if upon any Question there shall be an equal Number of Votes (including the Chairman’s Vote) then the Chairman shall have another or calling Vote; and that no Order, Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding, had, made, or done at any Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, at which there shall have been Seven Commissioners present, shall be revoked, suspended, or altered, unless at some subsequent Special Meeting to be held for that Purpose (which any Nine or more of the Commissioners are hereby empowered to call, and of which Meeting at lead Ten Days previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose shall be given to or left at the respective Places of Abode of the Commissioners having a Residence in Worthing, or within Three Miles thereof) a greater Number of Commissioners than were present at the Meeting or Meetings at which such Order, Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding propefed or intended to be revoked, suspended, or altered, shall have been made, shall be present, and shall concur in the Revocation, Sufptnsion, or Alteration thereof, and in such Case no other Meeting for the Execution of this Act shall be held until after the Day expressed in such Notice; and at every Meeting the Commissioners present thereat shall pay their own Expences.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if there be Provisions for any particular Occasion to hold a Meeting before the Time at which any gp1^® Meet. Meeting is hereby required, or shall be so as aforesaid appointed to be ing of the held, men and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Clerk for the Time being, and they or he are and is hereby required to call a Special Meeting, of which Ten Days previous Notice

shall

1052

Qualification of Commissioners.

Commissioners Oath.

Penalty on Persons not qualified acting as Com-Kiiliuners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $9;

shall be given in the same Manner as is herein-before mentioned in the Cafe and for the Purpose of calling a Meeting to revoke, suspend, oi alter a tormer Order, Kule, or Proceeding, anu in like Manner no Meeting for the Execution of this Act shall be held until after the Day expressed in the Notice for such Special Meeting.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in any Case in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall hold or enjoy any Office or Place of Profit under or be concerned directly or indirectly in any Contract made by virtue of this Act, or in any Case wherein he shall be in any wise personally or beneficially interested in the Matter in question (except as a Creditor on the Rates or Assessments herein-after requited to be levied), nor unless such Commissioner shall in his own Right, or in the Right of his then late or present Wife, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for an Estate of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, of the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds (above Reprizes or Incumbrances), or shall be a Tenant or Occupier of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, situate in Worthing aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds, or shall be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds, over and above the Amount of his Debts; and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, except in administering the following Oath to the Chairman of such First Meeting as aforesaid, and in choosing such Chairman, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form following; (that is to lay),

I A.B. do swear, That I am really and bond fide in my own Right,

‘ [or, in Right of my Wife], now in the actual Possession or Receipt

of the Rents and Profits of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hcndi-

taments for an Estate of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, or for ‘ Years determinable on a Life or Lives, of the clear yearly Value of

Twenty Pounds, above Reprizes and Incumbrances, or am Tenant or

Occupier of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, situate in the Town of

Worthing, in the County of Sussex, of the yearly Value of Thirty

Pounds, or am possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the f Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds, over and above the Amount ‘ of my Debts; and that I will truly and impartially, according to the 1 best of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform all the Powers,

‘ Authorities, and Trulls reposed in me as a Commissioner, by virtue ‘ of an Actpafied in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George

the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of the Afl.']

So help me GOD.’

And if any Person not qualified, or being disqualified to act as a Conv missioner, shall nevertheless presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Oifence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted, shall prove that he was at the Time of acting qualified as afore-

1053

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $ g.

said, or other wise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for such of the Commissioners who are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, to act as Justices of the Peace in or relating to the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners under this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Commissioners shall die, or by Writing delivered to the Clerk for the Time being to the Commissioners, shall decline to act, or shall become incapable to act, it shall be lawful for the other Commissioners, and they are hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to elect some other Person qualified as herein-before mentioned, to be a Commissioner in the Place of every Commissioner so dying, declining, or becoming incapable to act; but Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election of new Commissioners shall be given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by affixing the fame in Writing on Three publick Places in Worthing aforesaid, and so often as there shall be a Vacancy to elect some fit Person to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act; and every Person so elected is hereby vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been named a Commissioner in or by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners under this Act for the Time being shall at any Time, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, neglect or refuse upon any Vacancy to nominate and appoint a new Commissioner, or if the Number of Commissioners shall be reduced, to less than Twenty, then and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, or for any other Person or Persons residing within the Town of Worthing aforesaid, from Time to Time, to make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace assembled at any General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Sussex, and it shall be lawful for the Justices to whom such Complaint shall be made, and they are hereby authorized and required to receive and hear the said Complaint, and upon due Proof being made to them of the Matter complained of, to nominate and appoint such Persons as they in their Discretion shall think fit, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and so often as there shall be Occasion; and the Commissioners so to be appointed, are hereby vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act into Execution, as if they had been respectively made Commissioners in or by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Commissioners, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized to examine any Person or Persons on Oath, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners and Justices, and they are hereby rtquired and empowered to administer such Oath.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, at their First Meeting,

[Z-ec. Prr.J i z L and

Co mm if- sioners who are Justices may act as such.

Appointment of new Commissioners.

In Cale the Number of Commissioners be reduced tO 20f the Quarter S -/lions may ppoint a sufi-ficient Number.

Power of ud*

mi itftering

Oaths, etc.

For appointing Officers.

1054-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

and at any subsequent Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and also Two or more Assessfors, and a Collector or Collectors of the Rates or Assessments to be raised and

levied, and of the other several Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, and by whom such Rates, Assessments, and Monies shall from Time to Time be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being, or other Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose, in the Manner herein-after mentioned; and also all Surveyors, Scavengers, Rakers, Cleanfers, and Lighters of Lamps, Beadles, Criers, Watchmen, and such other Officer or Officers, Deputies and Assistants, for the Execution of this Act, as they shall from Time to Time think proper, and from Time to Time to remove, suspend, or displace all or any of such Officers as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in the Place of such of them as shall be so removed, suspended, or displaced, or shall die, or resign their Offices; and also, from Time to Time, by and out of the Monies to be raised

or received by virtue of this Act, to pay such Wages or Salaries, and

make such Allowances to Officers, and all other Persons by them the Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall Commission- think reaionabie or proper; and the Commissioners shall and are hereby Secunt'alfrom re<lu'red to ta^e such Security from every such Treasurer, Clerk, Col-officeis, etc. lector, and other Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the due Execution of their respective Offices or Duties, as the Commissioners shall think proper; and every Person who is hereby made liable to pay the Rates or Alfdfrhents hereby directed and required to be levied and raised, or to pay any Sum of Money which is under this Act to be applied for the Purposes thereof, shall, and they are hereby required to pay the same to such Collector or other Persons who shall be so appointed to collect and receive the same in pursuance of this Act, which Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons shall not at any Time retain in his or their Hands more than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Commissioners any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings per Day for every Ten Pounds collected and retained beyond the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and so after the fame Rate for every less Sum than the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such Officer and Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall under his Hand, upon Demand, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the Commissioners shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all Monies, Matters, and Things received and committed to their Charge by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much of such Monies hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and also the Books, Papers, and Writings, in their respective Custody or Power, relating to the Proceedings to be had under this Act, and shall pay all such Monies as shall appear upon Balance of their Accounts to the Treasurer appointed by the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the Commissioners shall appoint, and every such Officer and Person so accounting as aforesaid shall, upon Oath, verify their said Accounts; and in Default of any of the several Matters aforesaid, for the Space of Eight Days after being the reunto required as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought an Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster against

1055

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons making such Default as aforesaid, for Recovery of the Monies which shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, with full Costs of Suit; or if Complaint shall be made by the Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to make Complaint of any such Default as aforesaid to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Party making such Default shall be and reside, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so making or having made Default, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing (or not appearing, except for some special Cause to be allowed of by such Justice as a sufficient Excuse), to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, or unaccounted for, then such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Payment thereof, and upon Non-payment thereof, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively offending or making Default as aforesaid; and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, and the other Expences attending the requiring or compelling such Payment as aforesaid, or in case of Refusal to account as aforesaid, or that it shall appear to such Justice by the Confession of the Party so offending or making Default as aforesaid, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath as aforesaid, that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the Proceedings to be had under the fame, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he shall refuse to deliver up the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where such Offender shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the Commissioners, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, or until such Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress shall be committed for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months.

XI. Provided always, That as often as any Collector or Receiver of Commis-the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall die, or be incapable, or neglect to perform his Duty, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, cals, ttc. or any Seven or more of them, though not assembled at a Meeting pursuant to this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to collect the fame, who shall give such Security for the due Execution of his Office during his Continuance therein, as the Commissioners shall think proper, until the Commissioners shall at a Meeting to be

holden

ioS6 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

holden in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Collector or Receiver of such Monies, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be em-!?ny F7e or"'S ployed as Treasurer, Clerk, Assessor, Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, or Kswar.i be- any other Officer or Servant, who shall be any wife employed by the Cotn-Ury!the r Sa niissioners in putting this Act, or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, (except a Crier, who may receive such Reward as the Commissioners shall order), shall exact, take, or accept any Fee, Profit, or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the Commissioners, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relating to putting the fame in Execution, or shall any wife be directly or indirectly concerned or interested in any Sale, Purchase, Bargain, or Contract made or to be made by or by the Order of the Commissioners for the Purpose of putting this Act in Execution, unless with their Consent or Approbation, every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed in any Matter under this Act, and shall, over and above, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, with lull Costs of Suit, in which Suit or Prosecution no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

Books to be

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners shall cause ke;it °t Pro- proper Books to be provided and kept, in which they shall, either by ' themselves or by their Clerk for the Time being, cause fair and regular

Entries and Accounts to be made of the several Meetings held in pursuance of this Act, and of the Commissioners present thereat respectively, and of the Nomination of all Officers and Persons to act in the Execution thereof, and of all Acts, Orders, Rules, Resolutions, Proceedings, Matters, and Things relative to the Execution of this Act, and also an Account of all Monies to be assessed or raised, and to be received or payable by virtue hereof, and of the Payment and Application of the fame, and of all Contrafts to be made by any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, all which said Accounts shall be examined, ad-julted, and settled by the Commissioners assembled at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, Half-yearly at leaf!, or oftener; and the Commissioners so examining, adjusting, or settling such Accounts, and also their Clerk for the Time being, shall subscribe their Names to the fame; and the Chairman of such Commissioners assembled as aforesaid, and their said Clerk, by their Order, shall also subscribe their Names at the End of their Proceedings at every such Meeting; and all Entries in their Books of such Proceedings, being signed by the Commissioners assembled thereat, and making or ordering the fame in virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and by their Clerk, shall be deemed Originals, and the fame, or true and attested Copies thereof, shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in any Court whatsoever in all causes, Suits, or Actions, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, touching any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, and such Books shall be kept by the Clerk for the Time

being

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59. 105?

being to the Commissioners, or by such other Person or Persons, and at such Place as the Commissioners shall direct; and the same shall respectively at all convenient and seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward, be open and liable to the inspection of the Commissioners, and of all Persons rated or assessed for the Purposes of this Act, or otherwise affected thereby.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners shall and Actions to fee may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that all Actions or Suits that it may be necessary to Treasurer. bring for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable in virtue'of this Act, or for or in respect of any other Matter or Thing relating to this Act, shall be brought in the Name of their said Clerk or Treasurer; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted by or against such Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue or on Account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension, or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by any Ad or Default of such Clerk or Treasurer done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the Commissioners for the Time being; but the Clerk or Treasurer to the Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, (as the Case may be): Provided always, that every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and shall not be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the fame, or any Part of them, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or unless it shall have been brought, or commenced, or defended without the Order or Direction of the Commissioners.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to street* to be and for the said Commissioners, and they shall have full Power and Au- Pavedi thority, from Time to Time, and at all Times when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause, order, and direct the publick Streets, Lanes,

Ways, Panages, and Places now being or hereafter to be made in the said ^Town, or any Part or Parts of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, as well those used by Carriages as those used by Foot Patfengers, to be paved, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and the Person or Persons authorized or directed by them to do the fame, shall have full Power and Authority to do the fame accordingly: Provided nevertheless, and the said Commissioners are hereby directed to pave, repair, raise, lower, or alter a certain Street or Road in the Lid Town, from the North J>ide of a Garden there, in the Occupation of Charles Carter, to the South End of the Messuage there, in the Occupation of Thomas Hogsflejh, called the Sea House Hotel, before any other Part or Parts of such Streets, Lanes, Ways,

Passages, or Places.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as any of the Surveyors of Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places within the said Town, which to'c^friblue* are now repairable by the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish to the Repair of Broadwater, shall be repaired and amended by the said Commissioners, ce,tam

ILtt.VPer.] 12 M the

1058

Cross Lane to be deemed a publick. Highway.

New Streets to be i epaired solely by the Commissioners.

Property of all Material* vested in the Commission-tn.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

the said Surveyors shall yearly and every Year thereafter so long as the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places shall be kept repaired and amended by the said Commissioners, pay or cause to be paid to the said Commissioners a proportionable Part, according to the respective Lengths of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, and of the other Parts of the Highways in the said Parish, of the Highway Rate annually raised in the said Parish; and that if the Surveyors of the said Parish and the said Commissioners shall not agree as to such proportionable Part so to be paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or by the said Surveyors, to adjudge and determine what Pait or Proportion of the Highway Rate of the said Parish of Broadwater shall be paid to the said Commissioners for or on account of their so repairing and amending the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places; anu the said Surveyors for the Time being are hereby ordered and directed to pay to the said Commissioners or their Treasurer for the Time being such bum or Sums of Money as the said Justices shall so direct to be paid as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Street or Lane within the said Town of Worthing called Cross Lane shall be and be considered and deemed to be a publick Highway.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as well the said Lane called Cross Lane, as all and every the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, which shall hereafter become publick under or by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter be paved, repaired, raised, lowered, altered, and lighted, by, from, and out of the Rates or Assessments to be raised by virtue of this Act and not otherwise.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of all the present and future Pavements, and all Lamps and Lamp Irons, Ports, and other Things thereto belonging, in all or any of the said Streets, Squares, Courts, Roads, Lanes, Rows, Ways, Alleys, Passages, and Places, in the said Town of IP or thing, which shall or may be erected and fixed by virtue of this Act, and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things to be purchased, gotten, or provided for the Purposes of this Act, and of all the Filth or Soil of and in the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places to be paved, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, and of all Ceffpools, Bunnies, Watercourles, and Sewers, now made or hereafter to be made in the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, and of all the Ashes, Cinders, and Rubbish to be taken and carried away from all and every the Houses in the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, shall belong to and be the Property of, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer, or order and direct the preferring any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case shall require) against any Person or Persons who shall break up, spoil, damage, injure, destroy, steal, take, or carry away the fame, or any Part thereof, or dirturb them in the Possession

thereof.

io59

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

thereof, and from Time to Tifne to sell and dispose of for the Purposes of this Act all or any Part thereof respectively, in such Manner as they shall think proper.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Paid Power to pro-Commissioners, and they are her<-by authorized and empowered, from vlde ^"'P8* Time to Time, to cause Lamp Irons or Lamp Pods to be put up or

affixed into, upon, or against the Ground adjoining to, or the Walls or Pallisadoes of any of the Houses, Tenements, or Buildings already built or hereafrcr to be built within such Part of the Town of Worthing aforesaid, as they the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper and convenient; and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and fixed, or put upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Polls, and to cause the fame, when lo provided and fixed to be altered, taken down, or removed, as they shall from Time to Time think proper, for well and effectually lighting the said Town of Worthing; and also to cause such Lamps to be lighted at such Time or Times, and to be kept lighted during the whole or such Part of the Night as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break, throw down, displace, take away, extinguish, damage, or spoil any Lamp or Lamps put up or to be put up by virtue of this Act, ot wilfully damage the Posts, Irons, or Materials belonging thereto or uftd therewith, or wilfully hinder or obstruct any of the said Commissioners or Officeis employed in the Execution of this Act in his or their respective Duty, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Matters aforesaid (which shall be taken and deemed distinct and fepaiate Offences) shall, upon being convicted thereof before the said Commissioners by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, or by the Conf flion of the Party before the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, forfeit and pay for the Fit ft Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and betides making such Satisfaction in Money for the Lamp or Lamps to be broken, thrown down, displaced, taken away, exdnguithed, damaged, or spoiled, as such Commissioners shall think reasonable, and shall order to be paid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission. Commissioners from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, to contract tract'for'paJ-and agree with any Person or Persons for paving, repairing, raising, ing, lighting, lowering, or altering all or any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Paf- tte' sages, and Places, or any Part or Parts thereof; and also for a fuf-

ficient Number of Lamps necessary to be fixed and set up in the said Town of Worthing, and Lamp Irons, Posts, and other Materials necessary or convenient for fixing the fame, from Time to Time, and for providing and furnishing the fame Lamps with all Requifues, and for lighting, supporting, amending, and repairing the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Scavengers fur the said Commissioners at any of the said Meetings, to contract and Dut)'-agree with any Person or Persons to be and aft as Scavenger or Scavengers within the said Town of Worthing, to sweep and cleanse the fame, and the Person or Persons employed or contracting to act as Scavenger or Scavengers

!06q

Per fans not to throw Dirt into the Streets.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Scavengers shall Once in every Week (that is to say), on Saturday, between the Hours of Seven and Eleven in the Forenoon, and upoit such other Days, and at such other Hours as the Commissioners aforesaid shall from Time to Time appoint, sweep and collect together all Dirt, Dud, Filth, or Rubbish, in such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, and shall also bring or cause to be brought a Cart or ottier proper Carriage into such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, where such Cart or other Carriage can pass, and shall at his Approach-with such Cart or other Carriage, and not before, by Sound of Bell, Voice, or otherwise, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his or their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court, Passage, or Place into which such Cart or Carriage cannot pass, and abide and flay a convenient Time in or near the fame Places respectively, so that the Inhabitants or Persons concerned may bring forth their Dud, Dirt, Allies, and other Filth (except Filth from any Privy or Necessary House) to the Door of their respective Houses and Premises, and there leave the fame in some convenient Place near their Doors, from whence the said Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall immediately take and put into such Cart or Carriage all such Dud, Dirt, Ashes, and Filth (except as aforesaid), or otherwise the said Scavenger shall, if required, come into such Part of their respective Houses and Premises where such Dud, Dirt, Ashes, and other Filth as aforesaid shall be kept, and take the fame from thence; and the said Dud, Dirt, Ashes, and other Filth, as well as all such Dud, Dirt, Dung, Allies, and other Filth, as shall be swept up and collected together (except as aforesaid), the said Scavenger or other Officer appointed for that Purpose shall then immediately, or as soon as may be, carry away or cause to be carried away to the Place or Places to be appointed by the said Commissioners for depositing the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings for every such Offence or Neglect; and every Person acting as such Scavenger for the Time being shall cause the Words, " Scavengers Cart*’ to be painted, together with his Name and Number, in large Roman Letters, on the Front or other conspicuous Place of their Carts or Carriages used for the Purposes aforesaid, on Pain cf forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, for every such Neg-left therein; and if any such Scavengers or other Persons afb'ng as such, or employed as aforesaid, shall sweep or throw any Dud, Dirt, Ashes, or Filth, into the Sewers, Drains, Sinks, or Watercourses, within the said Town of Worthing, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, for every such Offence.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall throw, cad, or lay, or cause to be thrown, cad, or lain, any Dud, Dirt, Dung, Allies, or other Filth whatsoever, in the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places (except the Dirt, Ashes, and Filth to be collected and put together or placed as aforesaid, and except as is herein-after mentioned), on Pain of forfeiting or paying for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings nor shall throw or cad any such Dirt, Dud, Dung, Allies, or other Filth whatsoever into any of the Sewers, Drains, Sinks, or Watercourses within the same, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying for every such lad mentioned Offence any Sum not exceeding

jto6i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings; but shall, and he, (he, and they are hereby required to keep or cause to be kept the fame in their reflective Houses, Cellars, or Yards, until such Times as the Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Person or Persons appointed to take away the same as aforesaid, shall come by or near their Houses or Doors with a Cart or other Carriage for the Purpose of carrying away the same.

XXIV. Provided always, That no Person shall be subject to any Penalty Penalty rot to as aforesaid, for or on account of any Rubbish or Dirt in such Streets, or

Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places as aforesaid, occasioned by the build- Dirt, etc ing, pulling down, altering, or repairing his or her House or other J3uilding, nor for making any Lime into Mortar to be used in or for the Purpose of building, altering, or repairing the fame, in case there be full and sufficient Space (in the Opinion of the Commissioners or their Surveyor for the Time being) left in or at the Side of the Street,

Lane, Way, Passage, or Place where such Rubbish, Dirt, Lime, or Mortar shall lie or be placed, for Carriages to pass and repass, and a sufficient Way kept clean for Foot Passengers, and so as sufficient Light be at his, her, or their own Expence, set and maintained at the Place Where such Dirt or Rubbift shall be so laid or placed between the Hours of Sunset and Sunrise, to prevent any Mischief happening to Passengers or Cattle, or so as (if the Commissioners shall think proper and so direct) the fame be inclosed and fenced about in such Manner and within such Time as they, in any Notice to be by their Order given to or left with such Person or Persons, shall direct, or the same shall be removed, at his or hey own Expence, within a Time to be expressed in a Notice to be in like Manner given or left to remove the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom- Penalty for soever shall take or carry away, pr cause to be taken or carried away, any taking away Dirt, Dud, Dung, Affies, or other Filth, out of any such Streets, Lanes, Dlrt’eu' Ways, Passages, or Places as aforesaid, other than such Scavenger or

other Officer, or Person contracting, or to be appointed for that Purpose as herein-before is mentioned, on Fain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less chan Ten Shillings for every such Offence.

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to p«rfontto6e prevent any Person or Persons from preferring and keeping any Dirt,

Dost, Dung, Affies, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish within his, her, or of Duit, ' their Houses, Yards, Gardens, or Grounds, or otherwise disposing of the fame for their own Use and Benefit, so as such Dirt, Duff, Dung, Allies,

Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish be not laid down or placed in any of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places as aforesaid, for any longer lime than shall be necessary for loading and carrying away the fame, or be differed to annoy any of the Inhabitants of the said d own as aforesaid; but in case any Person so reserving such Dirt, Duff, Affies, Manure,

Muck, Filth, or Rubbish shall thereby annoy any of the Inhabitants, or shall permit or (offer the same to remain for any longer Time than from Sun*rising in the Morning to Sun-setting in the Evening, before the same shall be carried away or removed, after Notice in Writing given to him or her under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or by their Clerk,

\Lk. & Per.2 ia JV by

Io62

Foot Pavements to be {wept.

Streets to be watered.

Enabling the Commissioners to provide aFire Engine.

43° GEORGII lit. Cap. 59;

by their Order, or left at such Person’s Dwelling House, to remove the fame, such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings nor Ids than Five Shillings a Day, for every Day that such Annoyance shall be ltlffered to remain after such Notice given as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Owners and Occupiers of Houses or other Buildings, or Ground or Land in the publick Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, already made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Town, shall and they are hereby required, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, to cause to be well and sufficiently swept and cleansed the Footways or Foot Pavements before, behind, and on the Sides of the fame, (as the Situation thereof shall require), every Morning in the Year before Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day; and also shall cause the Dirt and Soil arising from such sweeping and cleansing to be collected and put together, without obstructing the Way, or Road, or Sewers, or creating any Nuisance or Annoyance thereby, in order that the fame may be ready for the loading and taking away thereof by the Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Person or Persons employed in cleansing such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying respectively for every Neglect therein, or Nuisance or Annoyance occasioned thereby, a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to cause the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, to be watered as often as they shall think fit; and also cause any Well or Wells to be dug and sunk, and any Pump or Pumps to be erected in such Places as they shall think proper within the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, for the Purpose of watering the fame, or for any o’her Purpose, and to cause the same to be removed or altered, and the Expences thereof to be defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to purchase One or more Engine or Engines for the extinguishing of Fire, and such Number of Water Buckets for the Supply of such Engine or Engines as they shall think fit; and to erect and build, or purchase, or rent, a proper Place for keeping such Engineor Engines, and Buckets, and also from Time to Time to appoint some proper Person or Persons to look after and manage such Engine or Engines, and Buckets, with such Wages or Salary as they the said Commissioners shall think fit; and the Cods, Charges, and Expences of purchasing such Engine or Engines and Buckets, of providing a proper Place for the fame, and of every Matter and Thing relating thereto, and also the Wages or Salary of the Person or Persons looking after and managing such Engine or Engines, and Buckets, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, to order and establish such Number of Watchmen and Beadles, as they shall judge proper or necessary to be kept or employed in or about the said Town, and shall likewise direct and appoint how and where the several Watchmen and Beadles shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed, how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Duty, and what Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen and Beadles for their Service; and shall and may all’o erect and provide proper Places, Boxes, or Watch Houses for the Reception of such Watchmen and Beadles as aforesaid, and shall make all such Orders and Regulations as the Nature of the respective Services shall to the said Commissioners appear to require, and as shall be necessary for preserving and maintaining Peace and Order, and an effective Police within, and the Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and shall cause all such Orders and Regulations as shall be made by them, from Time to Time, for the better Direction and Government of such Watchmen and B-adlcs, and for the other Purposes lad mentioned, to be printed, and Copies of them signed by the Commissioners or their Clerk for the Time being; and it shall be lawful for such Watchmen and Beadles, and they are hereby authorized and required to keep Watch and Ward within the said Town as aforesaid, and to arrest, apprehend, and detain in the Watch House, or some other convenient Place of Security within the said Town, to be provided and appointed by the Commissioners, all Dif-turbers of the publick Peace, disorderly Persons, Vagrants, Beggars, and all such other Persons as shall be found mifhehaving thrmlelves, and shall take them within Twenty-four Hours (or as soon after as conveniently may be) before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Sufex, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and the said Beadles shall, as often in every Night as shall be ordered by the Commissioners, go about their respective Districts and Rounds to take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform their Duty in their several Stations, according to fcich Orders and Regulations as shall be made and provided by the Commissioners; and in case any Watchman shall misbehave himself, or neglect his Duty, the said Beadles shall, as soon as conveniently may be, give Notice thereof to the Clerk for the Time being to the Commissioners, who is hereby authorized to suspend such Watchman from the Execution of his Office, and appoint another Person to officiate therein until the next Meeting of the Commissioners, when the said Clerk shall acquaint the Commissioners assembled at such Meeting with the Complaint against such Watchman, in order that they may proceed to the Examination of the Offence or Charge; and such Watchman moreover shall be subject and liable to such Penalty for every such Neglect or Misbehaviour as is next hereinafter expressed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if such Watchmen and Beadles, or any of them, shall not observe, perform, and keep the Orders, Rules, and Regulations which shall be made for the Purposes aforesaid by the Commissioners, or shall in any Manner neglect their Duty or misbehave themselves, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and also, if

1063

Watchmen, Beadles, and Constables.

Transcripts of Regulations of Beadles, etc, to he signed by the Coin-missioners.

Penalty on Beadles and others neg-leifbng their Duty.

1064

Penalty oi

PuMicans

hirbouung

VVa'vhtnen

during the ir

Hohis of

Duty.

Certain A 6ts n« t to lie committed in the Streets.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

the Commissioners shall think proper, shall be immediately discharged from his or their respective Office or Employment.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler, Publican, or other Person selling Spirituous or other Liquors, shall encettain or harbour in his, her, or their House or Habitation, or Shop, any Watch, man to be appointed under this Act, during any of the Hours or Times appointed (or i'uch Watchman to be on Duty, in virtue or in pursuance of this Act, then every such Victualler, Publican, or other Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for the Fuft Offence, and not exceeding Forty Shillings ror the Second Offence, and not exceeding Five Pounds for the Third and every other Offence.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall upon any of the present or future Pavements of the publick Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, now made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Town as aforesaid, which are now or at any Time hereafter shall be raised above the Carriage Way, and used as a Footway, or upon any other Way designed and appointed for a Footway only, run, draw, drive, or carry any Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, (except for conveying Bread, Furniture, or Luggage to any House) Bier, Handbarrow, or Carriage whatsoever, or shall roll any Calk other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof, in, upon, from, or out of any Carriage, or shall thereon wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Cattle of any Kind, or any Bead, whether loaded with Coal, Vegetables, or other Goods or Wares for Sale; or shall in any of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, as aforesaid, burn, dress, or cleanse any Cork, or shall hoop, fire, cleanse, or feald any Calk, or empty any of the Contents of any Calk therein, or shall hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber (except for the Purpose of rebuilding, altering, or repairing any House or Building, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, or for any of the Purposes by this Act required or authorized to be done, in which Cases the fame shall, if the Commissioners think proper and direct, be fenced and inclosed in Manner herein-after mentioned), or shall make ox repair any Coach, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage in any of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places (except such Carriage may want immediate repairing from any sudden Acodent on the Spot, and which cannot conveniently be removed for that Purpose), or thall shoe or (except in Cases of Accident) bleed, or thall turn loose any Horse, Afs, or other Bead therein; or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, thall in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, ride on the Shafts, or on any Part of such Waggon, Cart. Sledge, or other Carriage without Reins, or any of the Borfes or Cattle drawing the fame, or thall in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, shew or expose any St lilion or Stone Horse, or shall make any Bonfire, or let off or fire any Crackers, Squibs, or other Fireworks, or if any Person shall fist, throw, cad, or lay any Allies (except in the Time of Froft only, and to prevent Accidtnts or any Du t, Muck, Dung, Soil, Filth, Rubbish, Refuse of Garden Stuff, blood. Offal, Carrion, or any other offensive Matter or Thing, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, in such Manner as to become a Nuisance, or shall wilfully incommode

1065

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

mode the Inhabitants by any other Nuisance, the same shall be respectively considered as an Offence or Offences against this Act; and every Person so offending in any of fuc'n Cases, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings; and if any Person or Persons shall kill or daughter, or shall singe, scald, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in Part, in any of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Fi xes, every Person so offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Bead* or other Animal shall at any Time be found wandering about any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places now made, or hereafter to be made or built within the said Town of Worthing, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Commissioners, and for any of the Inhabitants of the fame Town, to impound such Horse, Beast, or other Animal, in such Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and the fame there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for each Beast or other Animal so impounded, pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Shillings to the Treasurer for the Time being to the Commissioners, towards the Purposes of this Act, and also the Sum of One Shilling to the Person impounding the fame, besides the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the fame; and in case the said Sums, Charges, and Expences shall net be paid within Seven Days after such impounding, it shall be lawful for such Person as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, giving Ten Days previous Notice of the intended Sale to the Owner or Owners of such Horse or other Beast, to fell or cause the same to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, afrer deducting the said Sums, and the Charges and Expences aforesaid, and of such Notice and Sale, shall be paid to the said Treasurer, to be by him paid to the Person whose Property the Beast or other Animal so fold shall appear to have been*

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Cart, Waggon, Sledge, Trolley, Dray, or other Carriage used for the Purpose of conveying or catryidg Goods, Merchandize, or any other Materials whatsoever, shall at any Time be left or suffered to stand or continue in any of the publick Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places already made or built* or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Town of Worthing, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof, or shall be set, placed, or left upon any Part of the Foot Crollings of any such Street, Lane, Way, Passage, or Place, or shall be set or placed athwart or across any Part of such Streets, Lanes, Ways* Passages, or Places (although for the Purpose of loading or unloading the fame), so as there shall not be sufficient Room left for another Carriage to pass; or if any Stage Coach shall be suffered to stand in any such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places as aforesaid, for a longer Time than shall be necessary for taking up and setting down Passengers or Travellers, or for loading or unloading their Luggage; or if any Wheel of any Carriage, separated from a Carriage, be hauled, drawn, or rolled thereon or through the fame, without a Sledge or proper Carriage placed under the fame, or if any Timber, Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, be drawn in any of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or

[Loc. £5* Per.~\ 12 0 Places

Beads wander, ing in the Streets may be impounded.

Carts, Carriages,

not to be left in the Streets,

to66

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Places without the fame being placed on a Sledge or Carriage for that Purpose; or if any Timber, Iron, Lead, Bricks, Stones, Lime, Mortar; Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Materials, or Things, Rubbish, Dirt, Dull, Dung, Filth, or other Nuisance or Annoyance whatsoever, shall be So thrown, laid, placed, or left in any such Street, Lane, Way, Passage, or Place as aforesaid (excepting building, taking down, adding to, altering, or repairing any House, Tenement, or Building, or for any of the Purposes authorized or required to be done in virtue or pursuance of this Act, in which Cases the fame shall, if the Commissioners shall think proper and direct, be fenced arid inclosed in Manner herein-after expressed), and the fame (except as last aforesaid) shall be fullered to remain for a greater Space of Time than shall be neceHai y for the housing or removing thereof; then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Wag* gon, Cart, Dray, Sledge, Trolley, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage as aforesaid, and the Owner of any such Timber, Wood, Faggots, Iron, Sticks, Stone, Hay, Wood, Goods, Materials, and Things* Dirt or Rubbish as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons causing such Annoyance as aforesaid, shall for every such Oft'ence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor lcfs than Ten Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Necessary H-mfe or Privy now being, or which shall hereafter be within the said Town, shall be e nptied at any other Time than between the Hours of Twelve. at Night and Five in the Morning; and if any Person or Persons shall empty any such Necessary House or Privy at any other Time, then and in any such Case, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently spill any of the Soil of any such Necessary House or Privy in any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places already made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built, within the said Town, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

Lights to lie

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Stones, Timber,

fixedforpre- Mortar, Ruhbish, Materials, or other Things shall be laid or placed in, dent" S ACU* or any Mole or Opening shall be made in any of the publick Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places already made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Town of Worthing as aforesaid, for any Purpose whatsoever, though not prohibited by or contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Owner of such Stones, Materials, or other Things, or Person or Persons causing such Hole or Opening to be made, shall at his, her, or their Expence, cause a Light to be affixed in or near the fame respectively, for securing Passengers and Cattle from Accidents, every Night from Sun-setting to Sun-rising, during the Time such Stones, or other Materials, Hole or Opening shall remain} and also if the Commissioners shall think proper and direct, shall at his, her, or their Expence cause such Stones, Materials, or other Things, Hole or Opening, or either, as the Case may be, to be fenced and inclosed in such Manner as the Commissioners shall think proper, and continue the fame so fenced and inclosed until the Stones, Materials, or other Things, or Hole or Opening, as the Case may be, shall be removed,

and

Directions touching Ne-ceiTar) Houses.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59. io6

and in Default thereof shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day and Night such Neglect shall be contK nued; and the Commissioners on such Default being made are hereby empowered to cause such Light to be put up, and to fence and inclose such Stones, Materials, and otheT Things, and continue the fame so fenced and inclosed, and charge such Owners or other Person or Persons as aforesaid with the Expences thereof respectively, and to recover such Expences, on Refusal to pay the same to the Commissioners, and the Expences attending such Recovery, in the same Manner as is mentioned in the Cafe of Fences and Inclosures to be made on taking down or altering any House or Building as herein-before is mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Cellar Window or Cellar w;n. Windows shall be left open in the Evening or in the Night, without the d «’*not to fame being sufficiently lighted to prevent Accidents happening therefrom, e e ' the Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Cellar shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds;

XXXIX. And be it further ehadled, That the Commissioners shall and Names of the may, and they are hereby required to cause to be placed on some conspi- fcc"e'8 '"dbe cuous Part of foine House or Building, at or near each End, Corner, or Ho ft’s mish-Entrance of the several publick Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and btred* Places already made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Town, the Name of or by which every such S reet. Lane,

Way, Passage, or Place, is usually or shall be called or known; and a!ft> shall and may cause any House, Shop, Warehouse, or Building in thfe fame Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall think proper for di(Fngui(hiLg the fame; and if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Mark or Number, or the Names of the fame Streets Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor Icfs than Twenty Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall pemityon raise, fink, or alter any Pavement' to be made in pursuance of this Act, [’neJlpna^:ter* in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, or any Part In?nt* with-thereof, without the Consent the said Commissiotiers in Writing, to oul the Con‘ be signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being at commit-' some publick Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, every such <i°ner«. PeTfon shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings over and above the Charges and Expences of reinstating such Pavement.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on at any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, or molelt any of the Commissioner6, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, Watchmen, Beadles, or other Workmen. Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons rvhomsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of their Duty, or of any of the Matters and 7 hings to be done in virtue or in pursuance hereof, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty

- Shillings

io68

Commission-era may make Srwrrrs, Crains, 5fc.

Private Drains to be cleaned.

Penflioi’fcs, Signs, 5tic. pro-

jetting into the Street to be removed.

43° GEORGII III. Cap.

Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings over and above such Penalties as are inflicted on any of the said Offences by any other Law or Statute now in Force.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause such and lo many new Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, as they may think sufficient and necessary to be dug and made in, along, or across any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, and ailo any of the Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, which now are or hereafter shall be made within the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, to be enlarged, widened, raised, altered, removed, repaired, cleansed, or scoured, when and as often as to them the said Commissioners shall seem meet, and for any of the said Purposes shall and may from Time to Time cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, Bricks, and other Materials, as they shall judge necessary, and also shall and may cause such and so many Grates or Openings to be made therein for the conveying and carrying off the Filth, foul and other Waters, from the Houses built or to be built in or adjoining to such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, into the said Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, as the said Commissioners shall and may think necessary and expedient for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners shall also have full Power, Liberty, and Authority, to purchase such Ground as shall be necessary for making and enlarging such Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, they the said Commissioners first paying or tendering to the several Persons or Corporations interested in such Ground so to be purchased, such Monies as shall be agreed upon (which Agreements shall be good and valid notwithstanding any Disability in any Person or Persons, or Corporations interested therein), or in Case of Refusal to agree by the Parties so interested in such Ground, then such and so much Monies as shall be assessed as a Recompence to him or them, in the Manner herein-after laid down for the assessing or ascertaining the Value of the Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by the said Commissioners, for the Purpose of widening or improving the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages and Places as herein-after mentioned; and all Colts, Charges, and Expences, in and about the making, enlarging, widening, raising, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing, or scouring such Sewers* Drains, and Vaults, shall be borne and defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by the Rates or Affertrycnts to be made by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all private Drains which now are or which shall hereafter be made within any of the publick Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places within the said Town of Worthing, and which do or shall issue into any of the publick Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, shall be repaired and cleansed under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor, or other proper Officer, to the said Commissioners, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Tenements to which the said private Drains do and shall re-ipedively belong.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act ,allPenthouses, Bow Windows, Shutters, Signs, Sign Ports,

Shew

io6g

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

5hew Boards, Spouts, Pales, Rails, Grates, Steps, Projections, or other Matters or Things whatsoever, as in the Judgement of the Commissioners shall be inconvenient to or incommode Passengers upon any of the present or future Footways or Carriage Ways of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages or Places, shall, within Ten Days after a Day to be expressed in a Notice, to be for that Purpose given to or left with the Owner or Occupier of the Houses of other Buildings, or Lands, to whom such Matters and Things aforesaid, or any of them, shall respectively belong, be taken down, filled up, removed, or altered, by or at the Expence of the Owner or Owners thereof, under the InFpeftion and Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the Paid Commissioners; and in case the respective Owners shall neglect or refuse to obey such Notices, and to observe and perform the several Matters and Things hereby respectively required to be done within the Time aforesaid, then such Owner shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Week the same shall so remain undone, and then also it shall and may be lawful for the Paid Commissioners to cause the same to be taken down, filled up, removed, altered, and fixed in the Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall return or cause to be returned to the respective Owners thereof, or to be left on the Spot from whence the same shall be so respectively removed, or as near thereto as conveniently may be for such Owners, so much of such Matters and Things as aforesaid as shall not be affixed or set up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act; and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall be recovered of the Owners thereof respectively, in the Manner the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act are hereby directed to be recovered on Non-payment; and if such Owners shall cause such Matters and Things to be placed, erected, built, or made contrary to the Directions of this Act, every such Owner, for every Week he shall so offend, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to order the same to be taken down, filled up, removed, or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper, without giving any Notice to the Owner or other Person offending therein; and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall or may be recovered of the Person or Persons so offending in the same Manner as is last herein-before directed: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to Projections made or to be made in the Nature of Bow Windows, in any of the present or future Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages or Places, in the said Town of Worthing, in case such Projections do not advance beyond the Areas of the respective Houses, or in case there shall be no Area, do not advance more than Two Feet beyond the Front Wall of the Premises to which such Projections adjoin: Provided always, that in case such Occupier or Occupiers shall be required to make such Alterations, Matters, and Things aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for him or them to deduct the Colts, Charges, and Expences of making the same out of his, her, or their next Rent, and such Landlord and Landlords is and are hereby required to allow the fame accordingly.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Alterations as aforesaid shall be made to any House or Building wherein any Person or Persons shall have any greater Estate, [.Loc. & Per.] 12 P Term,

Person 1 tiav-ing greater Eiutc than ai Yean, ileem-ed Owners.

1070 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Term, or Interest than for Twenty-one Years, such Person or Persons shall be and be deemed the Owner or Owners of such House or Building, for the Purpose of such Alterations being made as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained, or any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Regulating

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Head Builder, Matter Buildings. Carpenter, Mason or Workman, shall in rebuilding or new fronting any old Building situate in or near any Street, Lane, Way, Passage, or Place, within the said Town, bring the Foundation thereof forward beyond the old Foundation, or the ancient Story Potts suppoiting the Fronts thereof, so as to obstruct or narrow such Street, Lane, Way, Passage, or Place, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds j and the Owner of such Building shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Month such Obstruction or Encroachment shall remain by the Foundation of such Building being brought forward as aforesaid, unless allowed by the Commissioners; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the same to be taken down, altered, or regulated in such Manner as they shall think proper, at the Charges and Expences of the Owners thereof, to be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by this Act are hereby directed to be recovered on Non-payment.

Tenants to

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Notices hereby directed to landlords' '° given to the Owners or Occupiers respecting any Matter or Thing to be done under or by virtue of this Act, shall express the Alterations or Matters required to be done by the Commissioners, and where such N< tice shall be given to the Occupier or Occupiers, and shall require such Occupier or Occupiers to give immediate Notice thereof to the Owner or Owners, and if such Occupier or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse, on receiving such Notice or Notices, to give proper Intimation thereof, within Three Days to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, or to his, her, or their known Agents or Agent, then such Occupier or Occupiers shall be subject to and shall pay all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by such Owner or Owners, by reason or Means of the Non-observance or Non-performance of the Matters and Things required to be done by such Notice or Notices.

Commission-

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners

chaie Houses", shall adjudge that any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-Lands, ale. to ments, or any Part thereof, project into or obstruct the Passage of the widen streets, streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, within the said Town, or that by taking down the fame, or any Part thereof, or taking in any Piece or Parcel of Ground, the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, may be altered, widened, or improved, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to treat and agree with the several Owners and Occupiers, and all Persons whatsoever interested, for the Purchase of, and to purchase such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and to pay for the fame such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon by the said Commissioners, and the Persons interested therein, out of the Money to arise by the Rates and Assessments herein-after directed to be levied, and to take down such Houses or Buildings, and throw the Scites.

thereof,

1071

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

thereof, and also such Piece or Parcel of Ground so to be purchased, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, into the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, or Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for or on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Ilfue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Coverts, and to and for all Femes Coverts who are or shall be seised in their own Righr, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised cr possessed of, or interested in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all their, his, or her Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons and their Heirs for ever, as the said Commissioners shall direct, in Trust for them the said Commissioners, for any of the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances and Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes,' not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Body Politick, Corperate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feme Covert, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, in and by this Act empowered and qualified to treat, contract, or agree to fell, convey, and dispose of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners may be enabled by this Act to treat for and purchase, or any Interest therein, or any other PeTon or Persons whomsoever, for the Space of Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing signed by the said Commissioners, or their Clerk for the Time being, and given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

shall

Incapacitated Persons may fell to Coni-mi (lionet*

On Refusal to f II, Value to be settled by a Jury.

1072

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

shall neg'eft or refute to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise shall be prevented from treating and agreeing, or shall decline or refute to fell, convey, and dispose of the Premites whereof, or wherein, or whereunto they respectively shall be so fei'ed, possessed, interested, or entitled as aforesaid, or their respective Rights, Titles, Claims, or Interests into or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as tiiey shall nominate for the s, and according to the Tenor, true Intent, and Meaning of this Act, or shall not produce or make out a clear Title to the Premites they are in Possession of, or the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or if any Difference or Dispute shall arise touching such Purchase or Purchases, then and in any of such Cases it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Commissioners, before any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Sussex, or any Adjournment thereof, to give or cause to he given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesuf-tical or Civil, or to such Feme Covert, Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons, or to leave or cause to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the House*, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, intended to be so purchased Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, denoting and particularly describing the fame, and purporting that the Value of such Houses, Lands, or Hereditaments, will be adjudged and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions, or the Adjournment thereof; and the Justices at the said Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, upon Proof to them made of such Notice having been so given or left, are hereby authorized and required to charge a Jury to be impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the said County, without Fee or Reward, consisting of Twelve honeff, lujftantial, and disinterested Persons duly qualified to serve on Juries upon the Trial of Issues at Law, and cause them to be sworn well and truly, upon their Oaths, to assess the Value of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, comprized in the said Notice, and the Damages and Recompence to be given for the same to the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests therein (which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer to such Jury) and to which said Jury the said Commissioners, and all Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the said Jury being so sworn and charged as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given concerning the Nature, Quantity, or Value of the said Lands or Hereditaments, shall by their Verdict effefs the Value, Recompence, and Satisfaction to be paid or made for the said Lands or Hereditaments, and shall ascertain the proportionable Sum or Sums to be paid to every Person or Persons according to their respective Interests therein; which Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgement of the said Justices upon the fame, shall be finally binding and conclusive to the said Commissioners, and to all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments; and such Verdicts, and thejudgements of the Justices thereupon, shall befairly entered and kept among the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the County of Su/fex; and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons may have Recourse to the fame gratis, and take Copies thereof, paying One Shilling for every One hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $g. 1073

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Proprietors Persons shall by virtue of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, ",",tit°ish'0 fe.j be compelled or compellable to treat for, fell, part with, dispose of, or thrir Lands' convey to the said Commissioners, or to any other Person or Persons except in whomsoever, any Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments within ceruin Calc‘-the said Town (other than and except the Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed) which are or shall be of the Value of Four hundred Pounds or upwards, unless the Owner or Owners of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments shall, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, consent to sell or dispose of the lame.

LII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That every Sum HowPurchafe of Money to be agreed for or afieffed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, (except in the Cases herein-after mentioned and otherwise direcred), and shall be paid or tendered to be paid by the said Commissioners, before they take PolLflion of the Premises purchased therewith, and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, or in case the Person or Persons entitled to the Premises for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid shall not be known, or in case by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defect of Evidence, it shall noc appear to the said Commissioners that any Person or Persons is or are entitled to the Premises in question, then in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them, and each and every of them, according to their respective Effaces and Interests in the Premises, at such Times as the said Commissioners shall, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, order and direct; and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum and Sums, mentioning and specifying for what Premises, and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons who shall pay such Sum or Sums into the Bank of England as aforesaid, which Receipt or Receipts shall be entered on Record, and registered among the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Sussex, and immediately on such Payment or Tender to the said Parties or Persons respectively entitled to such Sums, or their Agents, or upon such Payment into the Bank of England as aforesaid, as the Case may be, all the Estate, Right,

Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law or Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively to whom or for whose Use the fame was paid into or out of such Houses, Buildings, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if every Person having an Estate in the said Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled.

Feoffment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever, and such Payments shall not only bar all Right,

Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but shall also extend to and be deemed and con-. [Loc. £?* Per.~\ i z Q strued

i°74

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

strued to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of I’uch Person or Persons, and all EstatesTail in Reversion or Remainder, and the issue or Issues of such Person or Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as a Recovery or Fine would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

Application of

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed whenamo'mt" or to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-

iiigtujoo/. chafed, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments"', in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, Or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, aftefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per 'Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Com pen (at ion agreed or a defied to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-is Icis than ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-<xceedjn»o/ *n8 to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits, of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery', and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, or any Person authorized by them, shall, after the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Premises shall be purchased by them, in pursuance of this Act, give Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing to the Tenants or Occupiers respectively of any such Premises so purchased by them, in pursuance of this Act, to quit or deliver up such Premises at the Expiration of such Six Calendar Months, then every such Tenant and Occupier shall at the End of such Term, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the Premises so by him or her respectively occupied, whether upon Lease or otherwise, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to take Possession thereof; and if any Person or Persons so in Possession shall refuse to give up such Possession at the Expiration of such Six Calendar Months, after such Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to issue a Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Sussex, to cause Possession thereof to be delivered to such Person or Persons as shall be in such Precept or Precepts nominated to receive the same, and to direct the said Sheriff to levy such Costs as shall accrue by Means of the issuing and Execution of every such Precept by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons who shall have refused to give up such Possession as aforesaid, and shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame Colts; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession, and levy such Costs, in Manner aforesaid.

1075

Application when the Money is less than 10 /.

Tenants of E dates purchased by Commissioners, to quit on receiving Six Months Notice.

1076

Commission-rrs may at my Time fell any Houses, ©V which appear tobenolonger necessary for the Pui'|iofes of this Act.

Rates not to exceed »1. 6 d. in the Pound.

43*GEORGri III. Cap. 59.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall at any Time or Times appear to the said Commissioners that any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, which by any Means became vested in them for the Purposes of this Act, are no longer necessary for such Purposes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any Time or Times, to let, fell, or dispose of such Lands, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons to and for such Use and Uses as they shall think proper, giving Preference to the Person or Persons of whom the fame may have been purchased, and to his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators.

LVIII. And, for raising Money for answering and defraying the Expences attending the preparing, soliciting, and obtaining this Act, and carrying into Execution all the several Purposes thereof (except so far as is herein otherwise particularly provided for); be it further enacted, That the Commissioners assembled at any Meeting to be held by virtue or in pursuance of this Act shall and they are hereby authorized and required. Once or oftener in every Year, as they shall see Occasion, to cause such Sum of Money to be raised by a Rate or Assessment upon the several Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouses, Granaries, Malthouses, and all other Buildings, which are already made or built, or shall hereafter be made or built within the said Town, according to the annual Rent or Value of the fame respectively, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound upon such annual Rent or Value, such annual Rent or Value to be from Time to Time settled, ascertained, and fixed according to the respective Rents or Value at which such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouses, Granaries, Malthouses, and other Buildings, are or shall be rated or taxed for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish of Broadwater; but if in any such Poor Rates any Person or Persons shall be omitted to be rated, then the Name or Names of such Person or Persons so omitted shall be added to the Rate or Assessment hereby directed to be made, and he, she, or they shall be rated and assessed, proportionably with other Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouses, Granaries, Malthouses, and other Buildings, rated and assessed in the said Town; and where any such Premises lie intermixed or are jointly held with any other Premises that shall not be rated in pursuance of this Act, then the same shall be rated and assessed in Proportion as the whole Premises are rated in any such Poor Rates; and in case of any such Omission as aforesaid, then proportionably as before mentioned; and for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners yearly and every Year, or as often as they shall see Occasion, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint Two or more of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Worthing, to be the Assessors of such Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, and as soon after as may be, to issue their Order thereupon to such Assessors, who shall accordingly be, and they are hereby empowered and required to make such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments; and the First Year for which such Rates or Assessments shall be made, shall commence and be computed from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred

1077

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $9.

dred and three; and the Money so to be raised and assessed shall from Time to Time be paid by such several Tenants or Occupiers as aforesaid, and they are hereby required to pay the fame, by equal Half-yearly Payments, to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the Commissioners as aforesaid; but no Rate or Assessment to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be valid until the same shall be allowed and signed by Seven Commissioners at the lead, and the said Assessor or Assessors shall appear at such Time and Place as the Commissioners shall by Writing, signed by them, order and direct, and then and there produce and deliver to them Two Copies or Duplicates of the Assessment made and subscribed by such Assessors, and shall from Time to Time, upon reasonable Notice to him or them given by the Commissioners, attend the Commissioners on any of their Meetings, then and there to explain such Rates and Assessments 5 and that after such Rate or Assessment shall be made and allowed, and signed, settled, ascertained, and fixed as aforesaid, the Money thereby made payable shall be collected and received by the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, as soon as may be, of and from the respective Persons who shall be so rated or aff.-ffed; and the Commissioners shall from Time to Time, as soon as may be after such Rate or Assessment shall be made, allowed, and signed, settled, ascertained, and fixed as aforesaid, cause a Duplicate thereof, signed by them, to be delivered to the said Collector or Collectors, and shall issue their Orders to the said Collector or Collectors, requiring him or them to collect and receive the respective Sums of Money made payable by such Rate or Assessment, and such Collector and Collectors is and are hereby authorized and required to collect and receive the same accordingly; and also Once at lead in every Month, or oftener, if directed so to do by the Commissioners, by Writing signed by their Clerk for the Time being, to pay the Money so to be collected and received by him or them by virtue of this Act, to the Treasurer for the Time being to the Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied to and for the Uses and Purposes herein-before mentioned; and all and every such Collector and Collectors shall, and is and are hereby required, at the Time of making every such Payment of the Money so respectively collected as aforesaid, to deliver to the Person or Persons empowered to receive the same, a true and exact Account of all Sums of Money received by them respectively, and also of such Sums of Money, Rates, or Assessments (if any) which shall remain uncollected, together with the Reasons why the fame have or had not been collected, to the End that it may appear whether such Non-payment or Non-collection happened through the Insolvency of the Person rated, or through the Default of the Collector or Collectors; and if any Person who shall be so appointed, and shall accept the Office of Collector or Assessor, shall wilfully make Default in the Performance of the Duty of his said Office, or collect more than the Sum which shall have been so rated and assessed as aforesaid, or otherwise milbeiiave himself therein, he shall for every such Neglect, Default, or Misbehaviour, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and also be discharged from his said Office, if the Commissioners shall think fit.

LIX. And, in order to ascertaifi the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act be it-further enacted,' That the Commissioners shall and may, and hey a j hereby authorized and empowered, to cause any of the Books o Assessment of Rates towards the Relief of the Poor of the \Jjoc. & Per.'] 12 R said

Commissioners may order Parish Books and ai d Tax AflTefT to be produced, and Copies thereof made.

1078

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

laid Parish of Broadwater, and, if they shall think fit, any of the Books of Assessment of the Land Tax, to be brought before them, and to take Copies of such Books, or any Part thereof, without Fee or Reward; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books Grail be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the Commissionera with such Book or Books, or to permit them to take Copies thereof, then and in every such Case such Person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

It Affeirors

LX. And be it further enacted, That if such Assessors shall at any make the Rate Time or Times hereafter, in any Rates or Assessments by them to be Commit made by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, neglect or omit to rate or fioneri may assess any Person or Persons liable to pay or to be charged with such Rates alter Uieold or Assessments, or shall in such Assessments under-rate any such Person Rates. or Persons liable to pay such Rates or Assessments, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to rate and assess, in the said Rates or Assessments, such Person or Persons so omitted to be rated and assessed, and to raise such Person or Persons so under-rated, or amend such Rates and Assessments as aforesaid; and that the Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to strike out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons whom they shall determine not to be liable to the Payment of the Rates hereby directed to be made; and that all such Additions to or Alterations in the old or former Rates and Assessments, shall be as valid and effectpal to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been Part of the original or old or former Rates or Assessments, any Statute, Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Tenants to

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Tenant or Occupier of pay the Ratei. any jjoufe> Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach House, Brew-house, Granary, Malthouse, or other Building, upon or in respect of which any Rate or Assessment shall be charged or imposed by virtue of this Act, shall at any Time neglect or refuse to pay the Rates or Sums of Money which shall be so rated and assessed as aforesaid, for the Space of Fourteen Days after the same shall be due, and Demand made thereof by Notice in Writing under the Hands or Hand of the Collector or Col-leftors of the said Rates, to be delivered to such Tenant or Occupier, or left at his or her Dwelling House or usual or last Place of Abode, or at the Tenement occupied, then upon Proof thereof upon Oarh before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of SnJ/ex, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Tenant or Occupier, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Sum or Sums due in respect of such Rates or Assessments, and all Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand.

Ho» Ratei to

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person nuts quitting remove from or ft11*1 any House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or entering. Stable, Coach House, Brewhouse, Granary, Malthouse, or other Building, which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, such Person shall be liable to pay such Rates or Assessments in Proportion to the Time

he

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59. ^679

he or she occupied the fame, in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had not removed or quitted the fame; and in all CafeS where arty Person shall come into or occupy any such House, Warehouse, Shoji,

Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach House, Brewhouse, Granary, Malthortfe, or other Building as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person who shall have been rated or assessed for the same shall be removed, or Which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment was or vVefe empty or unoccupied, the same shall for and in respect of his, her, or their Occupation thereof, be liable to any such Rath or Assessnfohi din-IVopor- " ' '

tion to the Time he or she shall occupy the fame, in the (lime Manner as if he or (lie had been originally rated or act’efled for such HoOfe,'Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach House, Brewhotire, Granary,

Malthouse, or other Building; which said respective Proportions irifoafe of Dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by the Commissioners in such Manner as they shall judge reasonable; and in case any Person who Persons rehaving been so rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall quit his or her House, movinZ-Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach House, Brewfooufo, Granary, Malthouse, or other Building, before he or she shall haVrt paid such Rates or Rate, or proportionable Part or Parts thereof by him or her due and payable, and shall afterwards refuse and hegleft to pay the fame when demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector and Collectors, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Stijfex, or for the County, Riding, Dfvilion,

Liberty, ToWn, Or Place where such Person shall TemoVe to or tefid’e, or where any Goods or Chattels of such Person shall be found (Which Warrant such Justice is hereby required to grant, uport Proof made of the Sum so due before him upon Oath of a credible Witness or Witnesses), ro levy such Rate or Rates, or proportionable Part or Parts thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, rendering the Overplus, and the Goods and Chattels remaining (if any) after the Payment of the Money due in respect of such unpaid Rate or Rates, of proportionable Part or Parts, and all Expences relating to the Recovery thereof, unto the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold.

LXIIT, And be it further enacted, That Where any House, Warehouse, Rate may be Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach House, Brewhouse, Granary, Mdlt- ^yOnc'oc-house, or other Building, which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of cupier, where this Act, shall be let or demised to more than One Tenant or Occupier, than any One or more of such Tenants or Occupiers shall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, for the Purposes of this Act; and where any House or Houses shall be let ready-furniftfod or in Lodgings, the Person or Persons immediately so letting the same shall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Rates or Assessnents shall be levied by Distress and Sale in Manner la(t herein-befcre mentioned of all or any of the Goods or Chattels in such House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach Housej Brewhouse,

Granary, Malthouse, or other Building, or of all or any of the Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons hereby made liable to pay such Rates or Assessments.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Rate ot fufedo-om Assessment shall by virtue of this Act be charged or made payable by Poor Rate»

io8o

Empty Houses exempted.

Persons aggrieved may apply to the Commissioners.

Commissioners empowered to borrow Money on Security of the Rates.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. $ 9.

any Person who by reason of his or her Poverty only i* or shall be excused from paying any Kate made for the Relief of the Poor , nor shall any Person be charged or rated in or by such Rare or Assessment as aforesaid, for or on Account of any Gardens, Orchard?, Paddocks, Closes, or Lands whatsoever, or for or on Account of any House uled as a Farm House only, or for or on Account of any Gate Room, Barn, Stable, or other Building used for the Purposes of Husbandry only.

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no House, Warehouse, Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament hereby made liable to be rated or assessed, shall be charged or chargeable with any Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, during the Time the same shall be empty or unoccupied, in case the same shall be empty and unoccupied for the Space of One whole and entire Year preceding the making of such Rale or Assessment.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may first apply for Relief to the Commissioners at the First Meeting to be holden next after Demand shall be made of such Rate or Afteflinent, and the Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think the Person or Persons aggrieved, to grant such Relief in the Premises as to them shall lenn rea-(onable; and if any Person or Persons so applying to such Commifli'iners shall not be satisfied with their Order or Determination, or such Application shall not be attended to by the Commissioners at such First Meeting as aforesaid, then such Person or Persons shall nevertheless be obliged to pay such Rate, and then and not before, may appeal in the Manner herein-after mentioned to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Su£lx, for Relief in the Premises.

LXVII. And, for the more effectually enabling the Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Act in the most expeditious Manner, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time when they shall judge it necessary, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand Pounds in the Whole, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the Commissioners, to assign the said Rates or Assessments, or a competent Part thereof, to such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend such Money thereupon, as a Security or Securities for the several Sums so borrowed, with lawful Interest for the fame, which Interest shall be payable and paid Half-yearly by the Treasurer for the Time being to the Commissioners, out of the Monies to arise or to be levied by or from the said Rates or Assessments; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be advanced, and the Interest thereof, shall and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time, free from all Charges, Taxes, and Deductions, out of the Money arising from the said Rates or Assessments hereby authorized or directed to be made and levied as aforesaid, and of all Charges, Taxes, and Deductions whatsoever of the fame Principal Money, or the

Interest

io8i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Interest thereof; and all Persons who shall be possessed of the said Securities shall be Creditors on the said Rates or Assist'ments in equal Degree, without Preference in respect to the Time of his, her, or their advancing Money thereon, or otherwil'e howsoever; and every such Grant, Assignment, or Security shall be in the Form, or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

t)Y virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of

‘ this Ahf] We of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act, in ConGderation

‘ of the Sum of advanced and

1 paid by to the Trea-

lurer, appointed in pursuance of the said Act, upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant and assign unto the said

‘ his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act,

as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the same Act, to be had and holden from this

until the said Sum of

‘ with Interest at per Centum per Annum for the fame, to be paid Half-yearly, shall be repaid and satisfied. In Wicncfs ‘ whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals this

‘ Day of

And every such Grant or Mortgage shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

LXVIII. Provided neverthek-fs, and be it further en.acted. That before any such Money shall be so borrowed at Interest as herein-before mentioned. Twenty-one Days Notice, signifying the Intention of borrowing such Money at Interest as aforesaid, shall be given and published in the Manner fitft herein-before mentioned; and chat the Sums to be borrowed and raised on the Credit of the said Races or AfltfTments, at any Time within the First Three Years from and after the passing of this Act, shall not exceed in the WbtSle the Stint of One (houland arid four hundred Pounds, nor shall the total Sam to be borrowed and raised on the Credit of trie said Rates or Assessments at any Time exceed in the Whole the Sum of Two thousand Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons entitled to any of the Securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at any Time or Times, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the Person or Persons to whom such Assignment or Transfer shall be made, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to such Securities, may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame; and every such Assignment or Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall respectively be made, or who shall be for the Time being entitled thereto, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit [Loc. Ssf Per.~\ 12 5 of

Form of Security.

Notice to be given before Money borrowed.

Money borrowed not to exceed 1400l.

Securitiet may be transferred.

1082

Form of Transfer.

Mortgages may be redeemed by Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

of the Security or Securities so adigned or transferred $ and the Form of such Assignment or Transfer shall be in the Words, or to the Effect follow-ing} (that is to say),

« T [or we] being entitled to the Sum of

with Interest, after the Rate of

« payable to me [or us] my [or our] Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns, by virtue of a Mortgage [or Assignment], bearing Date the

Day of under the Hands and Seals

‘i of of the Commissioners acting in the

« Execution of a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-third

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth

the ‘title of this out of the Rates or Assessments granted by the said Act, do hereby transfer all my [or our] Right and Title in and to

the fame, and the Money now due or to grow due thereon, unto

‘ his Executors, Administrators, and AssignS,

subject to such Right of Redemption of the same Sum and Interest as

by the said Act the fame is liable or made subject to Dated this

Day of in the Year

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Grant, Assignment, or Mortgage, which shall be made by virtue of this Act, for any Slim of Money which shall be borrowed by the Commissioners on the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, as herein-before is mentioned, shall be made liable or subject to, and may be redeemed by the Commissioners, at such Times and in such Manner as the Commissioners shall think fit. Three Calendar Months previous Nouce having been given to the Person or Persons entitled to such Sum lent on the Credit of such Rates or Assessments by the Commissioners, of their Intention of redeeming the fame, and full Payment of the Principal Sum so borrowed, and Interest after the Rate at which the lame shall be so borrowed, being made to such Person or Persons, and he, she, or they may and are authorized to call for the Payment thereof as he, she, or they shall think fit, giving the like Notice to the Commissioners or their Clerk.

Interest of Mortgages how to be recovered.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Interest for the said Mortgages, or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of Forty Days next after the same shall become due and payable as aforesaid, and shall have been demanded of the Treasurer for the Time being, or in case there is no Treasurer, of any Two or more of the Commissioners, then it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners and they are hereby required, on Application to them made by any Creditor or Creditors whose Interest shall be so in Arrear, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Rates or Assessments, and that the Money so to be received by such Person or Persons shall be so received to and for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons to whom such Interest in Arrear shall be due, and shall be paid to him, her, or them accordingly; and when the Interest so in Arrear, as well as the Interest which shall incur and grow due whilst the Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall be in the Receipt of such Rates and Assessments, together with the Costs and Charges of

1083

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

of recovering, receiving, and paying over the fame in Manner aforesaid, shall be fully satisfied and paid, the Power and Authority of such Receiver or Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid shall cease and be it an End, or otherwise, if such Creditor shall think proper, such Interest lo due and in Arrear as aforesaid shall and may be sued for and recovered by him, her, or them, with Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk for the Time being to the Commissioners shall enter in a Book, to be for that Purpose provided and kept, Copies of all Securities for Money borrowed on Mortgage by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and Extracts or Memorials of all Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities by Mortgage, and also an Account of all such Stocks or Securities which shall be purchased by or by the Order of the Commissioners, and in whose Names the same shall have been so purchased, and of every Transfer, Alteration, Sale, or other Disposition thereof; to which Book and Books the Person or Persons interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access, with free Liberty to insped the fame, without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer of the Grant or Assignment of the said Rates or Assessments, the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of One Shilling and no more.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act shall from Time to Time be applied and disposed of for the several Purposes of this Act, and to or for no other Purpose whatsoever; and the Treasurer for the Time being to the Commissioners shall and is hereby authorized and required to pay and apply all such Monies as he or they shall respectively receive by virtue hereof to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Times, as the Commissioners shall from Time to Time, by any Order or Orders under their Hands, direct and appoint; and the Commissioners are hereby empowered to make such Order or Orders accordingly.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be deemed or taken to alter or make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, between any Lessors and Lessees, Landlords and Tenants, touching or concerning the Payment of any Taxes or Assessments by them respectively for or in respect of any Messuages, Buildings, or Lands, within the said Town of Worthing.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, now made or built, or hereafter to be made or built within the Limits of the said Town of Worthing, notwithstanding the Ground thereof may be the private Property of Individuals, (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Owner or Owners of such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, or Two-thirds in Number

and

Clerk to enter

all Securities for Money borrowed.

Application ot Monies.

This Act not to make void Agreements betweenLand-lord and Tenant.

Sireets, built on private Ground, to be con (id er* ed as Publick.

1084

43° GEORGII III. Cap. <59.;

and Value of such Owners to be signified to the Commissioners by some Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands), shall and may, by Notice wh'ch the said Commissioners or their Clerk for the Time being are or is in such Case required to publish Three Times m some One Weekly Newspaper dually circulated in the said County of Sussex, be declared publick Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places; and from and after such Notice given, the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places shall be considered and be publick Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be subject and entitled to all the Powers, Regulations, Benefits, and Advantages contained in this Act; and if any Street, Lane, Way, Pafliige, or Place, already made and built on any private Ground within the said Town of Worthing, shall in pursuance of the Power herein-before contained be declared publick within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after such Street, Lane, Way, Passage, or Place shall have been so declared publick, to pay to the Owners of Houses in such Street, Lane, Way, Passage, or Place, such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable and sufficient to reimburse such Owners the Expence they have been at respectively in laying down and making any Foot Pavement before their respective Houses, which shall have been made and laid down before the passing of this Act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor, or such other Person or Persons as they or he shall employ or appoint, having an Order in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, may and are hereby empowered to cut, dig, take, and carry away. Stones, Gravel, Chalk, Sand, or other Materials proper for any of the Purposes of this Act, out of and from any Waste Ground or Common, or from the Sea Beach within the said Town of Worthing, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyors or other Persons filling up the Pits or (luarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quaries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and so that the Lands adjoining to such Sea Beach may not be injured.

Commission-

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ers may bring Commissioners, and they are hereby directed to cause any Works, Matters, tions, etc. oj. phjpgg to be jone ;n pursuance of any Contrafts to be entered into as herein-before is mentioned, to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Contraft or Contrafts, or shall not be finished or completed at or within the Time or Times to be by such Contraft or Contrafts limited for completing the fame, the Commissioners shall and may bring an Action or Suit in any of Elis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster against any

ecmmifTon-ers may dig Gravel, etc.

1085

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

any Person or Persons so contrailing, and neglecting to perform and complete such Contrail or Contrails accordingly, for any Penalty or Damage which shall be contained or expressed in such Contrail or Contrails, or suffered or sustained on Account of the Non-performance thereof; and upon proving the signing of the said Contrail or Contrails, and that such Work’s, Matters, or Things, have not been so performed, finished, or completed, as aforesaid, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to and shall recover such Penalty or Damage, with full Costs of Suit.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed or inflidied, or authorized to be imposed or infiiited, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, either by Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of One credible Witness, together with the Costs and Charges of Conviilion be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace (which Warrant or Warrants any such Justice is hereby empowered to grant), and the Overplus, after such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress, and of keeping and felling the fame, are recovered and deduced, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when so levied and recovered, shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, and shall be applied (if not otherwise particularly directed by this Act) for and towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficienc Distress cannot be found, and such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol for the said County of Sussex, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless some Proceeding, or Notice of some intended Proceeding shall be had or given according to the Direction of this Act, respecting such Offence or Offences, within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence committed.

LXXX. And it is hereby further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions. Informations, and causes of Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, made in pursuance thereof, any Inhabitant of the said Town of Worthing shall [Ew. S25 Per. j 13 T and

Penalties, etc. liow to be recovered and applied.

Proceedings to be within Six Months.

Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

io86

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

and may be admitted to give Evidence, notwithstanding his or her being such Inhabitant.

For compel-

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons telfdance of be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before the

Witnesses. Commissioners, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Sussex, touching any Matter of Fad contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, or against any Rule or Order made in pursuance thereof, whether on the Part of the Prosecutors, or of the Person or Persons complained of, and which Summonses the Commissioners, and such Justices as aforesaid, ate hereby authorized to issue, where and in such Cases only as such Commissioners or such Justice or Justices of the said County (as the Case may be) are made competent by this Act to hear and determine the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, or Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Act, as herein-after is mentioned, whether upon the Part of the Appellant or of the Respondeni, and any such Person or Persons so summoned as aforesaid shall refute or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, to be approved of by such Justice or Justices, Commissioners, or other Person or Persons hereby authorized to receive such Evidence, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Commissioners, as aforesaid, or at any such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cases every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

viaion>fCn" LXXXII. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, and over which such Justice or Justices has or have Cognizance, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form of Words, or to the Eft'ed following; ([videlicet),

County of i t)E ft remembered. That on the Day of

to wit. j in the Year of the Reign

of His Majesty King One thousand eight

‘ hundred and is [or are] convicted before me

' [or us, as the CafeJha'll be~\ One [or Two, as the Case shall be~\ of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of

‘ by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this A£f\ of [fPectfftnZ *he Offence,

‘ and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the ‘ Cafe shall le~\ contrary to the said Act [or contrary to a certain Bye-‘ Law'] made on the Day of One

‘ thousand eight hundred and pursuant to the said Act, for

‘ which Offence, I, [or we, as the Case pall be~] adjudge the said

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59. 1087

‘ to have forfeited the Sum of

[but if mitigated, which I, or we, as the Case shall be mitigate to the

Sum of 3*

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals, as the

Cafe shall be] the Day and Year first above written.’

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be Distiefa not to made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, Jaejj^'forun' the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties Wantoffonn. making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of any Defedor Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant, or Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done or committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity or other Proceeding, unless Notice in Writing shall be given to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners Fourteen Days before such Action shall be brought or commenced, of such intended Action for such Irregularity, by the Attorney for the Plaintiff specifying the Cause of Action 5 nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or cause to have been committed any such Irregularity or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into such Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had Proceeding, and taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be void, quaffed, or vacated "°^e^efor for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Want of Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary certkran. notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons personsag. whomsoever shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any grieved may Rate or Afilffment to be made, or by any Order or Judgement made or seffiaL?th* given, or any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons ffall and may within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Sussex, or any Adjournment thereof (at which not less than 6 Two

io88

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Two Justices shall be present) such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at least in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause thereof, to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, and to the Person or Persons who is or are intended to be, or may be afiefted by such Appeal, and within Five Days after such Notice given, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Coils, as shall be awarded by the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, upon the hearing of such Appeal; and the said Justices in Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal, in a futnmary Way, and shall award such Costs to the Appellant or Appellants, Respondent or Respondents, or Person or Persons appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of the said Justices at such Sessions or Adjournment shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Information shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done, in pursuance of this Act, or of the Orders and Directions herein-before given and granted, or in Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereof, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Person or Persons against whom such Action is intended to be brought, signed by the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs of the Cause and Intention of and for commencing such Action or Suit, and the Time when such Action or Suit will be commenced, nor at any Time whatsoever after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then not after Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall cease, and noc otherwise; and all such Action and Actions shall be laid and tried in the County of Sussex, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall happen that such Action or Suit was brought before Fourteen Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid; or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time herein-before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and also if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or I'uffer a Dif-continuance of such Action or Actions, or Judgement, after the Defendant

I

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 1089

dant or Defendants (hill have appeared thereto, or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or if any Verdict shall pass upon the Plain-itr or Plaintiffs; or if upon Demurrer, or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the D fbnd’arit or Defendants shall have Treble Costs; and shall have Rich Remedy for recovering the same as any Delendant or Defendants hath or may have, for his, her, or their Cods, in any other Cases by Law.

- at nsrig’gmao aoiio/i ri>u' 10 tooiS job fluent noil) .>8 fli

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That out of the firit Monies Expences of that shall b.- raised by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners shall the Ait. pay and dikhuge all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and incurred in applying for, procuring, and passing this Adit.

LXXXVHL And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every Thing puylck Aa# herein contained shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

i - ,'it« IU

f'yuoj cm s kmi pne buf

- Vr,n

X you u jar, shiv 3 ai ’

[Lot. G? Per.] 12 U

TU

L,

1090

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing

Ad.

Stable in the Occupation of William Wicks, situate on the South Side of Warwick Street in the Town of Worthing.

A Piece of Ground, Part of a certain Field or Close of Land situate in Warwick Street and High Street in the Town of Worthing, in the Occupation of Edward Ogle, running all along the South and East Sides of the Paid Field or Close of Land, and not exceeding Twenty Feecin Breadth in any Part thereof.

Parts of Two Fields or Closes of Land situate in the South Street in the Town of Worthing, in the Occupation of Thomas Hogsjlejh, running the whole Length of the said Fields or Closes of Land from North to South, and extending from the East Side of the said Fieids-or Clolts of Land not more than Twelve Feet in any Part.

Part of a Garden in the Occupation of the said Edward Ogle situate in High Street in the Town of Worthing, extending from the Fall Side of the said Garden not more than Twenty Feet in any Part, and running the whole Length of the said Garden from North to South,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 60.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Aci for cleansing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast, and for ereSiing a Ballaf Office in the said City, and each of the said Towns, as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Act, made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Streets, ifuays, Panes, and Passages, in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo; for establishing a Nightly TVatch in the said Town; for supphing the said lown with Pipe TVater, a?id for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereofand for [lee. & Per.] 12 u making

i

1090

3 Geo. 1.

C. 11.

40 Geo. j. c* S9«

S ich Part of 3 Geo. a. c.if. as relates to the Port of Sltgo j and 40 Geo. 3. c. 99. repealed.

Commi/Toners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

making better Provision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleaning, and improving of the said Town of Sligo; and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein; and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof. [nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for ckanfing the Ports, Harbours, and Rivers of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda, and Belfast, and for erecting a Ballaji Office in the said City, and each of the said Towns, certain Powers and Authorities were given to certain Persons therein mentioned, for the Purpose of improving and regulating the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo: And whereas by One other Act, made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, changing, lighting, and improving the Streets, Quays Lares, and Passages, in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo; for establishing a Nightly Watch in said Town; for supplying the said 1 own with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof, certain Powers and Authorities were given to certain Persons therein named, who were made One Body Corporate, for effecting the said several Purposes: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Comfort and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Sligo, and also be of great Benefit to the Shipping frequenting the said Port and Harbour, and facilitate the Execution of the several Purposes intended thereby, if so much of the said recited Act, made in the Hard Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Port and Harbour of Sligo, and if the said Act made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were repealed; and if other and better Provisions were made for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and improving the said Town of Sligo, and for regulating the Markets thereof, and for regulating and improving the Port and Harbour thereof; and if the Carmen and Porters employed in carrying Corn, Coals, and Merchandize, within the said Town, were made subject to certain Rules and Regulations, and the Rate of their Wages or Hire fixed or determined: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Port and Harbour of Sligo, and also the said recited Act made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Representatives in Parliament for the County of Sligo, and for the Borough of Sligo for the Time being, the Provost and Burgesses for the said Borough for the Time being, Thomas

1091

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

mas Holmes, William Barrett, Andrew Faujfett, Thomas Ormjly, ’James Wood, John Irwin, Roger Parke, William Harloe Phibbs, Abraham Martin, Andrew Hume, Charles Martin, Alexander Hume, the Reverend Charles West, Alexander M'-Creery, Neal MLDonald, Albert Blejl, Ignatius Everard, John King, John MMullin, William Phillips, Thomas Burnside, Jones Irwin, John Ellis, and Henry Hart, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of the Commissioners herein nominated, (save and except the Representatives in lioneu. Parliament for the County and Borough of Sligo for the Time being, and the Provost and Burgesses for the said Borough for the Time being), or to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, shall die, or shall refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in such Case the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall at their First Meeting after such Death or R efufal shall be known to them, and they are hereby required to declare the said Vacancy, and to cause Notice to be given thereof by Advertisement in forne Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in the said Town, or otherwise, and thereby to appoint a Day and Place, not sooner than Fourteen Days from the Date of such Notice, for the supplying such Vacancy by the Election of a new Commissioner or Commissioners; and that at the Place and Day so appointed, the several Householders of the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof, whose Holdings within the said Town or Precincts thereof shall be of the annual V due of Twenty Pounds, shall and may meet, and such Idoufeholders who shall be present at such Meeting shall and may deft by Ballot, Torn among the House-holders of the said down and its Precincts, or Persons residing within Five Miles thereof, some Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying or refusing to act; and all and every Person or Persons so eh sted shall be,

and he and they is and are hereby vested with the fame Po vers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, as the Person or Persons in whose Room or Stead he or they shall be so elected was or were veiled with.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and so often as S‘xt«n of the

any of the Commissioners herein nominated, who now are Householders °a~

of the Town of Sligo aforesaid, or who shall, at the Time of their Election Hous h 'd s in Manner aforesaid, be Householders of the said 1'own, shall happen to ot Ulc Tuwn-die, or refuse to act in the ExecutE. of this Act, then and in such Case

the Commissioner or Commissioners to be Hefted in his or their Room or Stead shall be elected from among the Householders of the said Town or Precincts thereof, to the End that at all Time >: ever Sixteen of the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution (ex fiv of the Provost and Burgesses of the Borough of Sligo), shall be Houtchoiders of the said Town of Sligo aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons nomi- to

nated or elected a Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, (/.ive and forisca-except the Representatives in Parliament for the County and Borough of

Sligo for the Time being, and the Provost and Burgesses for the said

Mown

1092

nullification cf c

Oith.

Penalty for

a'liep, if II qualified.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

Town for the Time being), shall neglect to act in the Execution of this Act during the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months, then and in every such Case such Neglect shall be and be deemed to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person to be elected by such Householders in Manner aforesaid, ftuU bp capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of his acting be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Poflfession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real Freehold Ell ate lying within the said County of S'iga, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or be in the actual Possession of a beneficial. Freehold Lease of Premises lying within the County or Town of Sligo, of the annual Value of One hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Real or Personal Estate of the Amount ot Value of One thousand Pounds: Provided always, that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, except in administering the Oath hereinafter mentioned, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby required to administer to any other of the said Commissioners), until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following:

I A.B. do swear, That I am duly qualified to act as a Commissioner 1 in the Execution of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here recite the Title cf this ‘ Act] according to the Provisions and Directions of the said Act; and ‘ that I will truly and impartially, according to the bell of my Skill and ‘ Judgement, execute and perform the Powers and Authorities reposed

in me as a Commissioner in pursuance of the said Act.

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person so elected not being so qualified, or if any Person herein nominated or so elected, not having taken and subscribed the Oath aforesaid, shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Eifoign, Protection, or Wager of Eaw, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that uch Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

Commission-

VII. Provided also, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a if ’imereitad. Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, during such Time as he shall hold any Office or Place of Profit under the said Commissioners, or during Inch Time as he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contraft or Work to be done in pursuance of this Act; but it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sligo, to act as such in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, and to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons for the

io93

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

more certain Determination of the said Commissioners in any Matter relative to the Execution of this Act pending before the said Commissioners.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Meetings of and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and assemble in ^mimll‘0!1' the Court House of the said Town of Sligo, on the Fifth Tuesday after passing this Act, between the Hours of Twelve and Four in the Afternoon, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and shall and may then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet at the Place aforesaid (so as such Time do not interfere with any other publick Meeting or Business of the said Town or County of Sligo), or at any other convenient Place in the said Town or Precincts thereof, as they the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at such Meeting, shall appoint; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting of the said Commissioners a sufficient Number to act or to adjourn to another Day (Three Commissioners to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if they shall refuse or neglect to adjourn, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of the said Commissioners, shall and may call a Meeting at the Place where the last Meeting was to have been holden, by Notice in Writing to be affixed or put upon the Door of the Place of Meeting, or by publick Notice to be given by Advertisement in some publick Newspaper printed or circulated within the said Town, at lead Three Days before such Meeting; and that at all Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act the said Commissioners shall defray their own Expences.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Commissioners No A:> vsliil shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done Meeting, W. at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, except as may be herein excepted; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Commissioners, shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Commissioners present at such Meeting not being less than Seven; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such Commissioners present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Commissioners for the Time being slave and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Commissioners a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give thedecifive or calling Vote.

X. Provided always, That no Order made by the said Commissioners shall be revoked or altered unless at some Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Fourteen Days Notice shall be given as aforesaid, and in such Notice the Intention of such Meeting be declared, and unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend at such Meeting to revoke or alter the fame than were present to make such Order; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstandimr.

[Loc. G? Per.-] 12 X " XI. And

No Order to be revoked unless by a greater Number of Commissioners than made it.

i°94

Proceedings

to be entered*

Actions to be brought in the Names of the Treasurer or Clerk, or One of the commission-cis.

Commissioners may build or purchase a Koom for transacting publick Bufi-jiefs.

For appointing Officers.

43° GEORGII in Cap. 60.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution cf this Act, and of the Names of all such Commissioners as shall be present at their several Meetings and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Commissioners against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name of their Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Commissioners, on Behalf of the said Commissioners; and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whole Name the same shall be brought; but no such Clerk or Commissioner, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Cods or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money received by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, in case they shall think proper, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to rent for Lives or Years, ered, build, or purchase, or cause to be rented for Lives or Years, erected, built, or purchased, in such Part of the said Town, as they shall find most convenient, a proper Building with convenient Rooms therein, to be used by the said Commissioners for holding their several Meetings under this Acr, and for the several Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time as often as shall by them be deemed necessary, to let or fell such Building, and to rent or purchase another in lieu thereof for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that the said Commissioners shall not lay out and expend in such Building or Purchase more than the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or pay for the annual Rent of any such Building more than Fifty Pounds, out of the several Funds by this Act vested in the said Commissioners.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may at their First or any subsequent Meeting, appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, AlTcffor or Ash-ffors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and all'o such and so many Scavengers, Rakers, Cleanfers of the Highways, Streets, Lanes, Markets, and other publick Places and Passages in the said Town and Precincts thereof, and also such and so many Keepers and Lighters of Lamps, and such and so many Ballad Masters, Harbour Masters, and other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Acc, as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and from Time to Time remove him or them, and appoint others as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act may and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salary and Allowances to luck Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the

Execution

i°95

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6o.

Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds for any One Person; and the Lid Commissioners shall and are hereby required to take such Security (or the due Execution of their respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the Laid Commissioners shall think proper; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall dirtft, deliver to such Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed. and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same , and every such Clerk or other Officer shall, upon the First Friday in the Month of January in each and every Year, or at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners then nexc following (although not thereunto required by the said Commissioners), lay their several Accounts before the Lid Commissioners, in order that the fariie may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Accounts, or to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoinr, within Seven Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Aftt, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies, as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid such Commissioners may and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring; or caul'e to be brought, any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officets, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by ai Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cauL the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a luminary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnrfies upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hertby empowered to aciminister) it shall appear to such Julbce that any of the Monies thac shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may

and

1096 43° GEORGII III. Cap. Go:

and is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cau'e such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, or if it shall appear to such Justice upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Wit-ntffes upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer), that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath, any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not have delivered to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as shall have been appointed by them to receive the same, within Seven Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County of Sligo, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Compofnion in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners.

Persons em-

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Person SleyfoJmerder ant^ Pylons who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Money, as to ac- Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or other Things received by virtue

count. of tf,c said recited Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, relating to the said Port and Harbour of Sligo, or of the said recited Act, made in the Fortieth Year of the Regn of His present Majesty, shall account for the fame and every Part thereof, and shall deliver up the same to the Commissioners hereby appointed, in like Manner, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties, as the several Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, appointed by virtue of this Act are subject and liable to, for refusing or neglecting to pay any Money received by them by virtue of this Act, to the said Commissioners, or for refusing or neglecting to deliver up any Books, Papers, Writings, or Accounts relating to the Execution of this Act, to the said Commissioners.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be employed as a Clerk, Treasurer, or Collector, Receiver or Surveyor, Collector or Affefior, Ballast Master, Harbour Mailer, or Pilot, or any other Officer or Servant, who shall be anywise employed by the said Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Rates, Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as are directed by this Act, or as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relative to

putting

Officer taking any Fee or Reward besides his Sala-lary, GY.

1097

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

putting this Act into Execution, or shall anyways be concerned or inte-relied in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purpose of putting this Act into Execution, every such Person so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this Act, and shall over and above forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which said Suit no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for the several Purposes of paving, flagging, lighting, cleansing, watching, and improving the said Town and Precincts thereof, and regulating and establishing any Market or Markets therein, and raising and levying any Rate or Assessment for defraying the Charges and Expences of the fame, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, no Part or Parts of the Precincts of the said Town of Sligo shall be or be deemed to be within the Intent or Purview of this Act, save and except such Part or Parts of such Precincts as shall lie or be situate within the Distance of One Mile Irish Admeasurement, of a certain Spot in Market Street, on which a Building or Erection formerly flood, called ‘The Market Croft.

XVIII. And whereas a correct and accurate Map or Survey of the said Town of Sligo would be of great Utility to the said Commissioners; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to direct a true and accurate Survey and Admeasurement of the said Town of Sligo, and Precincts thereof, and a Map or Plan thereof to be made by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint for such Purpose or Purposes; and when such Survey, Admeasurement, Map, or Plan, shall have been made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to cause from Time to Time such Alterations to be made therein, as shall be by them deemed right and expedient, and such Map or Plan shall be kept in the Place of Meeting of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to erect or cause to be erected One or more Town Clock or Clocks, not exceeding Three Clocks in the Whole, within the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof, at such Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and from Time to Time to repair and maintain such Clock and Clocks, or any of them, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences of erecting, making, repairing, and maintaining such Clock and Clocks, shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to enter into any Contract or Contracts for paving, flagging, repairing, cleansing, or lighting the said Town of Sligo, and Precincts thereof, and for improving and cleansing the said Port and Harbour, and for erecting any Quay or Quays, Wharf or Wharfs, Dock or Docks, or for furnishing Materials, or any other Matters or necessary

\_Loc. & Per.] 12 T Things

What shall be deemed Precincts of the Town.

Map of the Town to be made.

Town Clockt to be erected.

Commission-eis may contract.

iogS

Contrails not to be entered into for more than Seven

Years.

Commissioners may compound with Persons for Breach of Contracts.

Contracts to be signed by the Commissioners.

Fot getting Materials to repair the Streets.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6d.

Things whatsoever, or for any Purpose or Purposes in Execution of this Act; but bdore arty such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into. Twenty-one Days Notice at the least shall be given, in iome One of the publick Newspapers printed or circulated in the said County of Sligo, or by causing such Notice to be affixed on Twelve or more conspicuous Places within the said Town of Sligo, or Precincts thereof, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, expreding the Purpose or Purposes of such Contract or Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons will, in to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in such No-ti e to be mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Contrailor for che due Performance of his or her Contrail.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no such Contract or Contracts shall be deemed good or valid, if the same shall have been made for a longer Space or Term than Seven Years from the Time of entering into such Contrail or Contrails.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons on Account of any Breach or Non-performance of such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage fullained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contrail or Contrails, and all Coils, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Contrail or Contrails shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be received or paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and also by the Person or Persons contrailing to perform such Works respectively; which Contrail or Contrails shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and to and for all such Persons as they shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away, any Beach, Stones, Flags, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, for making, paving, or repairing the several Quays, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof, out of or from any Common or Wade Ground, River, or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, near to the said Town of Sligo, without paying any Thing for the fame, the Person or Persons appointed by or ailing by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Person or Persons as aforesaid may, by Order of the said Commissioners (such Order to be made at some

Meeting

1099

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

Meeting of the faici Commissioners to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Person or Persons, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners) search for. cut, dig,

/get, gather, and take away, any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the fame may be had or found (such Land*, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making, paving, flagging, or repairing the several Quays,

Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, or any of them, within the said Town of Sligo or Precincts thereof, shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds as the said Commissioners shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Commissioners or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages.

XXV. Provided neverthekft, and be it enacted, That it shall not be Noticetobe lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons appointed by !° thef or acting under the Authority of the said Commissioners, to dig, gather,

get, take, or carry away, any Materials for making, paving, flagging. Land* before or repairing the several Quays, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, or bTuken" any of them, within the said Town of Sligo, or Precincts thereof, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, or other Person acting under the Authority of the said Commissioners shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Commissioners, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County,

City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Commissioners or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Commissioners or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Commissioners or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away any Beach, Stones, Flags, Gravel, Sand, or other Materiatriot Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of Order of

IIOO

Commissioners may pave,

efc.

Property of Pavement, and other Materials, vetted in the Commissioners.

43° GEORGII HE Cap. 60.

the said Commissioners in any Lands, Fields, Wade, or Grounds, Rivet or Brook, for the several Purposes of this Act, or shall get or take away any Gravel, Stones, Flags, or other Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Material* for the several Purposes of this Act before the Person or Persons so appointed or acting by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Four Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to pave and keep in Repair, or cause to be paved, flagged, and kept in Repair from Time to Time, or to enter into any Contraft for the paving, flagging, and keeping in Repair all or any Part or Parts of the Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, whether Foot or Carriage Way, within the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof; and for such Purposes may cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into the fame, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, such Gravel, Stones, Flags, and all other Materials as they shall judge necessary , and may likewise cause the Ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the Course of the Channels running in or through the same to be turned or altered, new Grates to the Common Sewers to be added or replaced, and in what Numbers and Places they shall think proper, or to be taken up and new laid in such Places, Manners, and Form as they shall judge best; and proper Drains to be made for conveying and conducting the waste Water from and through the said Town of Sligo and the Precincts thereof; and for that Purpose shall and may from Time to Time enter into and upon the Premises through which such Drains are to be made, and at their Costs and Charges from Time to Time enlarge, alter, or repair the fame, or any Part thereof, and may there have, take, and lay down, all such Materials which may be necessary for so doing, they committing no wilful Hurt or Spoil, and making full Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners thereof for all such Damage as shall there happen to be done; and also shall and may cause all or any Ports, Rails, Pales, or Trees in such Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, as they shall judge useless, or to be a Nuisance or Obstruction either to Foot Passengers or to Carriages, to be taken up and removed, and likewise all Steps, Bulks, Stalls, Dung Holes, Saw Pits, Shew Glasses, and Shew Boards encroaching upon the Footway, as also all Steps and Doors opening or leading from the Footway or Carriage Way into Vaults, Cellars, or other Places, to be removed, filled up, or altered, as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the Pavements, Flags, Stones, Bricks, Ports, Lamps, Carts, Horses, Iron Cranes, Machines, Engines, Timber, Furniture, and all other Materials and Things which shall be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby verted in the said Commissioners and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer, and order

and

nor

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

and direct the preferring of any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away all or any Part of such Materials or Things; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be and be deemed sufficient to Hate generally that the Article or Articles, Thing or Things, for or on Account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of the Commissioners for improving the Town and Harbour of Sligo, without particularly naming such Commissioners; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, injure, destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil any of the said Materials or Things, or of any of the Works done in pursuance of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, every Person so offending therein, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, before the Provost of the said Town, or in case of his Absence or Refusal before any Justice of the Peace for the said County, being a Commissioner under this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, over and above all Costs and Charges of restoring or repairing such Materials or Things so injured, damaged, or destroyed, to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Provost or Justice before whom such Conviction shall be made, and such Forfeiture shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no Goods or Chattels whereupon the fame can be levied, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Provost or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Person or Persons respectively to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for any Space not exceeding Three Calendar Months, to be reckoned from the Day of Commitment.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Property of all Stones, Flags, Posts, and all and every Part and Parts of the old Materials which shall belong to the old Pavement, as well of the Carriage as of the Foot* ways within the said Town and Precincts thereof, and all the Materials used in lighting the several Quays, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Town or Precincts thereof, or which shall have been purchased by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be vested in the said Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, and their Successors; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, by their Order, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of all or any Part or Parts thereof, to such Person or Persons who shall be willing to buy or purchase the fame, and to apply the Purchase Mon-y arising by such Sale to the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person or Persons to whom such Materials, or any Part or Parts thereof shall be fold, shall refuse or neglect to pay for the fame within Thirty Days after Sale thereof to him, her, or them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners io bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions for the Recovery of the Money due for such Materials so fold; in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed,

4 £Loc. ft? Per.1 12 7. XXX. Provided

Old Material!, ac. vetted in Commissioners.

1102

43° GEORG I.I III. Cap. 60.

ma* bear'd'5

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may may eut be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order ail or any of the said Materials to be made use cf in paving, flagging, or repairing or lighting any Quay, Hiehway, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place within the said Town or Precincts thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That during the Time any Highway, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, shall be new paving, flagging, or repairing, or any of the Grates, Drains, or other Sewers therein, shall be altering or repairing, the said Commissioners shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Highway, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, or Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, according to their Discretion, as also to flop the Way through that or any adjacent Highway, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, so long as they shall judge necessary} and all Persons acting under their Direction as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Prosecution or Action whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

pjjuimcu to an^ ^or ^e Commissioners, from Time to Time to appoint such

and Horse’ to and so many Paviours, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters, and be purchased, others, and also to purchase any Horses, Carts, Tools, and Implements,

as they shall judge necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power to purchase or rent Lands, so that no Lease be made for a longer Time than Thirty-one Years, within the said Town or the Pre-cinds thereof, for depositing of Stone and other Materials for the several Purposes of this Act, and for depositing Soil, Allies, Cinders, and Rubbish, and for Water Drains, in case they shall think proper so to do; and the Purchase Money or Rent thereof shall be paid out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, and the Property thereof shall be and is hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

rrected to be

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to make and ered, or cause to be made and erected, such and so many Pumps within the said Town of Sligo, and Precincts thereof, as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper, and from Time to Time to repair, alter, and maintain the fame, or cause the same to be repaired, altered, and maintained, and all the Colls, Charges, and Expences ,of making, erecting, repairing, altering, and maintaining the said several Pumps, shall be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

Brains not to

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall altered. alter or cause to be altered any Drain or Drains, Sewer or Sewers, or the Form of any of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places hereby directed to be paved or kept in Repair by the said Commissioners, or the Manner of the Pavement thereof, or shall in anywise encroach thereon, or put up any Poll or Polls, Step or Steps, or ered any Bulk or Bulks, Stall or Stalls, or any Building of any Kind whatsoever, so as

to

Land to be provided lor depositing Materials.

Where Materials for pav-: may be

ing maj lodged.

Paviours and Carters to be

iio3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. bo.

to be an Encroachment, or shall injure or damage any Pump or PumpSj or make any Dung Hole or Saw Pit in any of the said Highways, Streets,

Inures, Passages, or Places, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, over and above the Expences of again altering such Drain or Drains, Sewer or Sewers, Channel or Course, and of relaying and reinstating such Pavements, or taking down such Pods, Bulks, Stalls, or Buildings, or of repairing such Pump or Pumps, or filling up such Dung Holes or Saw Pits according to the Directions of such Commissioners.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ^£r"^h°* *' cause all Signs which now are, or at any Time hereafter shall be placed Form of the or hung in any Part or Parts of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, Paf- ^'removing lages, or Places, to be fixed and placed close to or on the Front of such obstruction*. Houses respectively whereunto the same shall belong; and shall and may cause all Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Ports, Penthouses, Spouts, Shop Windows, and (jellar Windows, or any other Windows, or other Encroachments or Obstructions, Projeftions or Annoyances, in or upon the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or any of them, to be removed or altered, in such Manner as they shall think fit; and shall and may cause all Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, and Penthouses, by proper and sufficient Gutters, Pipes, or Trunks, to be affixed on the Fronts or Sides of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or other Buildings, whereunto the fame belong, and to be brought down to the Pavement; and in case the Owner or Occupier of any Floufe, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building in the said Town or Precincts thereof, to which any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Port, Penthouse, Spout, Shop Window, or Cellar Window, or other Encroachment now or hereafter may belong, shall not, at the Costs and Charges of such Owner or Occupier,

(as the Case may be), within Ten Days after Notice in Writing shall be given to them respectively, or left at their respective Dwelling Houses, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, remove or alter every such Sign, Sign* Iron, Sign Port, Penthouse, Spout, Shop Window, Cellar Window, and other Encroachments and Annoyances, in such Manner as in such Notice shall be expressed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be done, and to levy or cause to be levied the Colls and Charges attending the fame, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner, Tenant, or Occupier of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building to which the fame may be attached or belonging, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Provost of the said Town, or in case of his Absence or Refusal, of any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act, rendering the Overplus, (if any), when demanded, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; or it shall and may be lawful to and for such Tenant or Occupier to fix up Pipes and Trunks of sufficient Length, and also to remove all such Annoyances, Projeftions, and Encroachments, and to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof, and also any Money which shall or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant or Occupier as aforesaid, out of his or her Rent; and every Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord, is hereby required to allow the fame accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein contained

H04- 43* GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable any Tenant tit Tenants for any Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years, whoseTertn remaining in his, her, or their Lease Or Leases, shall be equal to or exceed Ten Years, to make any such Deduction or Deductions Out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, for or on Account of any such Purposes a< aforesaid.

Commission- XXXVJT. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful

L'ndsPfor the* to an^ for 'he said Commissioners to contract and agree with the Owners

Act. and Proprietors for the Purchase of any Buildings, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, which they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary and proper to be purchased for the improving or widening any of the said Highways, Streets, Markets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, within the said Town or Precincts thereof, or for widening and improving the said Port and Harbour, or for making or erecting any Quay or Quays, Wharf or Wharfs, Dock or Docks thereto, or for erecting or making any Building or Buildings, or for any other the Purposes of this Act.

tick'V/c^em

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

powered to fell, and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunaticks and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Ce/iuique Truffs, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised in their own Right; and all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof which shall be thought necessary to be purchased for any of the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to (ell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons and their Heirs for ever, as the said Commissioners shall direct, in Trust for them the said Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. bo. 1105

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Proprie-for, or other Person or Persons interested in any Buildings, Lands, Te- treating for nements, or Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners shall judge f'uch Lands, necessary or proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Cor- compence. porations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall, by the Space of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice given or less as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises with the said Commissioners, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, or shall not within the before-mentioned Space of Twenty-one Days, produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the Premises, which they are or shall be in Possession of, and to the Interest which they claim therein to the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals to the Sheriff of the County of Sligo, commanding such Sheriff to impannel, summon, and return a Jury, and the said Sheriff is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twelve sufficient and indifferent Men, being Freeholders of the County of Sligo, qualified according to Law, to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Dublin, to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Fourteen nor more than Twenty-one Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff j and in case a sufficient Number of Persons qualified to serve as Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, (being so qualified as aforesaid), to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and every such Jury and Juryman shall be liable and subject to the fame Regulations, and *to the fame Pains and Penalties for Default, as if he and they had been returned for the Trial of any Issue jqined in any of His Majesty's Courts at Dublin; and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required by a Summons or Notice to be signed by any Two or more of the said Commissioners, either previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to summon and call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching the Matters in question, and to hear and examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the said Commissioners may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in question; which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners or any One of them is and are hereby empowered to administer) shall examine, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Te-[Loc. £sf Per.] ’ 13 A nements.

i 106

Compelling the Sheriff to fuiximoit the Jury.

By whom the Expences of the Jury to be paid.

Persons ab-(bnt, Commissioners to be charged with the Expences.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

nements, or other Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame; and the said Commissioners shall give judgement for such Purchase Monies or Recompence so to be assessed by such Jury; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons, and shall be entered in the Rolls Office of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, or any other Court; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Fifty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Act; or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined, or to give Evidence, every Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the said Commissioners, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessmenc for more Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as the Purchase Money, Recompence, or Satisfaction, for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, then the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County of Sligo, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment ot Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged: Provided always, that in all Caies where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, the Whole of such

Costs

iio7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application of or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- whreequai°to chafed, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Pur- *oo/. poses thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Directions and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, flanaing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in Government Securities; and in the mean Time and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed Application of or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ^nTe'JsVhan purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to w. and ex. any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or ceedmsJo/-Incapacity aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall be equal to or exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such

Cases

no8

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction Application or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery: Provided also, that Money w^ere such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before men-

than »o/. tioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

of Purchnfe1

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money to be Money, Pre- agreed for or assessed as aforesaid shall be paid out of the Monies to be mises to be received by virtue of this Act, to the Party or Persons respectively en-

convey , (0 such Monies, or their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or

in case of Refusal to accept the fame, or on leaving the fame in the Bank of Ireland, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively for whose Use the fame was paid, in, to, or out of such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners, for the only Uses and Purposes of this Act, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if every Person having an Estate in the said Premises had actually conveyed the fame by LSafe and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoff-ment with Livery and Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other legal Conveyance whatsoever; and such Payments shall not only bar all Right Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Use such Payment was made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail in Reversion or Remainder, and the Issue or Issues of such Person or Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as a Recovery or Fine would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

4 3° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on, or who shall have any Judgement or Judgements, or other Incumbrances upon or affecting any such Houses, Buildings, Erections, Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased in pu fuance of this Act, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall, on Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with Six Calendar Months Interest of the said Principal Money, by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, intmedi-.ately assign such Mortgage or Mortgages, Judgement or Judgements, or other Incumbrances, to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in Trull for them; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Judgement Creditor or Creditors, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, shall have Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, from the said Commissioners, or any Person authorized by them, that they will p^y off and discharge the Principal and Interest Money, which, at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, to be computed from such Notice given, shall be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, Judgement or Judgements, or other Incumbrances, that then, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment or Tender of the Principal and Interest Money so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Judgement Creditor or Creditors, or Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances, shall convey and assign his, her, and their respective Estates and Interests in the said mortgaged Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint in Trust for them; and if any fhch Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Judgement Creditor or Creditors, or other Person or Persons entitled to the said Incumbrances* his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do on such Tender or Payment, then all Interest on every such Mortgage, Judgement, and other Incumbrance, shall cease and determine.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Left" fee for a Year, or from Year to Year only, in Possession of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises immediately to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, in case the said Cortnnissioners, or such Persons authorized by them, shall pay or tender to him, her, or them Six Calendar Months Rent of the said Premises; or in case the said Commissioners shall give to him, her, or them Six Calendar Months Notice to quit Inch Possession, then such Person or Persons in Possession shall at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, or as footi after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to any Person authorized by the said Commissioners to take Possession thereof, in the Name of the said Commissioners; and that in case any such Person or Persons in Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give up such Possession as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County of Sligo aforesaid, commanding him, by virtue of this Act, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Per-\Loc. iVr.J 13 B fons

II09

Mortgagees to aHign, on Tender of Principal, and Six Calendar Monti s In-tertft etc.

Tenants to

give up the P 'fT-Hion of the Premises.

I 110

Fofm of Conveyance.

X

Names of Streets to be affixed up and Houses numbered.

Penalty on Persons not reftoi ing Numbers.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

foils as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the fame, in the Name of the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver such Poffdlion of the said Premises accordingly.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances of any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be made to the said Commissioners, and their Successors, shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (videlicet),

I A.B. of in Consideration of the

Sum of to me paid by the Commissioners

1 acting by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-third

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled ['here insert the c Title of this Act~\ Do hereby grant and release to the said Comtniffon-

ers and their Successors all [here describe the Premises to be conveyedJ and

all my Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Commissioners and their Successors for ‘ ever.

4 In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this 1 Day of in the Year of

our Lord

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance so made, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be painted or described in Stone or Wood, or otherwise, and to be affixed on a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of each of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Town of Sligo or Precincts thereof, the Name by which each respective Street, Lane, Passage, and Place is properly or usually called or known, and may also cause every House, Shop, and Warehouse in the same to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Numbers, or any Part or Parts thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Number or Numbers painted or put on any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Premises within the said Town or Precincts thereof, shall be defaced or rubbed out, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Premises, where the Number or Numbers shall have been so defaced or rubbed out, shall upon personal Notice given to him, her, or them, or upon Notice in Writing left at his, her, or their last or moll usual Place of Abode, by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or by such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, cause the fame Number or Numbers to be in the fame

IIII

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

fame or like Manner painted or put on such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Premises, within Ten Days after such Notice; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Order, every such Owner or Occupier shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall within any Highway, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place within the said Town of Sligo or Precincts thereof, throw, cart, or lay, or cause, permit, or suffer to be thrown, cast, or laid, any Ashes, Duff, Dirt, Rubbish, Offal, Dung, Soil, Filth, or other Annoyance; or shall set or place any Stall, Board, Basket, Wares, Merchandizes, Calk, or Goods of any Kind whatsoever, upon any of the Carriage or Footways, and shall not immediately remove the fame when required so to do by any Person or Persons whomsoever; or permit or suffer to remain any Stage Coach, Cart, Car, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, upon any of the Carriage Ways in any such Highway, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, other than in any publick Market or Markets (except for the necessary Time of loading or unloading any Cart, Car, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, or taking up or setting down Passengers, or harnefling or unharnefling the Horses or other Cattle from any Stage Coach, Carr, Car, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, or except such Waggon, Wain, Car, Dray, Cart, or other Carriage shall be standing for Hire by virtue of this Act), and shall not immediately remove the fame when required so to do by any Person or Persons whomsoever; or if any Person or Persons shall set or place, or cause to be set or placed in any of the Carriage or Footways, any Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, or other Materials or Things whatsoever, unless the same shall be inclosed as in and by this Act is directed, and shall not immediately remove the fame, being the reunto required by any Person whomsoever, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Provost of the said Town of Sligo for the Time being, or in his Absence or Refusal, to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act, upon View or upon Complaint made to him by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Warrant requiring such Offender or Offenders to appear before him at such Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified; and every such Offender or Offenders shall for every such Offence, being thereof duly convicted upon the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Provost or Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, to seize any such Stall, Board, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Stage Coach, Cart, Car, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, together with the Horle or Horses, or other Cattle, if any shall be thereunto belonging, with the Harness, Gears, and Accoutrements thereof, or any such Timber, or other Materials or Things aforesaid, and cause the same to be removed to such Place or Places as he or they shall judge convenient and proper, giving Notice to the Owner or other Person having any Interest in the Stall, Board, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Goods, Stage Coach, Cart, Car, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, Hoifes or other Cattle, Materials or Things so removed, if he, she, or they can be found, of the Place or Places whereunto the fame

Penalty on leaving Carriages, etc. in the Streets.

1112

Penalty for Anno) ante;.

Hoards to b* ere^ed.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. bo.

fame shall be so removed; and the same shall be there kept and detained, until such Owner or other Person interested therein as aforesaid, shall cause to be paid the said Penalty, together with the Charges of taking or removing the fame, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, or other Cattle (if any); and in case the Stall, Board, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Carriage, Horses or other Cattle, Materials or other Things, so removed shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within Five Days next after such Removal thereof, then it shall be lawful to and for the Provost of the said Town of Sligo, or in case of his Absence or Refusal, to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the same to be sold, and the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof on Demand, after deducting the said Penalty, and the Costs and Charges, and Expences attending such seizing, removing, keeping, and felling the fame; such Costs, Charges, and Expences, to be ascertained and allowed by such Provost or Justice of the Peace: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful, until a Market or Markets shall have been established in Manner herein after mentioned, to set or place any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, in such and the like Manner as if this Act had not been made r Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be confirmed to extend so as to prevent the Proprietor of the Tolls and Customs of the Fairs and Markets of the said Town of Sligo, to permit Good.-, Wares, and Merchandize, to be sold in such Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, on the usual and accustomed Days of holding Fairs and Markets within the said Town of Sligo.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall run, drive, carry, or place on any of the Footpaths or causeways in any of the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Town or Precincts thereof, any Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Truck, or Carriage whatsoever; or shall roll any Cask for the Space of Ten Yards; or wilfully ride, drive, lead, or place any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, on any of the Footpaths or causeways aforesaid; or shall kill, slaughter, singe, scald, dress, or cut up any Beast or Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places; or shall permit or suffer any Blood, Filth, or Annoyance whatsoever to run or drain from any Slaughter House, Soap House, Chandlery, Stable Yard, or Premises, into or upon any of the said Streets, Lanes, P.ffages, or Places; or shall hang up or expose to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any other Matter or Thing, upon any Shop Window or otherwise, io as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any of the said Footpaths or Carriage Ways, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall make any Mortar, or deposit any Bricks, Stones, Lime, Sand, or any other Materials for building or repairing any House, Shop, Ware-house, Coach House, Stable, or Tenement, or other Works, or for any other Purposes, or shall fist, screen, or flake any Lime (except within a Hoard or Inclosure to be erected for those Purposes) in any

Highway,

m3

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

Highway, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place within the said Town or Precincts thereof, or cause the same to be done, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall suffer any Sort of Swine to stray or wander about any of the Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places within the said Town or Precincts thereof, every such Person shall for each Head of Swine forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Four Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commi(TioDers to seize and detain the fame until such Penalty shall be paid; and in case the said Penalty shall not be paid within Five Days after such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Provost of the said Town, or in case of his Absence or Refusal, to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act, to order such Swine, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to be sold; and the Overplus of the Monies arising by such Sale shall be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof on Demand, after deducting the said Penalty, and the Costs and Charges of seizing, detaining, and felling the same.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be built or new fronted in the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, or any of them, shall be erected perpendicular from the Foundation; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times build or cause to be built a new Front otherwise than perpendicularly from the Foundation, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be pulled down and removed, the Costs and Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed to the said Commissioners, or to their Order, by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time and at any Time or Times hereafter, to purchase, provide, affix, set up, alter, take down, and renew, such and so many Lamps, of such Sizes and Sorts, in such Places, and in such Manner as they shall think fit, and also to contract with any Person or Persons for lighting the said Lamps, and to cause the same to be lighted at such Seasons of the Year, and in such Hours of the Evening, and to continue burning for as many Hours, as shall to them seem necessary or proper for the well and sufficiently lighting of all or any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Town and Precincts thereof.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order and direct Lamp Irons to be put or affixed against the Walls of all or any of the several Houses or Tenements within the said Town and Precincts thereof, or in such Manner and in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall think proper and convenient; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully take away, break, throw down, or damage any Lamp that shall be set up for the Purposes \Loc. & Per.] 13 C ot

Swine not to itray in the Streets, etc-

Projeflions to be avoided.

Lamps to be ftt up.

Lamp Irons to be affixed against Walls, etf.

1114

Persons accidentally damaging Lamps, etc. to make Satisfaction, etc\

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

of enlightening any of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or throw down or damage the Irons or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, as also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before the Provost of the said Town of Sligo for the Time being, or, in case of his Absence or Refusal, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act; and such Provost or Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses, who shall appear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence, (which Oath the said Provost or Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Lamp or Lamp Iron so broken, thrown down, and damaged, or for every Light so extinguished as aforesaid, and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Provost or Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Sligo, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps hung out or set up by Order of the said Commissioners, or the Irons or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Provost of the said Town of Sligo for the Time being, or in case of his Absence or Refusal to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act, upon Complaint to him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as aforesaid j and upon hearing the Allegations and Proofs on both Sides, or Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Satisfaction to the Owner of such Lamp or Lamps, or to the said Commissioners, as the Case shall be, for such Damages as such Provost or Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within Five Days after Demand, to cause the same to be levied as Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be levied.

i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60. 1115

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners at any Meeting to appoint what Number of a c 111 Watchmen they shall judge necessary to patrole and guard the said Streets,

Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof, and shall appoint such honed and able-bodied Men to be employed in that Service as they shall think bed qualified for the fame; and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct and set down commission. in Writing at what Stands the said Watchmen shall be placed, in what Manner and how often it is required of them to go their Rounds, how Ceming the y ought to be armed; how long they are to watch; what Wages and Watchmen, Allowances shall be given to them for their Attendance, and all such other Orders and Regulations for the Government and Direction of the Watchmen, and for the due Execution of this Adf, as they shall think proper; and if any of the said Watchmen so appointed as aforesaid shall die, or shall be negligent in his or their Duty, or guilty of any Mil-behaviour, or if it shall be found necessary to repeal, amend, or alter any of the said Nominations, Orders, and Regulations, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to nominate and appoint One or more Person or Persons, fitly qualified, in the Room and Stead of him or them so dying, and to displace him or them who shall be guilty of Neglect of Duty or Misbehaviour, and to impose any Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Neglect or Misbehaviour, f such Fines to be dedudfed out of his or their Wages or Allowance); and also to make such further Orders and Regulations for the better Government and Direction of the said Watchmen as they shall think proper.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and watchmen* for the said Watchmen, or any of them, and they are also hereby autho- £°"er rized and required, in their several Stations, during the Time of their u y’ keeping Watch and Ward as aforesaid, to apprehend and detain in the Watch House, or any other Place of Security within the said Town or Precincts thereof, any Malefactors, Rogues, Vagabonds, or other disorderly Persons, whom they shall find disturbing the Peace, or have just Cause to fuspect of any evil Designs, and to carry him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, before the Provost of the said Town of Sligo for the Time being, or in case of his Absence or Refusal, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of Victuallers a Publick House or Cellar shall knowingly and willingly harbour or watchmerT entertain any Watchman employed by the said Commissioners, or permit etc. to be in or suffer any such Watchman to remain in such his or her Publick House or Cellar during any Part of the Time appointed for their being on Duty Hourfof as aforesaid, every such Victualler or Keeper of a Publick House or Duty-Cellar shall for the First Offence, being thereof duly convicted, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Second and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commission-and for the said Commissioners to give such Rewards in Money to Watch- e^r^ay re" men as may be disabled, wounded, or hurt in the Execution of their ,iens a 1 Duty, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, such

Money

1116

nd may build Watch-houses mnd Watch, boxes.

Rules for cleaning the Streets.

Commissioners may direct the Streets to be cleansed*

For preventing A flies being taken away by any Person but the Contractor.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

Money to be paid out of any Money to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to build and keep in Repair, or cause to be built and kept in Repair, any Watch-house or Watch-houses, and also any Number of Watch-boxes, as they from Time to Time shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall take down or remove any such Watch-box, without the Consent of the said Commissioners at any Meeting, or shall wilfully break or damage any such Watch-box, every such Person shall for every such Offence, being thereof duly convicted before the Provost of the said Town of Sligo for the Time being, or in case of his Absence or Refusal, before any justice of the Peace for the said County, being a Commissioner under this Act, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons inhabiting within the said Town of Sligo or Precincts, (nail, from and after the First Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held after the passing of this Act, sweep and cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot Paths across the Channel within the said Town or Precincts thereof, before or on the Sides of their respective Houses, Ware-houses. Shops, Stables, Walls, or other Buildings, Once in every Day, from the First Day of April to the First Day of October, before the Hour of Nine in the Forenoon, and from the First Day of October to the First Day of April, before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying, for every Offence or Neglect, any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons, and to purchase any Cart or Carts, Car or Cars, or other Carriage or Carriages, and also any Horse or Horses, for the Purpose of cleansing the several Highways, Streets, Markets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof, and of carrying away the Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, from any House or Houses, or other Premises within the same, or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to contract with any Person or Persons for cleansing the fame, and for carrying away the Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, from any House or Houses, or other Premises within the same.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, other than the Person or Persons employed by or contrafting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the several Streets, Lanes, Pillages, and Places within the said Town of Sligo, or the Person or Persons employed by or acting under the Direction of such Contraftor or Contractors, shall, on any Pretence whatever collect, gather, receive, or carry away, any Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Allies, from any Highway, Street, Market, Lane, Passage, or Place, within the said Town of Sligo or Precincts thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Provost of the said Town for the Time being, or, in case of his Absence or Refusal, to and

iriy

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

for aiy Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act, upon Complaint to him made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him such Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be specified, or for any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages or Implements made use of for carrying away the fame; and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convtty him, her, of them, before such Provost or Justice, and such Provost or Justice shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath, the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, or any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be convicted of collecting, gathering, receiving, or carrying away any Duff, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, from any Highway,

Street, Market, Lane, Passage, or Place, within the said Town of Sligo or Precincts thereof, not being the Person or Persons so employed by or contrafting with the said Commissioners, or acting under his or their Authority, he, she, or they, shall respectively for the First Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, for the Second Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and for the Third and every subsequent Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Markets to be to and for the said Commissioners, by and with the Content of the maJe' Owner or Owners of the Tolls and Customs of the Fairs and Markets of the said Town of Sligo, expressed in Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to appoint any Place or Places within the said Town or Precincts thereof as a publick Market or Markets for the Sale of Butchers Meat, Fiflr, Fowl, and Vegetables, and to erect or cause to be erected, therein such and so many Stalls, Shambles, and other Conveniencies therein as to them shall seem proper, and to let the same to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to hire the fame; and when such Market or Markets shall have been so appointed, and furh Stalls, Shambles, and other Conveniencies erected, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause written or printed Notices thereof to be given, by affixing the fame on the Church, Chapel, CourfHouse, and such other publick Places in the said Town and Precincts thereof as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper; and if Penalty for any Person or Persons shall, after the Expiration of One Month after McuToSais the affixing such Notices in Manner aforesaid, sell or expose to Sale any elsewWe Butchers Meat, Fifti, Fowl, or Vegetables on the Pavement or Flagging Market.'1* in any Highway, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place within the said Town or Precincts thereof, other than in such Market or Markets so appointed for lei ling or exposing to Sale such Butchers Meat, Fish, Fowl, and Vegetables, then and in every such Case every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, on being convicted thereof before the Provost of the said Town of Sligo for the Time being, or, in case of his Absence or Refusal, before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which [loc. ft? Per.~\ 13 D Oath

1118

Per Tons may le 1 But hei$ Meat w t in llic*r Shops, eic.

How yeaily Aoplotme its fti.iI be rmde for Sums to be P vied on In habitants, for Purposes cf this Act, etc.

43° GEORGII 111. Cap. bo.

Oath such Provost or Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer).

L-XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons from felling or exposing to Sale any Butchers Meat, Fish, Fowl, or Vegetables, in his, her, or their Shop or Shops, or other Building or Buildings: Provided also, thac nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right or Rights to any Toll or Tolls that any Person or Persons whol'oever shall have or enjoy, for or in respect of any Markec or Markets to be holden within the said Town of Sligo or Precincts thereof, nor to alter or change the Day or Days appointed by Law for hold, ing or keeping any Market or Markets within the said Town of Sligo or Precincts thereof.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall yearly and every Year direct and appoint the Sum to be raised and levied within the Year, on the Inhabitants of the said Town and Precincts, for the Purpose of defraying the Expence of paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and improving the said Town and Precincts, and shall also nominate and appoint Seven of the Inhabitants of the said Town, not being Commissioners acting in Execution of this Act, to be Applotters, and that the said Applotters, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby required to value and estimate the yearly Value of the several Lands, Dwelling Houses, Mills, Out Houses, Offices, Cellars, Stables, Gardens and Yards, situate, lying, and being within the said Town and the Precincts thereof, together with such new Houses, Out Houses, and other Premises, as shall be from Time to Time hereafter built, erected, or established within the said Town, and to applot the Money to be raised and paid for the teveral Purposes aforesaid by a proportionable Poundage, according to the real and actual Value at which such Houses and other Premises shall be valued, specifying in such Applotment the Names of the different Persons inhabiting or possessing the fame, subject and liable to pay the fame; and that each of the said Applotter shall, previous to his acting as an Applotter, take and subscribe an Oath (or foleinn Affirmation if of the People called Quakers') before the Provost: of the said Town, that he will, according to the bed: of his Skill, Abilities, and Knowledge, faithfully and impartially, without Favour or Affection, Malice or Ill-will to any Person or Persons whomsoever, applot the said Sums so to be applotted as aforesaid; and if any of the Applotters so to be appointed pursuant to this Act, shall neglect, omit, or refuse to take the Oaths or Affirmation hereby required to be taken by each of the said Applotters or shall happen to die before the said Applotters, or any Five or more of them, shall have made the aforesaid Applotments, such Neglect, Refusal, or Omission, or Death, shall not invalidate the Applotments made or to be made by the others of the said Applotters, or any Five or more of them, but the same shall be good and valid; and the said Applotments, in Ten Days after the same shall be so made, shall be returned to the said Conimiffimiers or the proper Officer by them appointed to receive the same in Writing, signed

I [ ig

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6a.

son who shall be appointed an Applotter pursuant to this Act, and shall neglect, omit, or refuse to take upon hint the said Office, or undertaking the fame, shall neglect or omit the Execution thereof, or of any Part thereof, or shall neglect, omit, or refuse to return the Applotments to be made by him or them as aforesaid, in such Manner and within such Time as is hertin-before directed, or shall without reasonable Cause neg-Jest or omit for the Space of Forty-eight Hours after being served with a Summons in Writing, signed by the Provost of the said Town, to appear before the said Provost, and to take the Oath or Affirmation hereby required, or shall neglect or omit for Twenty Days after the Majority of the Applotters appointed pursuant to this Act shall have taken the Oath or Affirmation, to make the aforesaid Applotments pursuant to this Act, then and in every such Case each and every One of the said Applotters so offending, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, the same to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand arid Seal of the Provost of the said Town of Sligo, to be issued for that Purpose to the Constable of the said Town, or other proper Officer or Officers, and to be applied in Manner herein-after directed; and if it shall happen that no such Applotment as herein directed shall be made by the said Applotters, or any Five or more of them, within One Calendar Month after the said Applotters shall have been appointed pursuant to this Act, then and in every such Case each and every of the said Applotters shall from the End of such Month forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day until the said Applotment shall be made and returned to the said Commissioners, or proper Officer by them appointed to receive the same, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Applotter, by and under such Warrant as aforesaid, and to be applied in Manner herein-after directed.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, after the annual Value of the several Houses, Buildings, Mills, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate and being within the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof, shall have been ascertained in Manner aforesaid, to rate, assess, and charge all such Houses, Buildings, Mills, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate within the said Town of Sligo or Precincts thereof, with an annual Rate or Assessment not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, according to the annual Value thereof.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause publick Notice to be given by Advertisement in a publick Newspaper printed or circulated in the said Town, or by causing such Notice to be affixed on Twelve or more conspicuous Places within the said Town and Precincts thereof, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, FourteenDays at the least before such Rate or Assessment shall be confirmed by the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hear any Person or Persons interested in any Rate or Assessment, or any Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, who shall object to any such Rate or Assessment; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they hereby have fullPower and Authority to amend any such Rateor Assessment,

Fates to be levied.

Rates may amended.

i

1120

Houses under 5 /. not to be rated.

Land rot built on not to be rated.

Rates to be collected.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6o.

in case it shall appear that any Person or Persons shall have been rated or act'effect too much or too little, and also to insert or (hike out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who ought or ought not to have been rated or assessed; and all such Rates or Assessments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, in which Book or Books there shall be separate Columns; One Column for the Arrears Handing out the preceding Year; One other Column for the Names of the several Persons to be charged in the said Rates or Assessments; One other Column to contain the whole Sum charged and assessed upon such Persons respectively; and One Column for the Arrears standing out and unpaid at the End of the Year, in order to be carried on to the next succeeding Year; and such Rate or Assessment shall commence on the First: Day of August after the passing of this Act.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Commissioners to rate or assess any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Houses, Buildings, Mills, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, the annual Value whereof shall be less than the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXXII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Commissionets to rate or assess any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Field, Park, Meadow, or Holding, used for grazing or Tillage, Gardens excepted.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Rates or Assessments shall have been made and confirmed by the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to caui’e the same to be collected and received, as soon as may be, of and from the Person or Persons respectively on whom the same shall be respectively rated, charged, or assessed; and shall and may as soon as may be after inch Rates or Assessments shall be made and confirmed as aforesaid, issue their Order to the Collector or Collectors appointed by them for that Purpose for the Time being, requiring them jointly or severally to collect and receive the same; and such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby ordered and required to collect and receive the respective Sums ol Morey expressed and contained in such Rate or Assessment accordingly, within Two Calendar Months from the Date thereof, Duplicates of which Assessments, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, shall be delivered, together with the said Order, to each of the said Collectors, and such Collector or Collectors to whom any Order or Orders from the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time be directed, shall obey and execute the fame in all Respects whatsoever; and the said several Collectors (hull, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay the Money so collected and received by virtue of this Act, when and i'o olten as he or they shall have collected the Sum of Ten Pounds, to the Clerk or Treasurer acting under the said lorn mi (lionets, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied ior the (Jles and Purposes of this Act; and Rich Collector or Collectors shall, and lie and they is and are hereby required, at the Time of making every such Payment, to deliver to the Person or Persons

empowered

11 21

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6o.

empowered to receive the same, a true and exact Copy or Duplicate of the Rate or Assessment whereby the fame was collected, together with an Account thereof, aiu^also of all and every Stun and Sums of Money rated or assessed in such Rates or Assessments as shall remain uncolledted, together with the Reasons why the same shall not have been collected, in order that it may appear whether the Non-payment hath happened through the Insolvency of the Parties rated, or through the Default of the Collector or Collectors.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective renin-to Tenants in Possession, or Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, Mills, Gardens, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Town and Precincts their Rent*, thereof, who shall be rated by this Act, are hereby required to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to the Collector or Collectors of the said Commissioners, as shall be rated upon such Houses, Buildings, Mills, Tenements, and Hereditaments: Provided always, that in case such respective Tenants or Occupiers are Lodgers by the Week or Month, (but not otherwise), they their respective Executors and Administrators, are hereby empowered todedudl and retain, out of their respective Rents, such Sum or Sums of Money as they respectively shall pay for or on Behalf of the Owner or respective Owners of such Premises respectively, which Sum or Sums of Money so paid, shall be considered as Money actually paid for Rent due or to become due to such Owner or respective Owners, who shall allow the Deduction upon the Receipt of the Remainder of his, her, or their Rent or respective Rents.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall re- P-ifons quit-move out of or from, or quit the Possession of any House, Building, Mill,

Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, before the Rate or Assessment ject to the charged thereon by virtue of this Act shall be paid, or if any Person shall of

enter into the Occupation of any House, Building, Mill, Garden, Tene- the Tima of ment, or Hereditament, out of or from which any other Person shall have so removed before Payment of the said Rate or Assessment, or which at a e mc" the Time of rating or assessing the same as aforesaid, shall be empty or unoccupied, then the Person so removing out of or from, or quitting the Possession, and the Person entering into the Occupation of any such House, Building, Mill, GarJen, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall be respectively liable to the Payment of the Rate or Assess'ement in Proportion to the Time such Persons possessed or occupied the fame respectively, in like Manner as if the Person so removing or quitting as aforesaid, had remained in the Possession and Occupation of such House, Building,

Mill, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, or the Person so entering into the Occupation thereof, had been originally rated or assessed; which Proportion i in case of Difpuie) shall be ascertained by any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County or Town of Sligo.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Inha- On Refusal to bitants or Occupiers, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, 5$*eKto-°W Lessor or Lefifors, Leifee or Lessees of any House, Building, Mill, Garden, vered. Tenement, or Hereditament within the said Town or Precincts thereof, and herein made liable to pay the Rate or Assessment made, laid, and af-\_Loc, & Per.] 13 E sessed.

1122

CommifPon-4r( to license Carts, tic.

Penalty on driving Cart* without a Licence;

or acting a* Porters.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. bo.

fefieii, by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, and all Arre vs due chereon, within Twenty-one Days after personal Demand made thereof by the said Culleftor or Co leftors, or in Writing, signed wi'h the Name or Names of the said Colhftoror Collectors, and left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, to colltft and levy such Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Provost of the said Town for the Time being, or in case of his Absence or Refusal, of any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County or Town of Sligo, being a Comtnif-honer under th s Act, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or retufing, which shall be found either in the said Town or Precincts thereof, or in any other County, City, or Liberty (such Warrant being full backed or countersigned by some Magistrate for the County, City, ot Liberty where the Distress is to be made, which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign without Fee or Reward); and if within Eight Days next after such Distress shall be made, the said Rate or Assessment, together with all Arrears due thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the lame, the said Collector or Collectors shall cause the said Goods to be appraised and fold, or such Part thereof a* shall be fufheienc to pay the said Rate or Assessfment, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, and of keeping and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owntr or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively.

u . llrrf' . n . , pL . rjx- cVi

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, to license such and so many Waggons, Wains, Cars, Drays, Carts, and other Carriages, as to them shall fecra right and proper, to ply or be kept for Hire, for the Purpose of carrying or conveying Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and of her Matters anil Things within the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof; and also from Time to Time to license such and so many Persons who shall be willing or desirous of acting as Porters for Hire for the carrying of Burthens within the said Town and Precincts thereof, as to them the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, for each and every such Licence by them granted for each and every Waggon, Wain, Car, Dray/Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Two Sh'H.igs and no more; and for each and every such Licence by them granted to each and every Person to be employed as a Porter, the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and such respective Sums when paid, shall be applied for the Purpose of paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching the said Town; and if any Person or Persons shall after the First Day of August next, ply or let fur Hire, or carry or convey any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or other Matter or 1 hing, in any Waggon, Wain, Car, Dray, Cart, or other Carriage for Hire within the said Town or Precincts thereof, not so licensed by the said Commissioners,

then

1123

43° GEORGII III. Cap. bo.

then and in every such Case every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; or if any Person or Personfc shall after the First Day of August next, aft as a Porter for Hire, or carry any Burthen for Hire within the said Town or Precincts thereof, not being licensed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commission-to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, to appoint fjch stand/STthe Stand or Stands for all such Waggons, Wains. Cars, Drays, and other Cart*. Carriages, and for the Carmen or Drivers thereof to stand and ply for Hire within the said Town and Precincts thereof, as to them the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper; and if any Person or Persons shall (land and ply for Hire in any other Place or Places than so appointed as a Stand or Stands with any Waggon, Wain, Car, Dray, Cart, or other Carriage, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That each and every such Waggon, Cirtstobe Wain, Car, Dray, Cart, and other Carriage, so used or kept for Hire, BUmber':d shall have the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof, painted in White Letters on a Black Ground, each Letter being at lead One Inch in Length on One Side thereof, or on such other Part or Parts as the said Commissioners shall direct, and shall have such Number or Numbers as the said Commissioners shall direct, painted in White on a Black Ground, each Number not being less than One Inch in Length on One Side thereof, or in such other Part or Parts as the said Commissioners shall direct; and if any Person or Persons shall (land or ply with or let for Hire, within the said Town or Precincts thereof, any such Waggon, Wain, Car, Dray, Cart, or other Carriage, not so painted as aforesaid, or having such Name or Names, or Number or Numbers painted thereon, or any Part or Parts thereof not clear and legible, every such Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Porte?.to to and for the said Commissioners to order and direct what Badge or ben. °m" Number each and every Porter so licensed shall cany or wear, and in what Part of the Body such Badge or Number shall be carried or worn; and if any Person or Persons shall ply, or aft as a Porter or Porters within the said Town or Precincts thereof, not carrying or wearing such Badge or Number, or not carrying or wearing the fame on such Part of the Body so appointed by the said Commissioners, or shall alter or deface, or suffer to be altered or defaced the fame, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful p^ss to and for the said Commissioners to fix and ascertain the several Rates or ’

Fares to be paid for the Use of every such Waggon, Wain, Car, Dray,

Cart, or other Carriage, for carrying and conveying Good*, Wares, or

Merchandize,

1124.

Penalty ort Carmen ind Porters refuting to be employed,

Provision for l'ecui ing the Fare of Carters and Wages of Porters.

43.® GEORGII III. Cap. 60:

Merchandize, and other Matters and Thing*, within the said Town and Precincts thereof, and all'o to fix and ascertain the Wages to be paid to all such Persons as shall be employed as Porters within the said Town and Precincts thereof, and from Time to Time to advance, lower, vary, or alter such Rates, Fares, and Wages or any of them, as to them the said CommiUioners shall feetn right and proper; ami when and as often as such Rates, Fa'es, and Wages, or any of them, shall be fixed, ascertained, advanced, lowered, varied, or altered by the said CommiUioners, the same shall from Time to Time be painted upon a Table or Tables, Board or Boards, which Table or Tables, Board or Boards, shall be fixed in such conspicuous Place or Places within the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof, as to the said CommiUioners shall feein right and proper; and such Table or Tables, Board or Boards when so affixed, shall be and be deemed to be full and conclusive Notice of all such Rates, Fares, and Wages, to all Persons whomsoever.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Driver of, or other Person attending any Waggon, Wain, Car, Dray, Cart, or other Carriage, Handing or plying for Hire, lo licensed as aforesaid, dial) refuse to carry or convey any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or other Matter or Thing, within the said down of Sligo and Precincts thereof, when applied to by any Person or Persons whomsoever to tarry or convey the fame, or if any such Owner, Driver, or other Person, or Porter so licensed as aforesaid, shall demand or take any greater or larger Rate, Fare, or Wages than such Rate, Fare, or Wages as aforesaid, so fixed and ascertained by the said CommiUioners, and of which such No ice shall have be-n given as aforesaid; or shall in anywise insult or otherwise misbehave himself or themselves, to any Person or Persons whomsoever hiring or employing him or them, or if the Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Car, Dray, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not duly attend the lame, or shall load any Timber or Iron across the fame, so as such Timber or Iron shall project beyond the Wheels on either Side thereof, or shall ride on the Shafts, or in or on any Part of such Waggon, Wain, Car, Dray, Cart, or other Carriage, without Reins, or on any of the Horses or Cattle drawing the fame, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, in case they shall think fit, to take away and revoke any Licence or Licences so granted for any Waggon or Waggons, Wain or Wains, Car or Cars, Dray or Drays, Cart or Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, or to any Porter or Porters.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or nelgled to pay on Demand to the Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Car, Dray, Cart, or other Carriage so licensed as aforesaid, or to any Porter or Porters so licensed as aforesaid, the Money justly due to him or them for his or their Labour or Service, according to the Rates, Fares, and Wages so ascertained and fixed as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Provofi of the said Town of Sligo, or in case of his Absence or Refusal to act, to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act, upon Complaint made to him, to grant a Summons ag,aini> the Person or Persons complained of, to appear before him at some Time and 5 Place

1 1 2 j

43° GEORGII III. Cap. to

Place to be mentioned in such Summons, to answer the Matter of such Complaint; and on Proof on Oath of the Service of such Summons, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Provost or Justice to proceed in and to hear the Matter of such Complaint, whether the Person i'ummoned shall appear 6r not, and to make such Order therein as to such Provost. or Justice shall seem meet; and if the Person or Persons a pain ft whom such Order shall be made, shall not immediately pay down the Money {if any) which shall be ordered, as a Satisfaction to the Person or Persons for the Service done, and such further Sum for the Loss of Time thereby occasioned to the Complainant or Complainants, as to the said Provost or Justice shall seem meet, the fame may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Provost or Justice, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the , Costs and Charges of making and felling such Distress and S-.le, shall be returned to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Money

aforesaid shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Provost or Justice to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Corredh’on for the County of Sligo, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Forty Days, unless such Money shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful l°

to ami for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to alter, extend, enlarge, and improve, or cause to be extended, enlarged, or improved, the present Quay of the said Town, and to erect and make, or cause to be erected and made, any new or additional Quay or Quays, as near as conveniently may be to the said Town, and One or more graving or floating Dock or Docks, and also any Wharf or Wharfs, and from Time to Time to maintain and keep in Repair or cause to be maintained and kept in Repair the fame or any of them.

LXXXV!. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to be mail*, cause an accurate Survey to be taken, and Map or Plan to be made of the said Port and Harbour, and from Time to Time to cause any other Survey or Surveys to be taken, and Map or Maps, Plan or Plans to be made as to them shall seem right and proper, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of taking such Survey and Surveys, and making such Map and Maps, Plan and Plans shall be paid out of any Monies to be collected as Duties on any Ship or Vessel entering the said Port and Harbour by virtue of this Act.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful ^>"^ltr‘on" to and for the said Commissioners to cleanse and deepen, or cause to be cleansed and deepened, the said Port and Harbour, and to put down H»rboui'. or cause to be put down Moorings, and to erect or cause to be credted any Beacon or Beacons for improving the Navigation of the said Port and Harbour, and for the Safety of the Shipping resorting thereto, and from Time to Time to aiter, repair, or remove such Moorings, or Beacon or Beacons, or any of them, by such Ways and Means as to them shall seem proper.

\_Lcc. fc? Per.'] 13 F

1126

Commission-ei's to deepen the River Garwogt*

Quay, Lands, and Works belonging to the fa use, veited in the Commission* trz&c.

Warbmir

Duties*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered tocleanfeand deepen, or cause to be cleansed and deepened, the River Garwoge, from a certain Place called Buckley's Ford to the Turf Quay, by and with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Mills of Sligo, expressed in Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and by and with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Fishery at Sligo, expressed in Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from ajndafrer the passing of this Act, the Right and Property of and in all Land and Beach to be purchased by the said Commissioners, and the present Quay or Quays, and all and every new or additional Quay and Quays, Dock and Docks, Wharf and Wharfs, and all Timber, Iron Work, Wood, Stone, and other Materials which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and the Property of all and every the Works to be erected in and about the Port and Harbour in pursuance of this Act, shall belong to, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for the Time being, who are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Action or Actions to be brought, or any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred, as the Case shall require, again!! any Person or Persons who shall Heal, take, or carry away, detain, demolish, destroy, break down, or injure any Part or Parts thereof; and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time have full Power to sell and dispose of all or any Part of such Materials that shall be found useless, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase (he fame, and the Money to arise therefrom shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

>1C. And, for defraying the several Colls and Charges of cleansing the said Port and Harbour, and of erecting and maintaining the several Works thereunto belonging, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to receive the several Duties herein-after mentioned Cover and above any Sum or Sums of Money that shall be paid for Ballast in Manner herein-after directed), for and in respect of every Ship or Vessel entering the said Port and Harbour of Sligo; (that is to lay).

For every Ship or Vessel which shall bond fide belong to or be the Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence for every Ton Burthen of such Vessel, for each and every Time that such Ship or Vessel shall enter the said Port and

Harbour:

For every Ship or Vessel that shall not belong to or be the Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Nine-pence for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, for each and every Time that such Ship or Vessel shall enter the said Port and Harbour:

For every Coalting Ship or Vessel, the Sum of Three-pence for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, for each and every Time that such Ship or Vessel shall enter the said Port or Harbour:

And

1127

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6o.

And every such Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid by the Master or other Person having the Command of the Ship or Vessel so entering the fa'rd Port and Harbour to the Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for receiving and collecting the same.

sn: '

XCI. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel entering the Paid Port and Harbour of Sligo, shall be ascertained either by the Regiffry thereof, or by the outward gauging thereof, as it shall seem best to the said Commissioners, or by the Person or Persons appointed by them for collecting the said several Duties on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons acting by virtue or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, to outward gauge every such Ship or Vessel as shall enter into the said Port and Harbour of Siigo.

XCII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing here-in contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Commissioners to demand or take any of the aforesaid Duties on Tonnage for or in respect of any Boat, Smack, Cot, Gabbard, Lighter, or Wherry which shall not have been registered, and which shall be usually employed in the said Port and Harbour, or any Part thereof; but it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners to demand and take from the Owner or Proprietor of every such Boat, Smack, Cot, Gabbard, Lighter, or Wherry, exceeding the Burthen of Three Tons, and not exceeding Ten Tons, the Sum of Five Shillings for a Licence, and the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Annum during such Time as- such Boat, Smack, Cot, Gabbard, Lighter, or Wherry shall be employed in the said Port and Habour; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to demand and take from the Owner or Proprietor of every such Boat, Smack, Cot, Gabbard, Lighter, or Wherry, exceeding Ten Tons, the Sum of Ten Shillings for a Licence, and the Sum of Five Shillings per Annum during such Time as such Boat, Smack, Cot, Gabbard, Lighter, or Wherry shall be employed in the said Port and Harbour; and every such Licence shall be and be deemed a perpetual and not an annual Licence; and the Tonnage of every such Boat, Smack, Cot, Gabbard, Lighter, or Wherry, shall and may be ascertained by the said Commissioners by such Ways and Means as to them shall seem proper; and in case any Person or Persons shall employ or navigate in the said Port and Harbour any such Boat, Smack, Cor, Gibbard, Lighter, or Wherry, for or in respect whereof such Sum of Money for a Licence shall not have been paid, or for or in respect whereof any such annual Sum shall be in Ar-rear or unpaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons acting by virtue of or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, to enter into and upon such Boat, Smack, Cot, Gabbard, Lighter, or Wherry, and to seize and distraiu the fame, or any of the Mads, Rigging, or other Things therein found; and if such Sum or Sums of Money, and the real'onable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the famr, shall not be paid within Ten Days next after such Seizure and Difltefs made, the Collector so seizing and distraining shall and may

Computation of the Tonnage.

Boats of a certain De-feriprion to be licensed.

Forascertain-in % the Tonnage of Boats

112 y

Lighters, and Men with Too $ for railing Kallaft, to be- kept.

Ballast to be brought to the Side of the Vessel, and thrown in by the Crew.

When Wharfs ae ereiVed for ltoring of £ Halt, VefTtfs to go along-frde cf such Wharfs, if they h ive not discharged their Cargoes below them.

Lighte'i to be fur nidled for taking Ballast out of VeXcU a. riv-iu^ therewith,

4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

fell the Boat, Smack, Cot, Gabbard, Lighter, Wherry, Malt, Rig ging, or other Things so seized and distrained, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners lhe!eof, after such Sum or Sums of Money, and all reasonable Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be dedu&ed and paid,

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to provide and keep from Time to Time a sufficient Number of Lighters or Gabbards, together with proper and sufficient Workmen, Tools, and Engines for the raising Ballad in such Part or Parts of the said Port aDd Harbour as shall be by them judged expedient, and shall furnish all Ships and Vessels wanting or requiring Ballad within the said Port and Harbour, with Ballad at the Rates herein after mentioned, within Twenty-four Hours after Notice shall be given for that Purpose by the Commanders or Matters of such Ships or other Vessels to the Person who shall from Time to Time aft as Ballad Mader under the said Commissioners, if Wind and Weather shall permit the same to be done; and in case Wind and Weather shall hot within such Twenty-four Hours permit the same to be done, then and in such Case such Ballad shall be furnished to such Ships or Vessels respectively within Twenty-four Hours after Wind and Weather shall permit the same to be done.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Ballad so to be furnished as aforesaid shall be brought to the Sides of the Ships or Vessels

which shall have Occasion for the fame in the Lighters or Gabbards to be provided and kept as aforesaid, and thence immediately thrown

into such Ships or Vessels by the Crews of such Ships or Vessels respectively.

XCV. Provided always, That when and so soon as One or more Wharf or Wharfs shall be erected for the laving and dowing of Ballad pursuant to the Powers herein contained, and that there shall be a sufficient Quantity of Ballad in and upon such Wharf or Wharfs for the supplying of any Ship or Vessel wanting the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the Officer or Officers to be appointed by them for that Purpose, to order and direct, at their Discretion, any Ship or Vessel requiring Ballad as aforesaid to go alongside of such Wharf or Wharfs, and take in such Ballad from the Side or Sides thereof, in which Cafe the said Commissioners, or their Officer or Officers, shall not be obliged to furnish such Ship or Vessel with Ballast in a Lighter or Lighters.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall furnish or cause to be furnished, at the Rates herein-after mentioned, to the Commanders or Mailers of any Ships or Vessels which shall from Time to Time arrive within the said Port laden with Ballad, good and sufficient Lighters or Gabbards, with proper and sufficient Workmen and Tools Fur the taking and carrying such Ballad from such Ships or Vessels within Twelve Hours after Notice for that Purpose shall be given by such Commanders or Masters respectively at the Office of the Ballad Mader to the said Commissioners, if Wind and Weather shall permit and in case Wind and Weather shall not then permit the same to be

done.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60. 1129

done, then within Twelve Hours after Wind and Weather shall permit the same to be done.

XCVII. Provided always, That Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, Sunday, &c. shall not be accounted any Part of the Twelve Hours aforesaid; and provided also, that when and so soon as such Wharf or Wharfs as afore- TwcircHuiirs laid shall be so built and eredfed, it shall and may be lawful to and for itorcfai‘i-the said Commissioners, or the Officer or Officers to be appointed by them for that Purpose, to order and direct, at their Dil'cretion, any Ship or Vessel requiring to discharge and unlade Ballad, to discharge and unlade such Ballad at and upon such Wharf and Wharfs as aforesaid, in which case the said Commissioners, or their said Officer or Officers, shall not be obliged to furnish to the Commander or Master of any such Ship or Vessel any Lighter or Gabbard for the taking such Ballad from such Ship or Vessel.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That In case the Crew of any Ship Penalty rn or Vessel shall neglect or refuse to take in or cad out their Ballad, so as to occasion any unreasonable or unnecessary Delay therein to any Lighter or Lighuu. Lighters, Gabbard or Gabbards, which may be employed under the said Commissioners to bring Ballad to, or take Ballad from such Ship or Vessel, then and in every such Case the Commander or Master of the Crew of every Ship or Vessel respectively, so neglecting or refusing to take in or cad out such Ballad, and so delaying such Lighter or Lighters,

Gabbard or Gabbards, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Shillings for every Hour such Lighter or Gabbard shall be so unnecessarily detained by the Neglect or Default of the Crew of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels as afo relaid.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, which shall be in the said Harbour, shall take or permit or differ to be taken into such Ship or Vessel any Ballad whatsoever, from any Person or Persons save only from such Person or Persons as shall be thereunto appointed by the said Commissioners, or shall permit or differ any Ballad whatsoever to be taken from such Ship or Vessel save only by such Person or Persons as shall be thereunto appointed, then and in every such Case every such Mader or Commander so offending, and also the several Persons who shall deliver to, or take from such Ship or Vessel such Ballad as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

C. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to demand and take the following Rates from every Ship or other Vessel that shall take in or put out any Ballad in the said Port or Harbour, for every Ton of Ballad that shall be taken in or put out in the said Port or Harbour; (that is to say),

For every Ton of Ballad that shall be taken into or put out of any Ship or Vessel in the said Port and Harbour, which shall bondfide belong to or be the Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Ton of Ballad that shall be taken into or put out of any Ship or Vessel in the said Port and Harbour, which shall not belong to J~Loo. & Per.3 13 G or

Duties for putting out or taking in Bailalt.

No Ballad to be t^ken from any Person, except thw Person appointed by the Commissior.-ers, etc,

n3o 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

or be the Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, the Sum of Two

Shillings:

And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and for any Person or Persons acting by virtue of or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, to ascertain by gauging or weighing, or by such other Ways and Means as to them shall seem proper, the Weight of such Ballast, and Two thousand one hundred Pounds Weight of such Ballast shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be for One Ton Weight.

Cl And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to reduce, lessen, or diminish the several Rates for Ballast hereby made payable, or any of them, and again to raise and advance the fame, or any of them, from Time to Time, in such Manner as to them the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper, so that no such Rates when raised or advanced do exceed the Rates herein made payable; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

to^ive^DifCr CII. And be it further enacted, That the Ballast Master, or other Person

charges. " or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose of collecting or receiving the said several Rates or Duties, and Ballast Money, in the Port and Harbour of Sligo, shall and he and they are hereby required, upon Payment or Tender of the several Duties by this Act directed to be paid for and in respect of the Tonnage of every Ship or Vessel that shall enter the said Port and Harbour of Slizo, and also of the Ballast Money, in case any such Ship or Vessel shall have taken in or discharged any Ballast in the said Port and Harbour, by the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, to grant upon Demand to such Master or Commander, without Fee or Reward, a Discharge in Writing signed by him or them, purporting that the several Sums of Money, to be paid by virtue of this Act by such Master or Commander, had been paid and discharged; and if any Ballast Master, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to give such Discharge on Demand, and upon such Payment or Tender as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Ballast Master or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings to the Master or Commander so No Cocqnet demanding the fame; and if any Collector, Customer, Comptroller, until DTn'Cd E-eceiver of Entries, or Ships Surveyor, Searcher, or other Officer who-charge shall be soever of or concerning His Majesty's Customs at the Port of Sligo, or produced. the Limits thereof, shall give or make out (except as is herein excepted) any Cocket to clear any Ship or Vessel out of or from the said Port and Harbour, save and except the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall produce and shew such Discharge, signed by such Ballast Master or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Collector, Customer, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries for Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, or other Officer so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, and the Whole of such Penalty shall be paid to the said Commissioners, to be Penalty for applied for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person or Persons who-

DiSig 3 soever shall forge, counterfeit, or alter any such Discharge, every such

1 ar"' Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Stun

of Ten Pounds, and One Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Informer,

and

Commissioners to reduce Rates of Ballait.

1131

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6o.

and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and all such respective Penalties shall and may be recovered by Civil Bill before the affidant Barrister at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Sligo.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and BiiiaftWafter* for the Ballad Mader, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Duties.3"' for Commissioners, to enter into and go on board of every Ship or other Vessel within the said Port and Harbour, for the Purpose of collecting and receiving the said several Sums due for Duties and Ballad Money, and on Non-payment or Tender thereof on Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Ballad Mailer, or other Person or Persons, to seize and didrain such Ship or Vessel, and the Mads, Saiis, Rigging, and Tackle thereunto belonging, or any Part thereof; and if such Sum or Sums of Money, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Ten Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, it shall and may be lawful to and for huh Badad Mader, or other Person or Persons so seizing and didraining, to fell the Ship or Vessl Mads, Sails,

Rigging, and Tackle so seized and didrained, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, alter such Sum or Sants of Money, and all re lionable Charges for didraining, keeping, and felling the same shall be deducted and paid.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Ballad Mader, or tTPrjn other Person or Persons of the said Ballad Office, to be appointed by or hi8 the said Commissioners, his or their Servants, shall neglect or refu'.e to s-rvants.» take off from or bring in Ballad to any Ship or Vessel, within the said Port and Harbour, at the respective Times for doing thereof as afore- vessel, or said; in case the Mader or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall not [herewith, have been ordered or directed as aforesaid, to take in or put out such Ballad at forne Wharf or Wharfs within the said Port and Harbour, or if having been so ordered and directed, such Ship or Vessel shall not be able to obtain such Ballad at such Wharf or Wharfs, then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mader or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, at any Time after Notice of such Neglect given at the said Office, to employ any other Lighter or Lighters, Gabbard or Gabbards, for the Purpose oi taking off from or bringing Ballad into such Ship or Vessel; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons having the Conduct of the said Lighter or Lighters, Gabbard or Gabbards, so employed, to take up as much Ballalt in the Channel of the said Port and Harbour as shall be requisite for ballading such Ship or Vessel, or to carry off' such Ballad as shall be in such Ship or Vessel, as the Case shall happen to be; and in every such Case, upon Oath thereof by the Mader or Commander of such Ship or Vessel made before the Collector of the Port of Sligo, or other Officer of the Cudoms who shall be then resident in or near the said Town of Sligo, every such Master of such Ship or Vessel shall have his Discharge and Clearings out of the said Port and Harbour in like Manner as if he had produced such Discharge from the Ballad Mader, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for granting the same as aforesaid; and the Owner or Owners of every Lighter or Gab arc! which shall be so employed either in the bringing Bailed to or taking Ballad from such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, on Account of such Neglect by the

1132

Penalty for taking Ballad hut from the Place ordered by the Commissioners,4?r.

Harbour Matter to moor Ships.

To prevent the laving of Ballad.

Ships not having a Buoy to the Anchors of Vetted, Penalty for. and t/. for every Hour.

4.3" GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

said Ballad Mader, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or the said Ballad Mader, Two Shillings for every Ton of Ballad he or they shall so put into, and One Shilling lor every Ton of Ballad which he or they shall so take from such Ship or Vessel, such Sum or Sums to be recovered from the said Commissioners by the Owner or Owners of such Lighter or Lighters, Gabbard or Gabbards, in such Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered by virtue of this Act.

CV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons that shall be employed by the said Commissioners for the Purpose of taking up or drudging for Ballad, shall take up or drudge for Ballad in any other Part or Parts of the said Port and Harbour than as directed by the said Commissioners, or other Persons acting by virtue of and under their Authority, or if any Person or Persons employed by the said Commissioners with any Lighter or Lighters, Gabbard or Gabbards, for the Purpose of carrying Ballad, shall carry or convey any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to or from any Ship or Vessel in the Port and Harbour, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Harbour Mader, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to give such Orders and Directions as to him or them shall feein meet for the birthing or mooring of any Ships or other Vessels in the said Port and Harbour, or any Part or Parts thereof, and from Time to Time to remove or cause to be removed any Ship or other Vessel, at the Charges and Expences of the Owner or Owners, or Mader or Maders thereof, from any Part err Parts of the said Port and Harbour, to any other Part or Parts thereof; and in case any Mader, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to comply with any such Orders or Directions, every such Mailer or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sutn not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall throw or empty, or cause to be thrown or emptied, or lay any Ballad, Earth, Dud, Rubbish, Ashes, or Stones into the said Harbour, or any Part or Parts thereof (save and except in such Part or Parts thereof as the said Ballad Mader, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners shall direct), every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Vessel which shall cad Anchor within the said Port and Harbour shall not immediately on so doing tie or fallen, or cause to be tied or fadened a Buoy to such Anchor, in such Manner as that the said Buoy shall float in such a conspicuous Manner so that it may be plainly and easily seen in what Place such Anchor has been cad, every such Mader or Commander so offending shall, for every such Offence or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, and shall over and above for-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

feit and pay the Sum of One Shilling, for every Hour that such Anchor shall remain without such Buoy thereto as aforesaid; but such Penalties if enforced shall not in any Manner affect any Remedy which any Person or Persons shall or may have, by Action or otherwise, against such Mailer or Commander for any Damage or Injury which may be done to such Person o^. Persons by Means of such Neglect as aforesaid.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever, not being lawfully empowered so to do, shall wilfully cut away any Buoy Rope from any Anchor in the said Port and Harbour, or call off, loose, or cut any Ship, Lighter, Wherry, or other Vessel from its Mooring, or deface, destroy, or take away any Buoy or Perch, in the said Port and Harbour, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall on being convicted thereof be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Persons convicted of Felony are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

CX. And, in order that proper and skilful Persons may be appointed Pilots for conducting Ships and Vessels into the said Port and Harbour of Sligo, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine and enquire into the Skill and Ability of every Person and Persons who shall tender or offer himself or themselves to be admitted as a Pilot or Pilots within the said Port and Harbour; and if upon due Examination, the Person or Persons so offering himself or themselves as a Pilot or Pilots within such Port and Harbour shall be found well qualified, and shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, the said Commissioners shall and may appoint such Number of the Persons so examined as they shall deem sufficient to be Pilots within the said Port and Harbour, and shall grant to each of them a Licence to act as Pilots within the said Port and Harbour, which Licence shall contain the Name, Age, and Place of Abode of the Person so licensed, and shall certify that he is duly qualified to conduct Ships and Vessels in and out of the said Port and Harbour of Sligo, and such Licence shall be subscribed with the Names, and in the proper Hand Writing of any Two or more of the said Commissioners; and every such Person so receiving such Licence shall from thenceforth be deemed duly qualified to exercis’e and follow the Occupation or Business of a Pilot within the said Port and Harbour of S/iifo; and for every such Licence the Sum of One Shilling shall be paid, and no more; and such Licence shall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Two Years from the Date thereof.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever, not being so licenced as aforesaid, shall, from and after the First Day of August which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, and after any such Licences shall have been granted by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, take upon himself or themselves to conduct or pilot any Ship or Vessel within the said Port and [Loc. & Per.] 13 H Harbour j

1133

Person' to he deeinedFelons w I10 cut away Buoys.

Commissioners ma examine. and grant Licences to Pilots.

Persons ailing asJPilota without a Licence ta forfeit j I.

ii34 43° GEORGII III. Cap. bo.

Harbour; or if any Pilot so licensed as aforesaid shall after the Expiration of such his Licence continue to act as a Pilot within the said Port and Harbour without the Renewal of such Licence, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

nicenftH pi- CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot so licensed as th^r'o it°'uf a^ore^a* shall refuse or neglect to take the Charge or Conduct of any forfeit jV ° Ship or Vessel Outward-bound, upon proper Notice being first given to such Pilot, or if any such Pilot who shall be plying between Wheaten Rock and Oyjler \Jland shall, upon a Gun being fired, or Ensign hoisted, or other usual Signal given from any Ship or Vessel, Tefufe or neglect to take under his Charge or Conduct such Ship or Vessel, or, in case any such Ship or Vessel cannot be boarded without imminent Danger, if such Pilot shall refuse or neglect to lead the Way, or precede such Ship or other Vessel with his Boat, every such Pilot so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

pilot* mifbe- CXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the L*cenftohave Commissioners that any Pilot or Pilots so licensed as aforesaid shall caiftd'efc?" have misbehaved himself or themselves in the conducting of any Ship or Vessel, or in the Execution of any other Part of his or their Duty as a Pilot or Pilots, or if any such Pilot or Pilots shall refuse to obey any Summons of the said CommHIioners requiring his or their Attendance at any of their Meetings, or shall in any Manner offend or misbehave himself or themselves as a Pilot or Pilots, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Examination thereof, to recal the Licence or Licences of such Pilot or Pilots respectively, and to declare the same to be null and void; or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to suspend such Pilot or Pilots for and during such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if any Pilot or Pilots whose Licence or Licences shall have been so recalled, or who shall have been suspended as aforesaid (Notice in Writing of such Recal or Suspension being given to him or them, or left at his or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode), shall presume tt> aft as a Pilot or Pilots in conducting any Ship or Vessel out of or into the said Port and Harbour, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

security to be CXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Pilot so licensed as *"e "font'01' a^ore^al<^ ft13!! be desired by any Master or Commander of any Ship or ward'-bound Vessel in the said Port and Harbour Outward-bound, to take the Charge ShiP». or Conduct of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful to and for

such Pilot, previous to his taking such Charge or Conduct, to demand the Payment of a sufficient Security from such Master or Commander for the Payment of such Pilotage Outward, according to the Rates and Prices herein mentioned, or as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; and if such Master or Commander shall refuse to pay such Rates and Prices, or give such Security for the Payment thereof, then in such Case ic shall and may be lawful to and for such Pilot to refuse to take the Charge or Conduct of such Ship or Vessel, without being subject to or incurring any of the Penalties inflicted

by

"35

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

by this Act on Pilots refusing to take the Charge or Conduct of any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid.

CXV. And, for preventing exorbitant Demands being made by any Pilot or Pilots so licensed as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any such Pilot to demand or take for the piloting or conducting of any Ship or Vessel from the Quay to the Wheaten Rock, or from the Wheaten Rock to the Quay, any greater Rate or Sum than shall from Time to Time be approved of by the said Commissioners, and no such Rate or Sum shall exceed the Rate or Sum herein-after mentioned; (that is to say),

For piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel from the Quay to the Wheaten Rock, or from the Wheaten Rock to the Quay, that shall bond jide belong to or be the Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, for each and every Voyage, from the First Day of April to the Thirtieth Day of September, both Days inclusive, in each and every Year, any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw when so piloted or conducted, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Foot:

For piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel from the Quay to the Wheaten Rock, or from the Wheaten Rock to the Quay, that shall not be-long to or be the Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, for each and every Voyage, from the First Day of April to the Thirtieth Day of Sep~ tember, both Days inclusive, in each and every Year, any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings and Sixpence a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw when so piloted or conducted, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Foot:

For piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel from the Quay to the Wheaten Rock, or from the Wheaten Rock to the Quay, that shall bond fide belong to or be the Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, for each and every Voyage, from the First Day of October to the Thirty-first Day of March, both Days inclusive, in each and every Year, any Sum not exceeding Three Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw when so piloted or conducted, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Foot:

For piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel from the Quay to the Wheaten Rock, or from the Wheaten Rock to the Quay, that shall not belong to or be the Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, for each and every Voyage, from the First Day of October to the Thirty-first Day of March, both Days inclusive, in each and every Year, any Sum not exceeding Four Shillings a Foot for every Foot of Water such Ship or Vessel shall draw when so piloted or conducted, and so in Proportion for the Fraction of a Foot.

CXVI. Provided always, That no Sum shall be paid to any such Pilot or Pilots for any Fraction of Half a Foot.

cxyn. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to require any Ship or Vessel of less than Twenty Tons Burthen, to take any such Pilot or Pilots.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel Inward- bound, shall refuse to take on board and employ a Pilot so licensed as aforesaid, who shall offer his Service,

Rates of Pi. lotage.

Vrfleli of left than so Tons need not take a Pilot.

Pilot offering to Inward-bound Vessels and refuted, to be paid.

1136

tf no Pilot oilers btfo/e the Ship comes to Oyflrr JjlanJ, the Mail neKi not take a Pilot.

Any Person mav allitt a Vessel in Dif-trcls.

Comtnifiioners may g \ e Kswaals.

Matter of Ship to give an Account of the ra oght ot Vs atrr of his bh;p.

C'ommi (lionet on powered to fix Rates for pit ting for lina.l Distances.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

vice, such Mailer or Commander shall pay or cause to be paid to the Pilot who offers his Service as aforesaid, and shall be so refilled, the full Pilotage Inwards, according to the different Rates authorized by this Act, in such and the same Manner as if such Pilot had piloted or conduced such Ship or Vessel into the Paid Port and Harbour: Provided nevertheless, that the Pilot to offering his Services, and so refused, shall and he is hereby required to lead the Way or precede such Ship or Vessel with his Boat, until such Ship or Vessel shall be brought to an Anchor, otherwise such Pilot shall not be entitled to such Rates for Pilotage.

CXIX. Provided always, That if no such licensed Pilot or Pilots shall offer his or their Service or Services to the Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Vessel Inward-bound, before such Ship or Vessel shall have passed O^fler Island, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Mailer or Commander to iefufe so employ any Pilot or Pilots so licensed as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful, in every such Case, to and for any Person or Persons to pilot or conduct such Ship or Vessel to an Anchor $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CXX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to subject any Person or Persons whomsoever to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act imposed, for aiding or affiiling any Ship or Vessel in Distress.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered so give such Reward in Money as they, shall think fir, to any Pilot or Pilots, Person or Persons, who shall afford any effectual Relief or Aliiflance to any Ship or Vessel in Distress, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at Wheaten Rock, provided that no such Reward shall. exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and such Reward shall be paid out of the Harbour Duties by this Act directed to be collected.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer or Commander of every Ship or Vessel so piloted or conducted into or out of the said Port and Harbour, shall and he is hereby required to give a true and just Account of the Draught of Water which such Ship or Vessel shall then draw, to the Pilot so piloting or conducting such Ship or Vessel; and if the Pilot so employed shall suspect the Truth of such Account, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Pilot to admeasure or cause to be admeasured such Ship or Vessel, for the Purpose of ascertaining the true Draughc of Water which such Ship or Vessel shall then draw.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to ascertain, settle, and fix what Rates shall be demanded and taken by the several Pilots so licenced as aforesaid, for piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel for any Distance between the Quay and the Wheaten Rock, but no such Rates shall exceed in the Whole the Rates that may be demanded or taken for piloting or con-' dufting any Ship or Vessel the whole Distance between the Quay aforesaid and the W beaten Rock aforesaid, Inwards or Outwards, according to the respective Times of the Year.

CXXIV. Add

5

43° GEORGII ' III. Cap. So*

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to reduce, lelfen, or diminish the several Rates of Pilotage hereby made payable, or any of them, and again to raise and advance the fame, or any of them, from Time to Time, in such Manner as to them shall seem right and proper, so that no such Rates when so raised or advanced do exceed the Rates herein made payable to and directed to be taken by the several Pilots so licenced as aforesaid.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, whoseShip or Vessel shall have been piloted or conducted by any Pilot or Pilots so licensed as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay On Demand the Stl'm or Sums of Money for, Pilotage hereby authorized to be taken, to the Pilot or Pilots piloting or conducing such Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case such Sum or Sums of Money due or owing for Pilotage, shall and may be raised, levied, and recovered by such Ways and Means as any Rate or Rates for Tonnage is or are hereby directed to be raised, levied, and recovered.

CXXVI. And be it further enact-d, That it Hull and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, upon the Credit of the said Rates arid Assessments, and all other Sums of Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of paving, flagging, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, and improving the Highways, Streets, Markets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Town of SJigo and Precincts thereof, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two Thousand Pounds, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign all or any Part of such Rates, AfiefTinems, and other Mo. ney, to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, as a Security for the Principal Money so to be lent or advanced, with legal Interest for the fame; the Expence of such Alignment to be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Commissioners.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissionets from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, upon the Credit of the several Duties for Tonnage, and Money to be paid for Ballast, for or in respect of the several Ships and Vessels entering the Port and Harbour of Sigo, and the several Sums of Money to be paid for or in respect of the several Boats, Smacks, Cots, Gabbards, Lighters, and Wherries employed in the fail Port and Harbour, and all other Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of cleansing, deepening, and improving the said Port and Harbour, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six thousand Pounds, and by Wri;-iing under their Hands and Seals to assign ail or any Part of such Duties, Ballast Money, and other Mo-ey, to such Person or Persons who shall lend or advance any Money thereon, as a Security for the Principal Money ft? to be lent or advanced, with legal Interest for the fame; and the Expence of such Assignment shall be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Commissioners.

[Lee. & Per.] 13 7 CXXVIII. And

*37

Commissioners may reduce Rates for Pilots, and raise them again.

For compelling ayinent of Rates.

Power to bor* row loney not exceeding 1,000 /

Power tr» bo-row Money on Harbour Dut es, not exceeding 6,oooo I.

1133

Form of Alignment.

Money may b« raised by Annui tin.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6o-

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Alignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

( gY virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the ( Title of this Act), We, of the Commissioners

appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of advanced and lent by A.B. upon

the Credit and for the Purposes of this Act, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates, Assessments, or other Money arising by virtue of the said Act, for the Purpose of paving, flagging,

‘ lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, and improving the Town of

Sligo and Precincts thereof, [or, of the Duties, Ballalt Money, or

other Money arising by virtue of the said Act, for cleansing, deepen*

ing, and improving the Port and Harbour of Sligo, as the Case may Z>eJ,

' as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the.

whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed or become due and ‘ owing, or charged upon the Credit of such Rates, Assessment, or other

Money as aforesaid, [or, of such Duties, Ballalt Money, or other Mo-

ney as aforesaid, as the Case may be~\, to be had and holden from this

Day of until the said Sum of

with Interest at per Centum per Annum for the fame, shall be

repaid and satisfied.’

And every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereto, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; provided the fame be not for a greater or left Sum than Fifty Pounds.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall think it adviseable or more advantageous to raise all or any Part of the Money authorized to be borrowed under this Act, by the granting of Annuities for Lives instead of Assignments as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorship as the said Commissioners shall think proper, so as that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for a Year; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

mE, of the Commissioners appointed by or iri pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-third Year of ‘ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Jet forth the Title of

this AflJ, in Consideration of the Sum of paid

b7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60. 1139

‘ by A.B. to C.D. the Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administra-

tors, and Assigns, an Annuity or yearly Sum of

out of the Rates, Assessments, and other Money granted or arising by ‘ virtue of the said Act, for the Purpose of paving, flagging, lighting,

watching, cleansing, watering, and improving the said Town of 'Sligo

and Precincts thereof, [or, out of the Duties, Ballad Money, or other

Money granted of arising by virtue of the said Act, for the Purpose of

cleansing, deepening, and improving the Port and Harbour of Sligo, as

the Case may be], which Annuity or yearly Sum of

shall be paid to the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Af-

signs, at the Office of the said Commissioners, upon the

Day of in every Year, during the natural Life of

and the Fird Payment thereof shall be made

upon the now next ensuing the Date hereof.

In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the

Day of .*

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law; and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid shall be and is hereby and Annui-charged upon, and shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners, out of such Rates, Assessments, and ‘ other Money, (or out of such Duties, Ballad Money, and other Money, as the Case may be), according to the Grant of such Annuity.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for S"cnrti»# for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be bor- ^d Annul^' rowed, or raised by the granting of Annuities as aforesaid, and their ties, may lie respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time, by transfureJ-Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effect following:

y A.B. being entitled to the Sum of [or, an Annuity

I of secured to C.D. his Executors, Ad-

‘ minidrators, and Assigns, by virtue of an Agreement, [or. Grant of

Annuity], bearing Date the Day of under

‘ the Hands and Seals of of the Commissioners acting in

the Execution of a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Forty third

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the ' Title of this Act], upon the Credit, or arising out of the Rates, Af-‘ feffments, and other Money, for paving, flagging, lighting, watching,

cleansing, watering, and improving the Town of Sligo, and Pre-

cinfts thereof, [or, of the Duties, Ballad Money, and other Money,

‘ for cleansing, deepening, and improving the Port and Harbour of

Sligo, as the Case may be, 1, granted or payable by the said Act, do ‘ hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all In-‘ terefl, and other Money uow due and owing thereon, unto E. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated the

Day of

And Copies of all such Securities, Assignments, and Grants of Annui- ia

ties which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and Extracts or Me- , Book! *a morials of all Transfer* thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept

for

1140

Mon^y dif-bur ed under the 40th Geo. 3. to be repaid

Separate Fundi, &cm

43° GEORGII III. Cap. bo.

for that Purpose by the CleiJi or Clerks to the said Commissioners, which Extracts or Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby transferred; to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer the said Clerk or Clerks shall be paid, by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of- Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and after such Entry made of any such T ansfer, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person to whorri the same shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Monies expended by the Corporation acting by or under the Authority of the said recited Act, made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, on the Credit of the Harbour Duties colieded by virtue of thfc said Act, shall be paid off and discharged out of the Duties, Ballast Money, and other Money, made payable by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of cleansing, deepening, and improving the said Port and Harbour of Sligo, in like Manner as the Monies to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, on the Credit of such Duties, Ballalt Money, and other Money, and the Interest thereof, is and are hereby directed to be paid off and discharged.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies hereby granted and made payable shall be divided into Two separate and distiiid Funds; that is to say, such Monies as shall arise from the Rates or Assessments on Houses, Buildings, Mills, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof, hereby made payable, and all the Money to be borrowed ori the Credic thereof shall be and is hereby declared to be One fepaVaie and distinct Fund; and such Monies shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners for the Purpose of paving, flagging, repairing, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, maintaining, and improving, the several Highways, Streets, Markets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, in the said Town of Sligo and Precincts thereof, and for erecting and maintaining Clocks and Pumps therein, and for carrying the several Purposes of this Act relating thereto into Execution, and for paying and discharging the Wages and Salaries of the several Clerks, Officers, and other Persons employed therein, and for discharging the Interest of, and from Time to Time for paying off the Principal Money borrowed on the Credit of such Fund as aforesaid, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and so much of the Monies as shall arise from the Tonnage Duties on Ships and Vessels, Ballast Money, and Licences granted to, or annual Sums paid by the Owners and Proprietors of the several Boats, Smacks, Cots, Gabbards, Lighters, and Wherries, employed within the said Port and Harbour; and the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be One separjte and distinct Fund, and such Monies shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners in cleansing, deepening, and improving the said Port and Harbour, and for erecting, maintaining, and repairing the several Quays, Wharfs, Docks, and o:her Coveniencies, and for deepening the said River Carwoge above trie old Bridge of Sligo, and for carrying into Execution the several other Intents

II4I

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

and Purposes of this Act relating thereto, and for paying the Wages and Salaries of the several Clerks, Harbour Mailers, Ballalt Mailers, and other Officers and Persons employed therein, and for discharging the Interest of, and from Time to Time for paying off the Principal Money borrowed on the Credit of such Fund, and foi no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

CXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That out of the First Expences of Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners shall, in the First Place, pay and delray all the Charges and Expences incident to and artending the obtaining of the said recited Act, made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, and shall also pay to the Person or Persons who shall have advanced or lent any Money for the Payment of such Charges and Expences, legal Interest for the Money so advanced and lent, Irom the Time of advancing and lending thereof, until the Day of the Payment thereof by the said Commissioners; and One Moiety of such Charges and Expences and Interest shall be paid out of One of the said Funds, and the other Moiety out of the other of the said Funds.

CXXXIV. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of creditorst® the Persons who have advanced and lent, or who may advance and knd u^if0at‘-d by Money upon the Credit of the said separate Funds, be it further enacted.

That the said Commissioners, if more Creditors than One, shall cause the Numbers of all the Bonds, Assignments, or Securities granted, and then in Force, for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of such respective Funds, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Manner, as near as may be, and put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Bonds, Assignments, or Securities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and the Number or Numbers so drawn shall be paid off and discharged; and after every such Ballot the said Commissioners shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot; and where there is only One Creditor, to give Three Calendar Months Notice to such Creditor of the Intention of the said Commissioners to pay him or her as aforesaid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the same shall be paid at a Place mentioned in such Notice, at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Day of giving or leaving the same as aforesaid; and the Interest of the Principal Money so to be paid off shall, from and after the End of the said Three Calendar Months, cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof, to the End of the said Three Calendar Months, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

CXXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and so soon When the as the respective Sums of Money herein authorized to be borrowed by virtue of this Act on the said respective Funds, and the Interest thereof, the Rates shall be paid off and discharged, and the Annuities to be granted as afore- re'

[Loc. Per.} 13 K said

Notice to be given to the Persons whose Bonds are t® be paid off.

1142

43° GEORGII MI. Cap. 60.

said shall be determined, and the said Rates, Assessments, Duties, and other Money to be collected by virtue of this Act, shall be more than sufficient for the Purposes of such separate Funds, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, at any Time or Times, to riduce all or any of the said Rates, Assessments, or Duties, or other Money to be collected by virtue of this Act, to such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient for the Purposes of such separate Funds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners again to raise the fame when and as often as- they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of such separate Funds; and such reduced Rates, Assessments, Duties, and other Money, shall be collected, levied, and recovered by the fame Ways and Means as the several Rates, Assessments, Duties, and other Money herein before granted can or may be collected, levied, and recovered.

', t

obstrlSi?" CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ob-the Execution struft, hinder, or molest any of the said Commissioners, or their Col-of this Act. lector or Collectors, Clerk, Surveyor, Workmen, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are or shall be employed to carry this Act into Execution, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, v every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay

alny Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Account to CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That on the First Monday in be made up Month of Auvujl in every Year, a fair and iult Account shall be

annually, and , V,

be open to made m Writing or all the Money received and paid by virtue or in pur-tnipeflion. Fiance of this Act, and how and to whom and for what Purposes the feme have been laid out and expended; and a Copy or Duplicate of such Account, ligned by the said Commissioners, shall be deposited with the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, who shall permit any Person so rated as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons on his or her Behalf, so inspect the fame at feafbnable Times, paying One Shilling for such 1 Inspection, and shall, upon Demand, forthwith give Copies of the lame or

any Part thereof to any such Person, paying at the Rate of Sixpence for every Ofle hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

Commission- CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-ByeTa»'«.ake to anc^ for the said Commissioners, at any Time or Times hereafter, to make, ordain, and establish such Orders, Rules, Regulations, and Bye-Laws, for the piloting, mooring, and removing of Ships and other Vessels coming into, going out of, or lying in the said Port and Harbour, and also for the regulating, governing, and managing the several Piers, Quays, and Wharfs, and the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which shall or may from Time to Time be laid or landed thereon, and for uling the several Docks, and for regulating the several Boats, Lighters, Gabbards, Wherries, and other fmali Craft employed in the said Port and Harbour, and for regulating the Conduct and Behaviour of the several Owners and Drivers of the several Waggons, Wains, Cars, Drays, Carts, and other Carriages, so licensed as aforesaid, and also the Conduct and Behaviour of the several Porters so licenced as aforesaid, in their several and respective Employments, and likewise from Time to Time,

as

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60. 1*43

as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter all or any of such Orders, Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, as to them shall seem mod fitting and requisite, and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Non-observance or other Breach of any of such Rules, Orders, Regulations, or Bye-Laws, or any Part of them; and the said Commissioners shall cause thq said Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Bye Laws to be printed and distributed, and duck up or placed upon some qonfpicuous Places in thq said Town of Sligo, and the Port and Harbour thereof; and all such,

Rules, Orders, Regulations, or Bye Laws, so made, printed, distributed, and duck up, shall be good and, binding upon all Persons whomsoever, provided that the fame be not inconfident with or repugnant t;o the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called,

Ireland, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Pimishing Persons who, in any Examination.to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall wilfufiy give false Evidence before the said Commissioners, or before any Tory, summoned by virtue of this Act, or before the Provod of the said.

Town of Sligo for the Time being, or before any Justice of the Peace, acting as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecutecl for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be liable to and differ the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to -

CXL. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and For- Recovery and feitures, by virtue of this Act imposed, or which shall be inflicted by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law, made in pursuance thereof, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be levied and recovered (within Three Calendar Months next after the Offence or Offences committed) before the Provod of the said Town of Sligo for the Time being, or in case of his Absence or Refusal, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Sligo, being a Commissioner under this Act, and such Provod or Justice is and are hereby empowered, upon Complaint to such Provod or Justice made, to graint a Warrant to bring before him such Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified; and if upon the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, on his, her, or their Confession, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, which Oath such Provod or Justice is and are hereby empowered to adminider, such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Provod or Justice, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County of Sligo, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Seven Days, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof shall be sooner fully paid and discharged; and One Moiety of all such Fines,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

U44

Copviction.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, or against any Order of Sessions, or any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

DE it remembered, That on this Day of

in the Year of the Reign of

A.B. is convicted before me, Provost of the said Town of Sligo, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Sligo, of having [as the Offence shall bc~] and I [_or We] the said do adjudge him, [her, or them]] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of Given under my Hand and Seal the Day

and Year aforesaid.’

For allowing CXLII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, tantMo jive Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or con-Evidence. cerning the Execution of this Act, any Inhabitant within the said Town

or Precincts thereof, shall be and be deemed to be a good and competent Witness, notwithstanding his or her being charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

>eai to CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons ons' shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Rule, Bye-Law, Regulation, Judgement, Determination, or other Proceeding of the said Commissioners, or by any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then and in every such Case he, she, or, they may, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Sligo, first giving Eight Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, as the Case may be, and of the Nature thereof, and within Eight Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Town, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter Sessions, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to any Adjournment of the said Sessions, or to the next General Quarter Sessions to be holden for such County or Place; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, Judgement, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable.

Distreft not to CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be for Wan/of ma<*e for any Sum Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Form.*" ° Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties

making

ii

43° GEORGII III., Cap. 60.

making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defector Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggtieved by stich Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe,

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assess- Pro«erdinS-. ment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction Want of of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quallhed or va- by

cated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, certiorari. or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall Plaintiffs not recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons Je/Tende^of for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing Amends.

shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court,

CXLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or limitation* <rf Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing Aftimu. done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Sligo, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

[Loc. G? Per,) 13 L

1146

Saving

Rights-

Rublick Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to deprive any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, of any Right, Title, or Interest, which he, she, they, or any of them, have to any Lands, Slabs, Strands, Quays, or Wears, lying within the said Port and Harbour of Sligo, or to the Royalties or Fisheries within the said Port and Harbour, or to any Tolls or Customs of the Fairs or Markets of the said Town of Sligo, or to any Rights or Property that any Person or Persons may have in the said Town of Sligo or in the Precincts thereof, but that he, lhe, they, and all of them shall hold and enjoy all such Rights, Titles, and Interests, in such and the same Manner as they respectively might or could have held and enjoyed the lame in case this Act had not been made.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

’ k.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»* *)

Cap. 61.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish, in the Rivers 1'eign, Dartt and Plym, in the County of Devon.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King Edward the First, intituled, A Penalty *S Ed. > an, J for taking of Salmons at certain Times of the Tear, whereby it was provided, that the Waters ok Humber. Ouse, Trent, Done, Arre, Derwent,

Whufe, Nid, Tore, Swale, Tefe, and all other Waters (wherein Salmon be taken within the Kingdom) should be in Defence for taking Salmon from the Nativity of our Lady unto Saint Marlin’s Day; which Act was confirmed, and further Provision made relating thereto, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Ueign of His late Majesty King Richard the Second, intituled, A Confirmation of Thirteenth Edward First, Statute One, '3RlC‘ 2' Chapter Forty seven, touching taking of Salmons: And whereas the Periods limited by the said Acts are not suited to the Fisheries for Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, or Bouges otherwise Sea Trout, or to the Protection of the Spawn or Fry of Salmon in the Rivers commonly called the Teign, Dart, and Plym, in the County of Devon, and have been found very prejudicial to the Owners and Proprietors of the Fisheries in such Rivers, and to the Publick: And whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for the better Preservation of Salmon, and the Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of Salmon, Salmon Peal, Salmon Kind, and Bouges or Sea [Lee. fs? Per.j] 13 M —N Trout,

1150

»ower for legal Owners, etc. to take Salmon, etc. with legal Nets at certain Times.

For retraining Persona taking Salmon, etc. or pursuing cr injuring the same.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6r.

Trout, in the said Rivers Feign, Dart, and Plym, and in the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating the rewith: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 1 emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the respective Owners and Proprietors, and Persons legally entitled to fish in the said respective Rivers or Waters commonly called, known, or distinguished by the Names of the Dart, Deign, and Plym, in the said County of Devon, or in any of the Streams of Water or Rivulets communicating the rewith respectively, and their respective Servants and Agents, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any Time or Times in the Year, between the Fourth Day of March and the Fourth Day of December within the said River Deign, and the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating the rewith, with legal and proper Nets, or Hooks and Lines, to take, kill, or destroy any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, and to offer to Sale any of such Fish so taken between the said last mentioned Periods, within the River Deign, and the several Rivulecs or Streams of Water communicating the rewith; and also at any Time or Times in the Year between the Fifteenth Day of February and the Fifteenth Day of November within the said Rivers Dart and Plym, and the several Rivulets or S reams of Water communicating the rewith respectively, with legal and proper Nets, or Hooks and Lines, io take, kill, or destroy any such Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, within the said Rivers Dart and Plym, and the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating the rewith respectively, and to offer the same to Sale when so taken between the said last mentioned Periods, within the said last mentioned Rivers and Waters; and that all such Fish so taken within the said respective Rivers and Waters, and within the respective Periods aforesaid, shall be deemed and considered to be in Season, and proper to be killed, the said recited Acts, or either of them, or any other Act or Acts, Law, Statute, Ordinance, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it it further enacted, That no such Owner, Proprietor, or other Person as aforesaid, or any of his, her, or their Servants or Agents, nor any other Person whomsoever, shall or may at any Time or Times within the said River Deign, or any of the Waters, Rivulets, or Streams communicating the rewith, on or between the Fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three, and the Fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, or at any Time or Times in any subsequent Year or Years, on or between the Fourth Day of December and the Fourth Day of March following; and that no such Proprietor or other Person as aforesaid, nor any of his, her, or their Servants or Agents, nor any other Person whomsoever, shall or may at any Time or Times within the said Rivers Dart And Plym, or either of them, or any of the Waters, Rivulets, or Streams communicating the rewith respectively, on or between the Fifteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and three, and the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and four, or at any Time or Times, in any subsequent Year or Years, on or between the Fifteenth Day of November and the Fifteenth Day of February following, take, kill or destroy, pursue, hurt or injure, or attempt or endeavour, or seek to take, kill or destroy, or to pursue, hurt or injure any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, or any of the Spawn,

Brood,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 61. 1151

Brood, or Fry of Salmon, or any Kepper or Shedder Salmon, by any Art,

Means, or Device whatsoever; nor shall any Person or Persons offer to Sale, or dispose of any of the said Fish so taken in the said Rivers and Waters communicating the rewith, within the respective Periods and Time# last aforesaid; and that no Person or Persons shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter, either within the Periods aforesaid, or otherwise, within any or either of the said several Rivers, or any of the Waters communicating the rewith respectively, pursue, take, kill, or destroy, or seek or endeavour to take, kill or destroy, pursue, hurt, or injure any of such Fishby means of any Engine or Weapon commonly called a Spear, or with any other Engine or Device of that Nature; nor shall any Person offer any of such Fish for Sale in case the same shall be so taken with or by means of any such Engine or Weapon called a Spear or otherwise as aforesaid,

III. And be it further enacted, That no Bouges otherwise called Sea S;a Trout Trout, shall be taken within the said respective Rivers, or any of the j-akVn but at Waters communicating the rewith respectively, between the Twenty-ninth ertain sea. Day of September and the Second Day of February following in any Year fons’e!c' or Years; and that none of the Fish herein-before mentioned, of whatever

Kind or Description the fame may be, shall at any Time be pursued, taken, killed or destroyed, or attempted so to be, or to be otherwise hurt or injured, within any or either of the said Rivers, or the Waters communicating the rewith respectively, at any Time of the Year on a Sunday.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Penalties on

Act, each and evety Person who shall pursue, take, kill or destroy, or en- slimon deavour or attempt to pursue, take, kill or destroy, or be aiding or allift- or offering ing in the pursuing, taking, killing or destroying any Salmon or other such for

Fish as aforesaid, or Spawn, Brood, or Fry aforesaid, in any or either of the said respective Rivers, or within any or either of the several Waters,

Streams or Rivulets respectively communicating the rewith, or with any or either of them; or shall fell, offer, or expose to Sale any such Salmon, or other such Fish as aforesaid, which shall have been or shall be so taken contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or between such respective Periods as are herein-before specified, in relation to any such Fish as aforesaid as to the said respective Rivers or Waters, Streams, or Rivulets respectively communicating the rewith, and within which the fame is by this Act prohibited as aforesaid, and who shall be thereof convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, either upon View of any such Justice or Justices, or by Confession of such Offender or Offenders, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wirnefies, or by the

Oath of any such Owner, Proprietor, or other such Person legally entitled to fish as aforesaid, or of his, her, or their Agents or Servants, who are respectively hereby declared to be competent and good and sufficient Witnesses in that Behalf, and which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized to administer, shall for the First Offence forfeit any Sum, to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be made, not Iefs than Forty Shillings por more than Five Pounds, together with all Salmon or such other Fish as aforesaid so taken or killed, or offered or exposed to Sale, and all the Nets, Engines, and other Instruments and Devices used or kept in or about, or for the Purpose of committing any such Offence as aforesaid; and for the Second Offence shall forfeit a Sum to be ascertained as aforesaid, not less than Forty Shillings nor more than Ten Pounds, together with all such i Fish,

1i52-it56 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Fidi, Nets, Engines, and other Instruments and Devices as aforesaid; and One Half of such Penalty shall go and be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Parishes where the Offence shall have been committed; and every such Penalty may and shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, returning the Overplus (if any) after deducing and retaining the reout the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, or otherwise relating to the Premises, to the Person so distrained on; and for want of such Distress, or in case the Offender shall on Demand neglect or refuse, or shall not be able to pay any such Penalty, then such Offender shall for every such Offence be sent by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made as aforesaid, to the House of Correction of the said County where such Offender shall be taken, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than Two Calendar Months; and the said Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Person or Persons offending shall be convicted, shall order such Nets, Engines, Instruments, and other Devices kept or made use of for taking such Fish, to be seized and immediately cut in Pieces, or otherwise destroyed or disposed of in his or their Presence, in such Manner as he or they shall think proper.

Allowing r* Appeal.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think them* selves aggrieved by any Judgement of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in any of the Cases aforesaid, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Devon at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, so that the Person or Persons so appealing shall enter into a Recognizance before such Justice or Justices, with sufficient Sureties to be approved of by such Justice or Justices, to abide the Event of such Appeal, and the Determination thereon to be made, and so that such Person or Persons so appealing shall by himself or his Agent, give Ten Day3 previous Notice in Writing of such Appeal, to the Party or Parties against whose Act or Acts such Appeal shall be made j and the Justices ac the said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and make such Order therein, and award such Cod: as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colls which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the Justices at their laid General Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive to all Paitics concerned, and shall not be removed or remove ble t>v Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJlminJlir,

Pc lrrinj; the Act

\T. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publ ck Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and othei Persons wftomlcever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew' Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1863.

I

ANNO QJJADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 61.

An A<fl for the more effectually repairing the PariiR Church of Dagenham, in the County of Essex.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS some Time in or about the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the Roof, with the Middle Aisle, Tower, and great Part of the Outer Walls of the Parish Church of Dagenham, in the County of Essex, fell down; and although the Parishioners have expended, by Rates and the Produce of One Brief, upwards of Two thousand Pounds, the said Church is now in such a State as to be unfit for the Performance of Divine Worship therein, the Tower, Roof, and external Walls only having been erected:

And whereas for the completing the other necessary Repairs and Requisites of the said Church, it will require a considerable Sum of Money to be raised, which cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefer Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, John Gas- Trance,. [Loc. b* Per.2 . 13 0 coynt

L

1158

Power to appoint n°w Trustees, on Death, Refusal to act, or Removal.

No Trustees

to act being iniertfted.

First Meeting.

To appoint a Treasurer and other Officers.

Trustees so hold Quarterly Meetings.

Power for Trustees to call other Meetings.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

coyne Fanfoaw, John Hopkins Dare, John Tyler, Christophtr Tyler, Esquires; William Ford, James ylrm/lrong, Robert Brittain, John Burley, Phoebus Gri;g, Henry Hunfdon, Thomas Twyjord, John Biggs, Lancelot Tuck, and the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for the repairing of the said Church, and putting this Act into Execution; and that when any One or more Trustee or Trustees herein-before named, or to be appointed as herein-after mentioned (except such Persons as are declared to be Trustees by virtue of their Situation or Office), shall die, or refuse to act, or shall remove out of the said Parish of Dagenham, the Turviving or remaining Trustees shall, at any Meeting to be held as herein-after mentioned, appoint One or more of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, or Occupiers of Lands therein, in the room or place of such Trustee or Trustees so dying, refusing to act, or removing as aforesaid; and every such Trustee so to be appointed shall have full Power in all Things to carry this Act into Execution, as if he had been appointed a Trustee in and by this Act: Provided always, that no Person shall act as a Trustee as aforesaid, who shall be interested in any Contraft, or enjoy any beneficial Employment under this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet in the Vestry Room of the said Parish on the Second Tuesday after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to put this Act: in Execution, and shall and may adjourn from Time to Time as they shall think proper; and at which First Meeting, or any future Meeting, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, and also to appoint and employ such other Person or Persons as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and shall and may take such Security as they shall think proper from such Treasurer or Treasurers, and from Time to Time at any future Meeting, may remove such Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, as they shall think proper, and appoint others in the room or stead of any such Oilicer so removed, or dying, or declining to act; and the said Trustees may, out of the Monies to be raised under or by virtue of this Act, make such Allowance to such Person or Persons respectively, as they shall judge a reasonable Compensation for their respective Trouble and Services.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to hold Four Quarterly Meetings in the Year, on the Days following; (that is to say), on the First Tuesday in the several Months of June, September, December, and March, in every Year; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, although not assembled at a Meeting, shall and may at their Discretion, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to direct the Clerk to call any other Meetings of the said Trustees for carrying this Act into Execution; and the said Clerk shall give Notice thereof in Writing, specifying the Purpose of such Meeting, to be left for the said Trustees at their respective usual Places of Abode, at lead Three Days previous to such intended Meetings; and that at all Meetings the said Trustees shall defray their own Expences.

y

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 62. ti5g|

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, Porter for and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any such Meetings JdTrRepairs to be held as aforesaid, to give Orders for all and every such Repara-; make Con- ' tions of the said Church, and of such Parts of the Chancel thereof, as shall be necessary in consequence of the falling down of Part of the said Church as aforesaid, and for making such Pews, Scats, Galleries, and other Requisites and Conveniences therein, and for doing such other Matters anil Things relative to the said Church, as they shall think proper; and to make any Contract or Contracts with any Perfort or Persons effectuating the fame, and also to confirm all such Contracts as may have been entered into, and generally to make and do all such Orders, Matters, and Things as they shall think proper and necessary, fully and effectually to carry this Act into Execution; provided that no No Actvalid, Act, Order, or Resolution of the said Trustees shall be valid, unless u"yfciJViect done or made at some publick Meeting to be held pursuant to this Act; ing. and at all such Meetings the Acts, Orders, and Resolutions of the major Part of the Trustees present (the Number of Trustees present at such Meeting not being less than Five) shall have the fame Force and Effect as if done or made by all the said Trustees; and that where at Chsirmanto any Meetings the Number of Voices shall be equal, the Chairman, to j’l,aVyto*ecaft" be appointed at each such Meeting, shall have a Second and the calling ll>s °'ce' Voice,

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be No Alteration lawful for the said Trustees, with or without the Consent of the Vicar

and Churchwardens at the Vestry of the said Parish of Dagenham, to of the Com-make any Alteration in the ancient Situation or Dimensions of the Communion Table, or in the ancient Situation of the Pulpit or Reading without Li-Desk, or in the Decorations of the Walls of the Chancel or Church, cence of the without the Licence or Faculty of the Ordinary first had and obtained. ‘ lnary'

VI. And, for the more speedy railing Money for the Purposes of this Money to be

Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said An"

Trustees, and they are htreby empowered, from Time to Time, if they shall think it adviseable, to raise all or any Part of the Money necessary for the Purposes of this Act, by granting Annuities for Lives; and the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treassurers to the said Trustees, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorship, as the said Trustees shall think proper; so that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Twelve Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for a Year; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words or to the Effect following , f videlicet),

Y\7 of the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of Form of

‘ an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George Grailt-

the Third, intituled, \_set forth the Title of this Act] in Consideration of the Sum of paid by A.B. [or, if intended to be granted with Benefit of Survivorship, by C. D., E. F., (Ac.'] to the

‘ Treasurer

r 160

Or Part thereat upon Bonds.

M »nner of paying off

Uo;.ds.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

‘ Treasurer or Treasurers appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby

grant unto the said A.B. and his [or her] Aligns \_or if by Survivor-

‘ ship, unto the said C. D., E. F., CsV. and to the Survivors and Survivor ‘ of them] an Annuity or yearly Sum of out of the

‘ Rates or Affftl'ments arising by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity of ‘ yearly Sum of shall be paid to the said >A.B. or his

‘ [or her] Aligns, [or, if by Survive flip, unto and among them the said

C. D., E. F., isfe. and the Survivors and Survivor of them] at or upon

‘ the Day of in every Year, during

« and the First Payment thereof shall be made

‘ upon the Day of next ensuing

‘ the Date of these Presents.

In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals the ‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law; and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid tree from all Deductions out of the said Rates or Assetlments.

VII. Provided always, That in case the said Trustees shall think it adviseable to raise all or any Part of the Money necessary for the Purposes of this Act, upon Bonds, and to pay off the fame by Inffalments, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time or Times to borrow, for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, at Interest at Five per Centum per Annum; and the Money so to be borrowed, together with all Interest for the fame, shall be and is hereby charged upon and shall be payable out of the said Rates or Assessments: Provided always nevertheless, that in case all the Money which shall be required for the Purposes of this Act shall be borrowed upon Bond, the same shall be borrowed and raised upon Bonds of One hundred Pounds each, to be executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but if the said Money which shall be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be borrowed in Part upon Annuity or Annuities, and in Part upon Bonds, then such Part not borrowed upon Annuity or Annuities, shall be borrowed upon Bonds of Fifty Pounds each, to be executed by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid; and they the said Trustees are hereby required, at their Meeting to be held in the Veltry Room of the said Parish on the First Tuesday in the Month of fane, to pay off and discharge the Sum of One hundred Pounds at the lealt. Part of the Principal Money which shall have been so borrowed upon Bonds as aforesaid, if the whole Sum to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall have been borrowed upon Bonds as aforesaid, otherwise pay off and discharge the Sum of Fifty Pounds in Manner aforesaid, if Part is borrowed upon Annuity or Annuities and Bonds, and which shall then remain due upon the Credit of this Act.

VIII. And, that no Preference may be given in paying off such Bonds, be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall at their Meeting to be held in the Vellry Room of the said Parish, on the First Tuesday in the Month of December in every Year, cause the Numbers of all the said Bonds which shall be due and owing to the Creditors on the said Rates

or

ti6t

43° GEORGII ill. Cap. 62.

or Assessments, to be written on separate Slips of Paper or Parchment, and put separately into a proper Wheel or Box to be provided for that Purpose; and so many Numbers of the said Bonds shall be then and there drawn out by the Clerk, in the Presence of the said Trustees, as shall make up the Sum then intended to be paid off; which Numbers shall be then read by the Clerk, and delivered to the Chairman of the Meeting, who shall cause the same to be entered by the Clerk in the Minutes of such Meeting; and that Three Months Notice under the Hand of the said Clerk shall be given to the Person who shall be entitled to the Bond so drawn out, or shall be left at his or her last or most usual Place of Abode, that his or her Bond, and the littered due thereon, will be paid off, and that at the Expiration of the said Three Months, to be computed from the Day of such Notice given or left as aforesaid, all Intered on such Bond shall cede and determine.

IX. And be it further enacted, That an Entry or Memorial of all Grants and Bonds made for Securing the Money borrowed by virtue of this Act, and all Assignments or Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Grants and Bonds, shall be entered by the Clerk to the said Trustees in a Book to be provided for that Purpose; and that it shall be lawful for any Person entitled to any of the said Grants and Bonds, his or her f,xdcutor!i, Administrators, or Afligtis, at any Tinie or Times, by Writing under his or'hcf Hand, to assign or transfer such Grants and Bonds by Indorsement ‘ on the Back' thereof, in the Presence of One Witrvefs, to any Person Yvhomsoever; and all such Alignments and Transfers, after they shall be respectively made and entered as aforesaid, shall entitle the Persons to whom they shall be respectively made, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit cf all such Grants and Bends afltgried and transferred as aforesaid.

‘| A.B. do hereby transfer the within Mortgage Bond [cr Grant of ‘ Annuity! and all my Right and Title in and to the Principal Money ‘ and Interest [or Annuity! and all Arrears now due thereon thereby ‘ secured, unt|o C.D. his, [or her! Executors, Administrators, and ‘ Assigns. Dated the Day of

‘ Witness

X. Provided nevertheless* That no greater Sum in the Whole than Four thousand Bounds shall be raised by Loan oj- Mortgage, and by the Sale or granting of Annuities as aforesaid; and that before any such Money shall be borrowed or Annuity granted. Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in One or more of the Provincial Newspapers, signifying the Intention of borrowing such Money or granting such Annuities.

XI. And, in order to raise Money to defray the Expences of carrying ‘this Act into Execution, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, by. tire Order and Direction of the said Trustees, and they are hereby required from lime to Time whenfqever they the said Trustees shall find it necessary, in the usual and accustomed.Manner, to rate and assess alt Persons who do- or shall inhabit or occupy any Lands, Houses, or other Tenements or Hereditaments within the said Parish, in any Sum of Money not exceeding the Bate of One Shilling and Sixpence in the

[Loc. & Per.'] 13 P Pound

Securities ta be entered;

Form of Transfer.

Rates to be ma ie.

1162

Rates may Continue in force f >t several Years.

Rates where House* are let to several Families.

Recovery of Rates.

Power for Trustees to act, being Justices.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Pound in any One Year, of the yearly Value of such Lands, Houses, or other Tenements or Hereditaments, as the same shall be affdfed to the Church Rates of the said Parish; and that the Monies to arise from such Rates or AffdTments shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be collected by the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being; and the Money so to be collected shall from Time to Time be paid by the respective Churchwardens into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees; and such Rates shall take place and become payable from the passing of this Act, and continue for and during such Time as any of the Monies to be borrowed or Annuities to be granted upon the Credit of this Act, as herein-before is mentioned, shall remain owing or have Continuance, and no longer.

XII. Provided always, That the Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, in or for any Year, shall continue in force, and shall be collected and recovered in or for every subsequent Year, until the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being shall, by the Order and Direction of the said Trustees, make a new Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act, in like Manner as if the Churchwardens, by the Direfrions aforesaid, had made such Rate or Assessment in and for every subsequent Year.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person being Landlord or Tenant, who shall let his or her House in separate Apartments or ready furnished to a Lodger or Lodgers, or for any less Term than a Year, shall for the several Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and may be rated and assessed accordingly.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he or she shall be rated or alfelfed by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Fourteen Days after the same shall become payable as aforesaid, and after Demand in Writing delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for any Churchwarden of the said Parish, and he is hereby authorized and required, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every Person refusing to pay as aforesaid, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Essex; which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof made before them upon Oath of such Demand and Non-payment as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale: Provided always, that fdch Justices may grant any Warrant of Distress as aforesaid, and may do any other Act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding the y may or shall be Trustees for putting this Act in Execution.

Churchwar-

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Churchwarden of the said «ount°3C' ^o shall collect or receive any of the Monies arising by the said

Rates or Assessmems, shall, as often as thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver in Writing under his Hand to the said Trustees, or unto such Person as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account, and shall verify the lame on Oath (which Oath any One of the said

1163

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer), of all Money which he shall have collected and received, and shall pay unto the Treasurer or Treasurers all the Monies in his Hands; and if any such Churchwarden shall refuse or neglect to collect and receive the Sums to be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, or to account for the Money in his Hands as aforesaid, he shall for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; which Penalty, and also the Money in the Hands of any such Churchwarden, and which he shall refuse or neglect to pay as aforesaid, shall and may be levied and recovered by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Essex, directed to any Person or Persons, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted and paid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Monies to be raised and received by virtue of this Act shall be applied in the First Place in paying and defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and parting this Act, and the Remainder from Time to Time, in carrying the fame into Execution, and in paying the Interest of the Principal Monies so to be borrowed as aforesaid, yeaily or otherwise, as they the said Trustees shall think fit, and in paying the Annuities to be granted as aforesaid (if any); all such Payments to be made by the Treasurer or Treasurers, by Order under the Hands of the said Trustees; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall from Time to Time, when required by the said Trustees, deliver and give in a particular, true, and perfect Account in Writing, under his or their Hand and Hands, to the said Trustees, and verify the fame on Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) of all such Monies which he or they shall have respectively received and paid by virtue of this Act, and shall from Time to Time, when thereto required by the said Trustees, by No* tice in Writing under their Hands, pay all such Monies as shall be in his or their Hand or Hands to the said Trustees, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall by Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Surplus Monies which shall from Time to Time remain in the Hands of the said Treasurer or Treasurers, after such Payments made as aforesaid, shall, under the Direction of the said Trustees, be laid out and inverted in' Government Securities, at Interest, in the Names of the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, and any Four or more of the said Trustees; and the accumulating Interest and Dividends thereof shall from Time to Time be

laid out and inverted in like Manner, and so from Time to Time until thereby or otherwise a sufficient Fund shall be raised whereby to pay off and discharge all Monies so to be borrowed as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, and ail Expences and Charges attending the Execution of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, in case they shall think proper (instead of inverting or putting out such Surplus Monies at Interest as aforesaid), to

apply

Application of Monies raised.

Surplus Mo nies to be in vested in the Funds.

Power to pay otf Securities.

1164

Trustees may sue and be filed in the Name? of their Trca-fursrs.

No Persons shall be buried in the Church unless the Graves fh til be built with Brick, and arched over.

Allotment of Pews.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

apply the fame in Payment and Discharge of the Monies so to be borrowed as aforesaid, as far as the fame will extend and occasionally accrue.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trullees shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to be appointed under this Act; and that no Action that may be brought by or against the said Trustees or any of them, in relation to this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Treasurers, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer or Treasurers or either of them, or by his or their Act, without the Content of the said Trustees, but the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Actions, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Treasurer or Treasurers shall be reimbursed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event of any such Action or Proceeding, he or they shall be put unto, or shall have become charged or chargeable with, by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff and Plaintiffs, or Defendant and Defendants.

XX. And be it further enacted, That after the said Church shall by virtue of this Act be put into Repair, no Grave or Vault shall at any Time thereafter be made or allowed for the Interment or Burial of any Person or Persons whomsoever, in or under the Scitc of the said Church, unless the same shall be built on all Sides with Brick, and arched over with the fame Materials; and so as no Vault or Grave te sunk or made within Six Feet of the Wall, or any of the Pillars or Columns within the said Church; and that the fame do not exceed the Depth of Seven Feet from the Surface of the Pavement; and that no Corpse shall be interred in the Church Yard within Six Feet of the exterior Walls of the said Church.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Church shall be repaired and finished, and such new Seats or Pews as are intended to be erected therein shall be completed, the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, and the said Trullees, are hereby authorized and required (acting therein nevertheless in Subordination, and Subject to the Jurisdiction and Controul of the Ordinary) to allot and appoint the several Seats and Pews therein to the several Persons who now are entitled to Seats or Pews in the said Parish Church, to accommodate as many Persons as the Pews or Seats which such Person or Persons is or are now entitled unto, and to appropriate the Residue of such Pews for the Use of such other of the Inhabitants of the said Parish a3 in their Discretion appear to have the belt Right or Claim thereto; laving nevertheless and without any Prejudice to the Right of any Person or Persons who now is or are entitled to any Seat or Pew in the said Church, by virtue of any Faculty or Prescription: Provided always, that for the better Preservation of Uniformity in the Pews or Scats of the said Church, no Person entitled to any Seat or Pew by Faculty or Prescription, shall have his or her Seat or Pew in the Place where the lame now (lands, in case the same shall not be confident with the Uniformity of the Seats or Pews intended to be erected by the Authority of this Act j but in such Case

1165

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

such Person or Persons shall be entitled to One or more Seat or Seats or Pew or Pews, as near as can be to the Place where such Seat or Pew now stands, and the same shall forever after be deemed and taken as the Seat or Pew of fuel! Person or Persons; and also for the Purpose of preferring such Uniformity, no Person entitled to any Seat or Pew in the Paid Church, shall be permitted to affix any other Lining thereto, or to paint the fame of any other Colour, than shall be dirtfted by the said Trustees.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the old Materials which shall arise from the Alterations or Reparations of the said Church, shall be and the same are hereby vetted in the said Trustees, and they shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of the fame, or such Part thereof as they shall think fit and that the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Inhabitant of the said Parish of Dagenham shall and may and is hereby declared to be a competent Witness in any Action, Suit, Information, Complaint, Profectuion, Or Proceeding to be had, made, prosecuted, or carried on under the Authority of this Act, in such and the same Manner as such Person could or might have been in case he had been resident in any other Parish or Place.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, Resolutions, and Proceedings of the said Trustees, shall he entered and signed by the said Clerk in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, which Book or Books may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever; and that all Receipts, Payments, Debts, Credits, and Minutes of Contrafts, made by or with the Artificers or Workmen employed or to be employed in or about the repairing of the Lid Church, or any Matter or Thing relating thereto, shall be fairly written in One or more Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to be from Time to Time and at all convenient Times, open to the Inspection and Perusal of any Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay any Rates or Assessments by virtue of this Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Trustees herein-before named and hereafter to be appointed, shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter be amply and fully indemnified, from and out of the Monies to be raised under this Act, of and from all Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences, which they or any of them or their Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, shall and may iuftain and be put unto, for or by reason of any Action, Suit, or other Proceedings, which may be had. Cued, commenced, or prosecuted against them, any or either of them, for any Matter or Thing which may be by them re-(peftively legally done, in or about the Execution of this Act, and the Trust reposed in them under the lame.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Conviction, Judgement, Warrant, or other Proceeding to be had or made in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form; and that in

[Lee. ft? rer.'] 13 all

T» uftess Empowered to fell old Materials,

Inhnbitants to be Wit* nell'es.

Act*, etc. cf Trustees to be entered in a Book.

All Receipts, Payments, and Minutes of Contracts, to be also entered in a Book.

Indemnity to Trustees.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form.

1166

Appeal to the

Quarter

SelJions.

Limitation of Actions;

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

all Cases where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by any such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding, by virtue of this Act, if before such Action is brought Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall commit or cause to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Actions, by Leave of the Court wherein such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions wherein the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and not appertaining to the Jurisdiction of the Ordinary in that Behalf to redress, it shall be lawful for such Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County of Essex, who are hereby authorized and empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeals, such Appeal being made within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and the Person or Persons appealing giving Ten Days Notice at the lead in Writing of his, her, or their Intention of appealing as aforesaid and of the Matter or Cause thereof, to the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Pari (h, and within Three Days next after such Notice entering into Recognizance before One of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Essex, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide by the Order of such Sessions, and pay such Costs as shall be made and awarded therein by the Justices at such Sedions; and such Justices, upon hearing and finally determining the Matter of such Appeal, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to award such Costs to the Party or Parties appealing or appealed against, as they shall think proper; and their Determination in the Premises shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance or under Colour of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be given of the Cause thereof in Writing to the Treasurer of the said Trustees for the Time being, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed for which such Action or Suit shall be brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County where such Action shall arise; and the Defendant or Defendants in

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 62. 1167

such Action may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and every General issue.

Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had

thereupon; and if the Matter or Thing shall appear to have been done

under cr by virtue of this Act, or that such Action or Suit was brought

before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that fuf-

ficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such

Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury

shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become non-

suited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions; or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in any of the

[Treble Costs.]

Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs,

and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant

hath for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all Courts of Justice as a publick Act; and all Persons are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

I

'1 irn 'f; H tf

iiij:

% ' f . I, p

tl A? bn-

1 t - ' f'ykjy

Cn

n

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

4

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 63.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Gram-pound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aujlell and Lostwithiel, and thence to the East End of the Western-Taphoitfe-Lane, in the said County.

[1 ith June 1803.]

1 Geo. 3.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Gram-pound. in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Aultell and Lostwithiel, and from thence to the East End of the Western-Taphouse-Lane, in the said County: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year 21 Geo. 5. of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees acting under and by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and a considerable Progress hath been made in repairing and improving the said Road; but a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which still remains due and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened, improv-[ Loc. Per.3 13 A ed.

I 170

i t

Additional Trustees.

Repealine former Tolls and granting new ones.

Tolls.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

ed, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls by the said first recited Act authorized to be taken on the said Road should be repealed, and others granted instead thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained 'except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, or as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or hereafter to be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Ambrose Edward Ball, John Tre-vanion Purnel, Bettesworth Trevanion, William Carlyon, Esquires; James Andrew Carveth, Nicholas Crews, Nicholas Donnithorne, John Filkins, William Flamank the younger, Jonas Caved, Gentlemen; Francis Gregor, William Gregor Clerk, William Slade Gully, Sir Christopher Hawkins Baronet, John Next, William Hocker the younger, Clerk, James Hopwood, William Horc, John Sampson Jago, William Jane, Gentlemen; Charles Tre-vanion Kempe Clerk, James Kempthorne the younger, Nicholas Kendall, Charles Kendall Clerk, Henry Lakes, Philip Lyne the younger, John Norway, Nevel Norway the younger, Thomas Orchard, John Pearce, John Coleman Rajhlcigb, Matthew Roberts, George Soper, William Tallack, John Hearle Trcmayne, and John Veale, subject nevertheless to the Qualification contained in the said first recited Act, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts; and that the Trustees hereby appointed, together with the surviving or remaining Trustees appointed by or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall be and are hereby empowered to put the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And whereas the Tolls by the said Acts or either of them granted, have been found insufficient for the proper Improvement and Repair of the said Road; be it therefore enacted, That the said Tolls shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that instead thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall be erected in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Road; that is to say.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle (except Oxen) drawing any Carriage (except Chairs and Gigs, or other Carriages of the like Description), the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For

11 71

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

For every Chair, Gig, or other Carriage of the like Description, drawn by a single Horse, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Yoke of Oxen drawing any Carriage the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, laden or not laden, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, for a Score, and so in Proportion, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

For every Drove of Calves, Hog^ Sheep, or Lambs, for a Score, and so in Proportion, the Sum of Seven pence Halfpenny:

And on every Sunday during the said Term there shall be demanded and taken Double the said several Tolls hereby granted and made payable:

Which said several Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, shall be and the same are hereby verted in the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said first. recited Act respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Repealing Act as provides and enacts, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the vary J said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to vary or the Toll, alter all or any or either of the several Tolls thereby granted, as they shall think proper and fee Occasion, provided they do not at any Time exceed . the Tolls thereby granted, nor lessen nor reduce them until the Money so borrowed on the Credit thereof, with Interest for the fame, be repaid, unless the Person or Persons to whom the same shall at the Time of such Reduction be due, consent thereto, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, 10

or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to reduce, vary, or alter ToUs-

all or any or either of the several Tolls aforesaid, as they shall think proper and fee Occasion, and to raise the fame again, provided they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls granted by this Act, and provided such Reduction be with the Consent of Five-sixth Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall have advanced any Money on the Credit of such Tolls.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a Ticket at Tenge’s Gate shall ex- Tickets at empt from Toll, Cattle and Carriages passing through Saint Blazey’s Gate ('"e'ex^mpt on the same Day; and so likewise a Ticket at Saint Blazey’s Gate shall ex- at others, empt from Toll Cattle and Carriages parting through 7cage’s Gate; and also a Ticket at Pelyn Gate shall exempt from Toll Cattle and Carriages parting through Bridge End Gate and Wejiern-Taphouse Gate on the same Day; and so likewise a Ticket at Bridge End Gate or Wcjlorn-Taphouse Gate shall exempt from Toll Cattle and Carriages parting through Pelyn Gate; and that Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages having parted every or any Toll Gate erected or to be erected upon the said Road, and returning laden with other Goods in the same Day, shall pay Toll again.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the parting of this Carriages

Act, no Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage (except such as shall (he

be entitled to the Benefit of the Exemptions herein-after contained), having Fellies ’ any Wheel, the Tire upon the Sole or Bottom of the Felly whereof, or (7i)Tau-fnicre having any Drag, or Thing used as a Drag, the Sole or Bottom whereof than Half an

shall Inch front a

1172

flat Surface, shall not be drawn with a greater Number of Horses than are allowed by the General Act to Carriages having Wheels less than Six Inches broad.

Former Exemptions repealed.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

shall deviate respectively more than a Half of an Inch from a flat or level Surface, or although it shall not deviate more than Half an Inch therefrom, shall not rife as nearly as may be with an equal and regular Gradation from the Edges thereof to the Center, shall pass or be drawn on any of the said Roads with a greater Number of Horses than are allowed to Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other such Carriages respectively, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; and the Owner and Driver of every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall, for every Offence against the Provisions aforesaid, be respectively subject to the several Penalties imposed by the said Act on the Owner or Driver respectively, of Carriages drawn by more than the Number of Horses therein limited to such Carriages respectively, which said Penalties shall and may be recovered in the same Manner, and under the fame Restrictions and Limitations, as the Penalties imposed by the said Act may be recovered.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient that the several Exemptions from Payment of Toll allowed by the said first recited Act should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That all and singular the Exemptions from Toll granted and allowed by the said first recited Act, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse or other Bead, Cattle, or Carriage which shall be going unladen or empty for, or which shall be solely employed in conveying, or which shall be returning unladen or empty after having been employed only in conveying Materials for the Repair of any Turnpike Road or publick Highway, or Dung, Mould, Sand, Compost, or other Manure, or Hay, Straw, Fodder, Corn in the Straw, Potatoes, Turnips, or other Produce of Lands (except Timber and the Loppings of Trees, Bark, and Underwood), unfold or not for Sale; nor shall any Toll be taken for any Horse or other Bead or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture from One Parish to the next adjoining Parish, or to or from the being (hoed or farried, which shall not in so going or returning pass upon any of the said Roads for more than the Space of Two Miles; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship situate in the Parish in which such Person shall dwell upon Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Worftiip is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or any Person going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in either of the said Parishes; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages employed in conveying the Mails ot Letters or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-master General, either in going or returning full or empty; nor for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any such Officers or Soldiers wounded or disabled, or for Horses or Cattle employed only in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; and if any Person flrall take or claim the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid not being entitled thereto, such Person shall for such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than. Forty Shillings.

4-3* GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be fucd for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer, nor by the Act of any such Treasurer, without the Content of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be a Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action.

X. Provided always, That every such Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the First Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall bear, pay, expend, oi be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Litigation, or Prosecution, shall arise in any Way relating to the said Tolls, or in case of any Proceeding or Prosecution for the obtaining any of the Penalties imposed by the said recited Acts, or either of them, or by this Act, the Person or Persons appointed or duly authorized to collect the said Tolls, or any other Person acting by the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be competent to give Evidence in any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution; so as no such Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted against such Person or Persons without Fourteen Days Notice in Writing thereof being previously to him or them given.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land l ax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and

[Lot. ft? Per.] 13 S the

1173

Trusteri to sue an*J he lued in the N;«me of their Treasurer.

Trca'uier to he repaid hit Expences.

Toll Collec-lor or other Person to he a competent Wirnels.

Application of Uompen-fation Money where amounting to 200l.

U74-

Application where the M< ncy d 'es not amount to *oo/t and ft all cxue.l lo/.

Application whete the Money is less than 10 /.

Expences of the A 6V, hovr

to be paid.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, 'taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing un. determined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant Genoa!, in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the pividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, I enements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to oBtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

s rival

XIV. Provided also, and be it finther enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, 'shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Colls, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the said Trustees out of the First Money which shall come to their Hands by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein-before mentioned) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

117$

[Publick Act.]

Term of this Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

Jni

31'*>KIA^> Ov 4A

eioaa hi u^ioao

'¥°

fens gnnail* final' aril gnttfmjnoo ibfi nA rtitriT aril urTOj-fn fi£ 'ionawol jJj jjqtgifcbia lot r\ l i^T InsUnq aiH io rigbil aril o iuY biirij

:»V;

Ivu t ’u (.'quoj f\lo d

[.£o8x dir i i Wioitmm nbiarij ibaoHiadio

-'ft. vfw H&r \\W ' - A wi\ VjV. r\v , L>1 T f

-tjt; >Jl. iT Dili sir ' L . tvtt&l iLv. V vt&Vt tab ,tj2aa>

sidiwt.j.K. Um£ 3«J 3. ,.o^ -. j.iOt <*-< I ns aoiniawH m

has , SBjV» U* es.L ’ '. ;.. <b<4« k silsiO wits i > noM V> y»is£

mi Jtptflww >- *U'>ji *,.* *ii a*> ion «io <WcQ adJwuis

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 64.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadejbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned, [nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the 3J Geo. 3, Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intitu- recltsd'

led, An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadef-bourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned; rind whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid of, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, im-£Loc. is? Per.] 13 T proved.

1178 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

proved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, forne of the Powers and Provisions thereof in some Respects altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls by the said Act granted, increased , May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-coj'tmutAa f£nt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the ' u said recited Act, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be, and the same are hereby continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of tire said recited Act and this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, in Manner herein after mentioned'.

Additional

II. And be it further enacted, That, in Addition to the Trustees named pointed! ' *n> ant^ acting under and by virtue of the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Act, and their Successors, appointed since the passing of the fame, by virtue of the Powers therein contained, John Ashmore, Thomas Allies, James Allies, Richard Holmden Ampblett, William Amphlett, John Adams, Robert Berkeley junior of Spetchley, James Bingham, John Boughton, Philip Brookes» John Blew, William Blew, Richard Barnaby, James Bowyer, Martin Barr, Robert Brown, Thomas Bund, Thomas Bund junior, Thomas Burbage, ‘Richard Bridgewood, Christopher Burbage, Richard Burbage, James Bedford, John Bell, William Blackford, Henry Bullock, Thomas Brooks, George Brooks, John Baker junior, Thomas Wil-. Ham Waldron Baker, William Justice Burslem, Henry Burflan, Robert Brewjler, Richard Chambers of Boycot, John Chance, John Copfon, Charles Edward Somers Cocks, John Somers Cocks, James Somers Cocks, Samuel Crane, Benjamin Cowell, Robert Chamberlain, Humphrey Cham- berlain, Thomas Carden, John Carden, Denham Cookes, Jacob Corbett, Thomas Cooke, Daniel Crefwell, William Carpenter, William Connard, Thomas Collet, Richard Collet, John Collet, Samuel Collet, R uffell Collet, John Dowding, William Dowding, Charles Dowding, Archibald Duncan, Edward Downes, James Downef, William Dewes, John Dalloway, Henry Douglas, Robert Archibald Douglas, John Emufs, George Fownes, Richard Frances junior, William Fieldhouse, Benjamin Fitldhouse, John Green, Robert Golding, Thomas Gwinnell, William Gwinnell, Thomas Greening, William Green, Thomas Vincent Holbechc, William Heath Clerk, William Hicks, Thomas Hollington, Philemon Baylis Haynes, John Horton, Henry Dowler Humphreys, John Hcmus, John Jones of Droitwich, Elias Isaac, John Jakeman, Benjamin Jones, Thomas Jones, William Johnson, Thomas Ireland, Richard Kilvert Clerk, John I.eger Lamotte, William Lygon junior, John Lygon, Henry Lygon, Edward Lygon, Eian Lloyd, Wakeman Long of Worcester, John Laurence, William Lilley, Clement Lucas, William 3 Lucas,

U79

I

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

Lucas, John Lucas, Clement Lucas junior, Richard Nash, Humphrey Na/h, John NaJIs of Newland Common, John Pritchett Clerk, Henry Payton, George Parkes, Rawson Parke, John Pigot, Thomas Parkes, William Parkes, Isaac Parkes, John Parkes, William Parry, William Phillips, Edward Bookey Penrice, George Prefcolt, William Ricketts,

Robettfon, William Roe, John Robefon, Henry Robefon, John Read, 'Thomas Saint John, Ferdinando Smith, John Smith, John Smith junior, Robert Smith, Digby Smith Clerk, William Sandford, William Smith of Hadfor, Edward Smith, William Sanders, William Smitheringale, Thomas Sarfons, Thomas Sockett Clerk, Charles Sanders, John Frederick Tonyn Clerk, Aaron Test, John Tolley, William Tolley, Benjamin Tolley, James Taylor, George Thomas, John Taylor, William Fillers, Robert Fillers, Robert Vernon Clerk, Thomas Shrawley Vernon, John Wood, John Weir, John Williams of Worcester, Francis Williams of Worcester, Samuel Wall junior, Joseph Wytbes, Richard Windle, William Wythes junior, John Wheeler of Sadgbury, John Wall, Thomas Wall, George Wall, John Walford junior, John Wat erf on, James Wilkinjon, Richard Wattell, Henry Wakeman junior, Charles Wakeman, Matthew Wi/fon, William Wilson, Thomas Tate, and their Successors, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads in the above recited Act mentioned; which said several Roads, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be divided, and are hereby declared from thenceforth to be divided into Four several Dif-trifts, in Manner herein-after set forth; (that is to say), the Road leading from the End of Broad Street at the Market Cross in the City of Worcester, through the Borough of Droitwich, by a Lane called Harriot's Lane, within the said Borough, to Spadejbourne Bridge, in the Parish of Bromf-grove, and the Road or Lane called Claines Lane, leading from the Bottom of Red Hill in the Parish of Claines, into the Turnpike Road between Worcester and Ombersley; and the Road or Street called the Broad Street aforesaid, leading from the Cross aforesaid in the City of Worcester, to the Bottom of the said Street opposite the End of Newport Street, (during such Period as the said Trustees shall have Power and Authority over the said Road or Street called The Broad Street, under the said recited Act and this Act, and no longer), and also the Road or Lane called Salt Lane, leading out of the Tything of Whefiones, in the County of Worcester, to Saint Clement’s Gate in the City of Worcester; and also the Road or Lane called Saint Andrew’s Lane, leading from the South End of Harriot’s Lane aforesaid to the Market House in Droitwich aforesaid; and also the Road or Way leading from the North End of Harriot’s Lane aforesaid to Netherwich Bridge aforesaid; and also the Roads or Lanes called Frog Lane and Backbridge Lane, within the Borough of Droitwich aforesaid; and also so much of the Road between a Place call d The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droitwich and Bradley Brook, as lies between the said Chapel on the Bridge and the End of the Pavement near to the Turnpike Gate at the End of Hanbury Lane, as One District, by the Name and Distinction of The Worcester and Bromsgrove District; the Road from The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droitwich, to Bradley Brook, (except so much of it as is intended to be included in the before mentioned District), and the Road from a Place called Woolmore Green, over Hanbury Common to the Worcester Turnpike Road at Park Hall, as another District, by the Name and Distinction of The Hanbury and

Stoke

Roads divided into Distri&s.

n8o

Ti uftees to he cholen on Vacancies.

Former Toils repealed, and others granted.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

Stoke DiflriEl; the Road from a Place called Netherwich Bridge in Droit-with aforesaid, through Hampton Lane and I he Hyde Lane, to a Place called Low Hill, and also the Road leading out of the Road between Hampton Lane and Low Hill aforesaid, at a Place called Bradford Brook, through Curfeley Lane to Mtijlard Green, as another Dil'trict, by the Name and Diltinftion of The Hampton Lane Dislrifl; and the Road from the Top of the said Lane, called Saint Andrew's Lane in Droitwich aforesaid, to a Place called Holt Fleet, in the Parish of Ombersley, as another Did rift, by the Name and Diltinftion of The Ombersley Dislriff.

III. And be it further enacted, That, upon the Death or Refusal to act of any or either of the Trustees already named and appointed, or hereafter to be chosen by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Eleven or more of them, on the Second Monday in October yearly, at the Exchequer House Chamber, or some other Place within the Borough of Droitwich, to elect, nominate, and appoint such other Person as they shall see proper to be a Trustee in the Room.of every Trustee dying or refusing to act, but Notice of such Meeting for every such Election, and of the Time and Place in which the same shall be held, shall be published in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers published in and for the said County of Worcester, and also affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Roads, and upon the Door of the Town Hall in the said City of Worcester, and also upon the Door of the Exchequer House in the said Borough of Droitwich, at lead Ten Days before every such Meeting; and all Persons who shall be so elected, nominated, and appointed, are hereby empowered to act, in putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution, in as full and ample a Marnier as any of the Trustees named in or appointed by the said recited Act are empowered to do.

IV. And whereas the Tolls by the said recited Act authorized to be taken on the said Roads, are insufficient for the Purposes thereof; be it therefore enacted, That, from the First Day of July after the passing of this Act, the said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and instead thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken; (that is to say}.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calalh, Curricle, Hearse, or Litter, drawn by Three or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One or Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, with Four Wheels, and having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or upwards from Side to Side, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, with Four Wheels, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches from Side to Side, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Wain, Cart, or other Carriage with Two Wheels, and having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or

upward;

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 64# ti&t

upwards from Side to Side, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Wain, Cart, or other Carriage with Two Wheels, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches from Side to Side, at the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Dray, Sledge, or other Carriage, not drawn upon Wheels, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Calves, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Hogs, Swine, Sheep* or Lambs* the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number, passing through the Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected upon the feteral Roads comprised in the said District called The Worcester and Bromsgrove District; and also all and every the fame Tolls, with the Addition of One Half more, for every Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle passing through any Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected upon the Roads comprised in the Three several Other Districts called The Hanbury and Stoke Di/irift, The Hampton Lane District. and -1 he Ombersley District:

Which said several and respective Tolls by this Act authorized to be ^he raut"1 taken, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees for putting Trnttees. the said recited Act and this Act in Execution, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, raised, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, and Re-ftri lions, as are contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, but subject nevertheless to the Provisions and Regulations herein contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- Tonin'* tees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as shall be Sundays. authorized by them to collect the said Tolls, to ask, demand, and take,

at the several Toll Gates already erected or to be erected on the said Roads, for every Carriage, Horse, Beast, and other Cattle whatsoever passing through any such Gate or Turnpike, or any or either of them, on every Sunday throughout the Year, (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in every Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Sunday Night), Double the respective Tolls herein-before made payable for the fame Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, before such Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through such Cate or Turnpike, (except such Carriage, Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, as is or are exempted from the Payment of Toll on Sundays by the said recited Act).

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as To cease soon as the Debt which shall be chargeable on the said several Roads at

t [Loc. id Per.~\ 13 U the

13.82

Prom/<roeve DistricV, w hen Debt reduced to 3,700 /.

Only One Toll 10 he paid between Worcester ami Droitw'ub.k c.

Directing out of what Fund the' Expences of this Aitt shall be paid.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

the Time of passing this Act shall be reduced to the Sum of Three thousand seven hundred Pounds, then and from thenceforth the Sunday Toll hereby granted, so far as respects the said first mentioned District, shall cease and be no longer paid or payable.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees, or any of them, to collect or cause to be collected more than One of the Tolls herein-before mentioned, at any Time during the same Day, (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night), for any such Carriage, Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, passing through any Turnpike or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on the Worcester and Bromsgrove District, between the City of Worcester and the Town of Droitwich, or between the said Town of Droitwich and the Town of Bromsgrove aforesaid; and that all and every Person and Persons having paid the Toll aforesaid, at either of the Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on any Part or Parts of the said other Districts of Roads, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, (which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of such Toll), shall afterwards at any Time during the same Day, (to be computed as aforesaid), pass and repass with the fame Horses, Beads, Cattle, and Carriages Toll-free, through the fame Turnpike, and through all and every other Turnpike and Turnpikes, Side Gate and Side Gates, erected or to be erected upon the said Roads, in the said Three several Districts, called The llanbury and Stoke Dislrid, The Hampton Lane Dislrid, and The Ombersley D if rid; and also in passing and repassing between the Town of Droitwich and the City of Worcester, ot between the said Towns of Droitwich and Bromsgrove respectively, upon the Roads in the said District called The Worcester and Bromsgrove District; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that all and every Person and Persons having paid the said Toll or Tolls at any of the Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the Roads within the Worcester and Bromsgrove District. upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, (which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of such Toll or Tolls), shall at all Times during the same Day, to be computed as before mentioned, pass through any One of the Turnpike Gates upon the said Roads, in the Three several other Districts, upon Payment only of Half the Toll or Tolls paid by such Person or Persons on the said Worcester and Bromsgrove District, with the fame Horses, Beads, Cattle, and Carriages, and shall, upon producing a Note or Ticket, denoting such last Payment, i which Note or Ticket is hereby directed to be given gratis as aforesaid), afterwards at any Time during the same Day, to be computed as aforesaid, pass and repass with the fame Horses, Beads, Cattle, and Carriages, through the fame Turnpike; and also through all and every other Turnpike and Turnpikes, Side Gate and Side Gates, erected or to be erected upon the said Roads in all the said Three other Districts; any 1 hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, as well the Money which has arisen or been raised under any of the Powers of the said recited Act, and dill remaining undisposed of, as

I j also

43° GEORGII III. Gap. 64.

also the Money to arise and be produced by and from the Tolls granted by the said recited Act and this Act, for and in respect of the fr.id Roads ini the said first mentioned District) distinguished by the Name of The Worcester and Bromsgrove DiflriCl; and also all other Money which shall come to the Hands of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, in respect of the Roads in the said District, shall be and be considered as a separate Fund, and shall, in the first Place, Le applied in the Payment of the Expences incident to and attending the procuring, settling) obtaining, and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest of any Money to be borrowed for the Expenetsaforesaid, from the Time of advancing the fame until the Time of Payment, and afterwards in amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads in the said Worcester and Brun/grove District, and carrying this Act into Execution, so far as regards t,he Roads in the said District.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Money to arise and be produced by and from the Tolls granted by the said recited Act and this Act, for and in respect of the said several Roads in the said Three several other mentioned Districts, distinguished by the Names of The Hanbury and Stoke District, The Hampton Lane District, and The Ombersley District respectively, and also all other Money which shall come to the Hands of the said 'l'rustees or their Treasurer, by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, in respect of the said Roads in such Three Districts respectively, shall be and be considered as separate and distinct Funds, and shall be separately and distinctly applied in amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said several Roads in the said Three other Districts respectively, and carrying this Act into Execution, according to the Sum which shall arise and be produced from such Three Districts respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall hereafter be deemed necessary to ered a Bridge over the Brook at the said Place called Nether-nvich Bridge, situate in the said District called The Hampton Lane District, the Expence of erecting, building, and maintaining such Bridge shall be borne and sustained by the Tolls to be collected in the said Worcester and Bromsgrove District.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which the said Trustees may think necessary to borrow for repairing or improving the said Roads, shall be raised on the Security of the Tolls hereby granted of the Roads in the respective Districts for the Repairs whereof such Sum or Sums of Money shall be wanted, and that the Tolls arising and to be produced from the Roads in the District for the Repairs and Improvements whereof such Money shall be borrowed shall be alone charged and chargeable with the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and the Interest thereof respectively: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained fuall extend or be construed to extend so as to defeat, alter, lessen, or prejudice any Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money already borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls collected on the said Roads, but all and every such Security or Securities shall be as good, valid, and eft'edual as if this Act had not been made; and the several Tolls arising from all the Roads in the said Four several Districts shall be as heretofore, and remain a Security to all and every the Mortgagee and Mortgagees,

H83

Hireling the

Application of the Monies «o he received in certain Distncts.

Directing- ouff of what Fund Netberwich Bridge shall be built.

Money hereafter :o be borrowed for 1 he Repair of the Roads in th^ respective Districts, shall be charged upon the Tolls, SV.

,1184

Directing at what Places Mee:ings shall be held.

Impowering Two Trustees to inspect the Books, etc.

Gate Keepers to be competent Wit-neiiiss.

For Appointment cf temporary Collectors.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

and other Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money, before the passing of this Act, was due and owing on the Security of the said Tolls, for such Debts and Sums of Money, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Place of Meeting of the Trustees, for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act, shall be either at Worcester, Drmtwich, or Bromsgrove aforesaid, and no Meeting of the said Trustees shall be held at any other Place; and that the First Meeting of the said Trustees under this Act shall be held at the George Inn in Droit-tvich aforesaid, on the First Monday in the Month of July next, and shall thenceforward be adjourned to such Time and Place in Worcester, Droit* wich, or Bromsgrove, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time think proper.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Trustees acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, at all seasonable Times in the Day Time, and upon giving One Day’s previous Notice of such their Intention to the Clerk, Treasurer, or other Officer appointed by the Trustees, in whose Custody any of the Books and Papers relating to and concerning the said Trust shall, for the Time being, be lodged and deposited, to have recourse to and inspect and examine such Books and other Papers in the Custody of such Clerk, Treasurer, or other Officer, and to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, at their Will and Pleasure, without any Interruption from or by such Clerk, Treasurer, or other Officer, or any other of the said Trustees for the Time being, acting in the Execution of the said Trust:; and in case such Clerk, Treasurer, or other Officer, shall neglect or refuse to produce and shew such Books and Papers, and shall not permit the same to be inspected and copied as aforesaid, or shall m any Way interrupt such Trustee or Trustees in the Exercise of the Power hereby given, every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in such and the same Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures by the said recited Act are directed to be recovered, and shall be applied by the said Trustees in Aid of or Addition to the Funds of the said District called The Worcester and Bromsgrove Difrid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said respective Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the said respective Tolls shall neglect or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting held pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or being incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting

himself;

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

himself; and in such Case, and also in case any such Collector or Receiver shall die, any Two or more of the said Trustees as aforesaid shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Collector of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or would have been subject to; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said respective Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this or the said recited Act, or the Wife or Widow or any of the Children, Family, or other Repre-fentadve of any Collector or Receiver, who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building continued or erected by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Two or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, then and m any of the Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Borough, or Place, in whose Jurisdiction such Toll House or Building shall be situate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order and direct a Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or such new appointed Collector, into the Possession thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Tolls arising from all or any of the Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said respective Districts of Roads, shall at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons wftomsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear, by the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid, pursuant to the Agreement for letting the fame, then and in either of those Cases the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk, Treasurer, or other Person, authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall be at Liberty and they are hereby authorized to enter into and upon Possession of the Toll House or Toll Houses, with the Buildings, Weighing Machines, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, so let as aforesaid, and to remove and put out such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of the respective Tolls there made payable; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (if they shall think fit), to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes ffave as to the Covenants or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved as may be in Arrear or [Lee. Ss9 Per.] 13 X unpaid)

Il85

Enabling Trustees to take Polfcssion of Toll Houses when let to faim.

ii86

Penalty for 1 'diraa on footwa, s, etc.

Application ol Money paid for Compensation of Land, etc. when exceeding 100 /.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

unpaid) as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case, to demise or let to farm the said respective Tolls again to any-other Person or Persons, or cause them to be taken and col letted, as if no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into relative thereto.

.: ' ,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person Avail ride upon any Footway or Path, or shall wilfully drive any Carriage upon any Footway or Path adjoining to or on the Side of the said respective Districts of Roads, or shall wilfully cause any Damage to be done to any such Footway; or if any Person driving any Pigs, Swine, Sheep, or Cattle, upon the said Roads, shall suffer the same to flop on the said Roads, or root up and damage the fame or any Part thereof, or the Hedges, Fences, or Banks on either Side thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall turn any Horses, Asses, Sheep, Swine, or Cattle, to departure in any of the said Roads; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left Side of the said Roads; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from parting him upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, under his Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Fire Work whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of any Person travelling thereon, every Person so offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the likeUfes, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Avail be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon

1187

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

such and the likeUfes, Trust, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until such Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so lav as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Lime being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Where exceeding 20/. and leis than a go /.

Where less than 201*

x 18 8

Limitation of Actions.

[Publick Act.]

Term of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, until One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be thereof given to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County of Worcester, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue Not Guilty, and give the said Act and this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Act and this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if the said Action or Suit shall be brought before One Calendar Month’s Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or Tender as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Colls of Suit in any other Cafe by I.aw; nor shall any Person or Persons who shall offend against the said recited Act or this Act be sued or prosecuted, or be liable to pay any Penalty or Forfeiture laid or inflicted by the said recited Act or this Act, after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Offence committed; any Thing herein or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons 'whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Act shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine; and that the said Act (subject to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

i|*jM*

Cap.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon.

[1 ith June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the jj Geo. 2. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for repairing fveral Roads leading to the Town of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon: And whereas an Act was passed in the 14 Geo. S’ Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His laid present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Adb, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed (cv-ral considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unlel's the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore [Loe. Cj1 Per.] 13 T please

1190

Act furihtr continued.

Additional Trustees.

Application of Compensation Money where

ainiimting t<

tool.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by anJ with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that the said recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things, therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Dudes, and also except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose from Time to Time of repairing, widening, and improving the said Roads in the said recited Acts mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, and the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Amendments, and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or which shall be borrowed for the Use of the said Roads on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Henry Holland the younger, John Morth Wool/combe, John Inglett Fortescue, Arfeot Bickford, Richard Clacky Richard Holland Clerk, Thomas Tyrwhitt, John Eastabrooke, James Holman Mason Clerk, John Hawkes, John Davy Foulkes, Henry Woollcombt M. D., George Boughion, Thomas Cory Hawkes, John Sarjeant, John Tattershall, and John Taltershall the younger, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution, in such Manner as in the said recited Acts and this Act mentioned, directed, and prescribetf; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated and appointed Trustees in and by the said recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any DHability or Incapacity, as in the Lid recited Acts particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fuinmary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 65. 1191

said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the D scharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, or aflfecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith, to the fame or the4ike Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effefl; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Here- compendtioa ditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- M‘*ney shall longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability

or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred exceed 10/. Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Mtfpiey, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, wthout obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, (Hall be less where the than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall be applied JJan

to

ng2

For defraying the ( harges of the AA.

Publick Aa.

Commencement and 'Firm of the

a a.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 65/

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Arts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath already arisen by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the fird Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations and Additions herein contained) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

r

ANNO QJJADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 66.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from

Whitechapel Church rh the County of Middlesex, to Shenfeldy and the furthermost: Part of the Parish of Woodford towards Epping, and from the causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the End of the said Parish of Woodford next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodjord Roads.

[ 11 th fune 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act Geo. v for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Whitechapel Church in the County f Middlesex, to Shenfieldr and the furthermost Part of the Parish c/'Woodford towards Epping, and from the causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the End of the said Parish (^Woodford next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of LfTex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel- Church tot he Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads: And whereas the 1'ruf-tees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Act,

[Lor. d? Per.'] 13 Z which

ii94

Slid Act continued.

For repelling former Tolls and granting new ones.

Toll*.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

which Money dill remains due and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads beeffectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said recited Act be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof amended, altered, or enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls thereby granted should be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained ("except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fatpe were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Act, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And whereas the Tolls authorized by the said recited Act to betaken on the said Roads have been found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Act; be it therefore enacted, That the said Tolls shall on the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, cease and be no longer paid or payable; and that instead thereof the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which have been or shall be erected in, upon, or on the Side or Sides of the said Roads; that is to say.

For every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, or Gala fit, drawn by One Horse or Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Berlin, Landau, Calalh, Hearse, or Pleasure Carriage, drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by Three or Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence:

' For every Cart or other such like Carriage, with Wheels of the Bread-h of Six or less than Nine Inches in the Fellies thereof, and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught abreast, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other such like Carriage, with Wheels of fess Breadth than Six Inches in the Fellies thereof, and drawn by Two or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of OneShilling and Sixpence: For every Can or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught only, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Dray or other such like Carriage, drawn by One or more Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling i For every Waggon, W’ain, C-art, or other such like Carriage, with Wheels of Six Inches or more, and drawn by more than One Horse or Beast of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, with Wheels of Nine Inches or more, and drawn by more than Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

- For

H95

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby verted in the Trustees rolfwested for putting the said recited Act and this Act in Execution; and the fame in the Truf-and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, alligned, lessened, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Act respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken on the said Roads.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Driver of any Penalty on Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, or other Carnage, laden or unladen, shall le4V*

set, place, or leave the fame (except on Account of some Accident having g0nt, tu. on happened thereto, and then only until such Time as the fame can be con- the Roids-veniently removed or repaired) in any Part of the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or put any Rubbish, Dung, Comport, Clay, or Grain, or shall suffer any Oxen, Cows, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or other Cattle to lie or loiter in the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or shall set, place, or leave any Timber or Trees, or other Matter or Thing thereon, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof either on his own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One Justice of the Peace for the said respective Counties, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, w’hich said Penalty shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; and for want of sufficient Distress within such respective Counties, such Justice is hereby empowered and required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such respective County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

IV. And whereas Persons concerned in building and repairing Houses and For prevent-other Works, frequently inclose or otheru'ife occupy Part of the said Roads !,"|cA"noJh, for the making of Mortar and the depositing of Bricks, Lime, Timber, and Road«. other Materials, to the great Annoyance, Obstruction, and Danger of Paf-lengers and Carriages parting and repassing on the said Roads, and to the Detriment thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall erect, build, or set up, or cause to be erected, built, or set up, any Inclosure, Ports, Bars, or Rails, or lay, place, or deposit any Bricks, Lime, Timber, or other Materials in or upon any Part of the said Roads, without the Consent of the said Trustees in Writing first had and obtained, or beyond such Bounds or Limits, or without such Inclosure or Hoard as shall be directed and allowed by the said Trustees, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, to cause the same to be removed, taken, or carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places as the said Trustees shall direct or appoint, there to remain and be kept until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all Coils,

Charges, and Expences attending the removing, taking, carrying away, depositing, and keeping the lame as aforesaid, such Colts and Expences being first settled and ascertained by any One Justice of the Peace for the said, respective Counties; and such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit and pay

any

1196

For preventing Accidents by Personifuri-ouHj driving their Carts, etc. agiinll any other Carts, ac.

Carriages' laden with Potatoes, etc tub)ect to bt weigh-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings to be af* certained by such Justice.

V. And whereas Accidents do happen, and Mischiefs are frequently done by Persons driving Carts and other Carriages on the said Roads, for Remedy whereof in future, be it enacted, That if the Driver or any other Person or Persons having the Care of any Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, or Waggon, shall by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour cause any Hurt, Damage, or Injury to any Person or Persons, or to any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage travelling on the said Roads, or shall quit the said Roads, and go on the other Side of the Hedge or Fence inclosing the said Roads, or wilfully be at such a Distance from such Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, or Waggon, or in such a Situation (whilst the same shall be passing on the said Roads) that he or they cannot have the Direction, Care, and Management of the Horses drawing the fame, or shall by Negligence or wilful Misbehaviour prevent, hinder, or interrupt the free Passage of any other Carriage whatever, or of any of His Majesty's Subjects; or if the Driver of any empty or unloaded Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, or Waggon, shall refuse or neglect to turn aside and make way for any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, loaded Waggon, Cart, or other loaded Carriage; or if any Person shall drive or aft as the Driver of any such Coach, Chaise, Poftchaife, or other Carriage let for Hire, or any Waggon, Wain, or Cart, not having the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof painted thereon as by Law required, or shall cover over and conceal such Name or Names from being seen and read, or shall refuse to discover the reaj and true Christain and Surname, and Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Carts or other Carriages, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being lawfully convicted of any such Offence, shall forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings, in case such Driver be not the Owner of such Cart or other Carriage; and in case the Offender or Offenders be the Owner or Owners of such Cart or other Carriage, then any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and in case of Non-payment of such Penalties upon Demand, such Person or Persons shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said respective Counties, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, there to remain until such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied j and the Driver of any such Carts or other Carriages in any or either of the said Cases, shall and may by Authority of this or the said recited Act, with or without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, be apprehended by any Person or Persons who (half fee such Offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed and delivered over to a Constable or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said respective Counties, to be dealt with according to Law; and if any such Driver, in any of the said Cases, shall refuse to discover his Name and Place of Abode, it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom he shall be taken, or to whom any such Complaint shall be made, to commit such Driver to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said respective Counties, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or otherwise to proceed against him for such Penalty as aforesaid in such Manner as such Justice shall think proper, for the Recovery thereof; and the Owner or Owners of such Cart, Car, Dray, Wain, Waggbn, or other Carriage shall be answerable for such Penalty or Penalties incurred and forfeited by the Driver or Drivers thereof.

VI. And whereas great Damage and Injury are frequently done to the fit id' Roads by Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages employed in carrying and

> conveying

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 66,

conveying Potatoes, Turnips, Cabbages, Wash, Grains, and other such like Articles, carrying heavy and exceilive Weights, and which by the Laws now in Force are not subject to any of the Regulations and Restrictions made and established respecting the Weight of Lading by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Turnpike Roads within this Kingdom; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages which shall be employed in carrying and conveying any Potatoes, Turnips, Cabbages, Wash, Grains, and i'uch like Articles, or with any or either of them, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be subject and liable to be weighed at any Weighing Machine erected or to be erected in pursuance of the said first recited Act or this Act; and shall be subject to the several Directions, Regulations, and Restrictions, respecting the Weight of Lading, and to all the Penalties and Forfeitures for Over-weight as are contained in the said Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, any Thing herein or in the said first- recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, by virtue or on Account of the said first herein-before recited Act, or of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, but the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being respectively to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant, in such Action (as the Case shall be): Provided always, that such Trustees, and every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any such Action shall be commenced, sued, prosecuteti, or defended in pursuance of the said first herein-before recited Act and this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of any Money to arise by virtue of the said Act and this Act, all such Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Proceedings they or he shall respectively be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said first herein-before recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first herein before recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affeding the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame

[Lee. Per. J 14 A or

ed at the

Weighing

Machines.

Trustees to sue amt he futd in the N me of their L'lei k or Treasurer.

Application of Compen-fat ion Money when exceeding zoo/.

1198

Application where the Compensation Money does not exceed aoo/. and above ao /.

Application wtieie the Money is Itfs than ao I.

Fo? paying the Expence* of the Act

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invelted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid. Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invelted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cares the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trullees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all the Colls, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be

Il99

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said first herein-before recited Act and this Act in Execution, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said Act, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice ofasfuchby all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specialty pleading the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said first herein-before recited Act shall upon the passing hereof, ceale and determine; and that the said Act (subject to the Alterations herein-before mentioned) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Perliring Hi( Act

pu-.l.cki

Fix:ng the Tei-in of the

vet.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

a. jl:

O' 41 Ofcli*30*. /' I Up r:A

2UMS - III naKoa

o5ttwt© i^O; rV ’. . ~ Cs

* t- .

AO

►fl!» f'fir it gftibftist iu . :>t pi.

\>*\ sriJ wrll crt, /\%'wnrrV». to j woT ^ifaf

(tf £»e>#$utaOTl !..-u iA^di-rt ° bo* iw, <;

&v v \tCv «o H 2.- u r

S fv f. '^2. 'fc " ' r-J st< (.; . im V

: r;

»«wf arft m *«w^ ooi^ *a ld btoR *j« ZA1S13HY

*‘J irjepi 5i(i d^4*' »^p£ x. >n*r</> xl* n i ti i nft fc»

""* -"i Ct f‘* t"i: Snll s' * - *;

». ,i» - ,fA». at a.

?k-> 4 !mk . >tj4*»3i Lc- >-i bueij' vi i»ur

vr<,... J - !>-... rt- sy*' !i -: 9»% JksAM*m ni —m r%<v-

fU ' I.i - *? rnJk Mb - ft-M3 ,iiii.'i

M ,v y- li it.- - '! >ff- vt-rf bet, »j< h

.«t! - . ..A i vl ,' .-i. _jck Mhiuj sttiiT Mb

; Vi s?'

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 67.

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel, to the Junction of the Pet-worth and Pulborough Roads, and from thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Fittleworth Common, in the County of Sussex.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, through the several Parities of Arundel, Houghton, and Bury to the Junction of the Petworth and Pulborough Roads in the Parish of Bury, and from thence towards the Town of Petworth to the Turnpike Road on Fittleworth Common, is in a ruinous State and Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, and improved by the ordinary Course of Law: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Lord George Henry Lenox, Sir Cecil, Bifshopp Baronet, Sir George Trustees Thomas Baronet, Sir George P cknell Knight, the Mayor of Arundel for the Time being, Charles Alcock Clerk, Thomas Bushby, Robert Bushby,

: [Lee. S35 Per.~\ 14 B John

1202

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

John Bujbby, Robert Blake, John Byass, Benjamin Brown, Edward Carle-ton, Edmund Cartwright Clerk, James Dallaway Clerk, Charles Dunsler Clerk, William Fowler, Edward Fuller, James Holmes Goble, William Grat-wick, William Groome Clerk, John Cheele Green Clerk, Robert Fiurjl, Henry Howard of Arundel, John Holmes, William Holmes, Joseph Flindc, John Jbbet/on William Kinlejides, George Lane, John Lane, Jeremiah Lear, William Mitford, George Montague, George Mant, Edward Puttock, William Plowden M. D., John Sargent, Walter Smyth, Byjhe Shelly, Timothy Shelly, William Stiles, John Shaft the elder, John Shaft the younger, Edward Staier, Robert Sayers Clerk, Thomas Shaft, John Whyte, Richard Wyatt, and Thomas White, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, alteiing, and improving the Road herein-before described, and for putting this Act into Execution; and that when and as often as any of the Trustees herein-before named, or to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under their Hands refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time, to elect some fit Person to be a Trustee in the room of every Trustee dying or refusing to act as aforesaid, (Ten Days publick Notice of the Meeting for every such Election being given in some Newspaper published or circulated in the said County, and also upon the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then (landing upon or across the said Road); and every Person who shall be so elected a Trustee shall be joined with the surviving or remaining Trustees, and is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

Qualification

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall ot Trustees. be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person having such an Estate of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified shall nevertheless act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings which shall have been done and performed by any such Person touching the Execution of this Act previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Trustte: may Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act: Pro-act as justces. vided always, that such of the said Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Sussex, may nevertheless act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested; but no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act in any Case

where

1203

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

where he shall be concerned in Interest, or during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Meetings of Norfolk Arms Inn in Arundel in the said County of Sussex, upon the Fourth Trustee" Tuesday next after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet at the fame, or any other Place or Places near the said Road as often as the said Trustees shall think necessary, for putting this Act into Execution; and if it shall at any Time happen that there shall not meet a Number of Trustees sufficient to act, then any Two or more of the said Trustees,

(although not assembled at a Meeting), or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall appoint a Meeting to be held on that Day Three Weeks at the Place where such intended Meeting was appointed to have been held, and shall cause Notice thereof to be advertised in some Newspaper published or circulated in the said County, and to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon or across the said Road, at least Seven Days before such Meeting, and that there shall be One General Meeting of the said Trustees on the First Tuesday in Augwjh in every Year at such Place as the said Trustees shall appoint; and the said Trustees at all the:r Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and that all Acts, Orders, Determinations, Matters, and Things by this Act authorized, directed, mentioned, or expressed to be done, made, or performed by the said Trustees, shall be done, made, or performed at such Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise, (except in such Cases as are hereby otherwise expressly mentioned), and the fame may be done or performed by the Majority of the Trustees present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present at any such Meeting not being less than Five, and the same shall be as valid as if done or performed by all the said Trustees:

Provided always, that no such Order be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting unless the Number of Trustees revoking or altering the same shall be Nine at the least and unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke or alter such Order shall give Notice thereof to the Clerk, to the said Trullees, who shall cause the same to be inserted in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County, and lobe affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then Handing upon or across the said 1ft:. i at least Fouiteen Days previous to any Meeting to be held for that Purpose; any Thing herciu-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may from Tniftejs wiy Time to Time appoint aTreasurer and Clerk, and also such Collectors of ^PP"mt

the Tolls, Surveyors, and other Officers, as they fhril think necessary, and may from Time to Time remove any such Officers when they shall see Occasion: Provided nevertheless, that when any Collector of the Tolls to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall die, refigu, or become incapable of performing his Duty, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Collector of the Tolls in the Stead of such as shall die, rel'tgn, or become incapable of performing his Duty as aforesaid; and the Person so appointed shall txave the fame Authority for the collecting

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

and recovering of the Tolls hereby granted as the Person he shall succeed was verted with, until the said Trustees shall at a Meeting appoint a Collector of the Tolls in his Stead.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers as shall be appointed by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall, as often as required by the said Trustees, render and give to them, or to such Person as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, with the proper Vouchers, of all Monies which they shall respectively to such Time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices, and shall verify such Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, (which Oath the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and in case any Money so received by any such Officer shall remain in his Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person as they shall by Writing under their Hands authorize and empower to receive the same; and if any such Officer shall refuse or wilfully neglect to render and give such Account, or to produce and deliver up such Vouchers, or to verify such Account upon Oath as aforesaid, or shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, refuse or neglect to render and give up to them, or to such Person as they shall direct, all Books, Papers, Writings, Matters, and Things in his Hands, Custody, or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then any Justice of the Peace for the County, where the Officer so making Default shall be or reside, shall and may, upon Application made to him for that Purpose by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, make Enquiry of and concerning any such Default, in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Party, as by the Testitnony of any credible Witness upon Oath, which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), and by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money as shall appear to him to be due and unpaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer, rendering to him the Overplus (if any) after the Money remaining due, and the Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted; and if such sufficient Distress cannot be found, or if it shall appear to any such Justice, in Manner aforesaid, that any such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to give such Account, or to verify the fame in Manner as aforesaid, or to deliver up all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of his Office, or of this Act as aforesaid, such Justice shall commit him to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account, and verify the fame in Manner aforesaid, and shall produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money (if any) remaining in his Hands as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said Trustees, or compounded with the said Trustees for such Money, and paid such Composition according to their Direction, or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction to the said Trustees concerning the same, which said Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive; but no such Officer who shall be committed on Account of his not having sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months; and the said Trustees shall and may out of the Money arising by virtue of

1205

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

this Act, make such Allowance to every such Clerk, Collector, Surveyor, and-other Officer, for or in respect of his Care and Pains in the Execution of his Office, and to such other Persons as shall have been employed in the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem reasonable; but no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit No Victualler under the said Trustees who shall fell any Wine, Ale, Spirituous Liquors, or Provificns by Retail: Provided always, that the said Trustees shall and ofleer to are hereby required to take such Security from ever)' such Treasurer and Security, other Officer to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and are may

hereby authorized and required, as soon after that Part of the Road called 11 "

Bury Hill shall be sufficiently amended and altered, to cause to be erected such Turnpike or Toll Gate in, upon, or across such Part of the said Road in the said Parish of Bury, between the Foot of Bury Hill opposite the Barn and Farm Yard belonging to Bury Farm called East Oar Barn, and the Junction of the said Road leading to Petworth and Pulborough, as they shall think proper; and the said fruflees are hereby required and empowered to cause any other Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Toll Gate, to be erected or set up at or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, and within the Limit where the principal Turnpike or Toll Gate is hereby authorized to be erected across any Roads, Lanes, or Ways leading into the fame, and also such Toll Houses adjoining or near to the said respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Toll Gate, or any of them, as to the said Trustees shall seem requisite and expedient, and may, if they think proper, take in and inclose from the said Road convenient Garden Spots to such respective Toll Houses, or any of them; and the Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at each of the said respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Toll Gate, or any Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be erected upon or across any Part of the said Road, before any Florfe or other Beast or Cattle shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Tolls. Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaise, Calaffi, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches and upwards from Side to Side, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Nature, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches from Side to Side, the Sum of Three-pence; and for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, drawing any Waggon, or other Carriage, not having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches from Side to Side, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any lesser Number:

[.Lee. Per ] 14 C ' And

1 206

Double Tel! oa Sundays.

Tolls vested in the Trustees, and Manner of Recovery.

Tolls to be paid but Once a Day.

43° GEORGII III. Cap.br.

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any lesser Number.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Toll Gatherers or Collectors on the said Road, and they are hereby authorized and required on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on the Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night) in each and every Year, to demand and take for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Steer, Gale, and Bull, drawing or not drawing, and for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, and Lambs, Double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded or taken for the fame respectively on any other Day by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, fha.ll, after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for such Collector to seize and distrain any Horse or other Bead or Cattle upon which any such Tolls are by this Act imposed, belonging to any Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing or liable to pay the Tolls as aforesaid, (except the Bridle or Reins of any such Horse or other Beast separate from such Horse or other Beast); and if such 'foils, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Horse or other Beast so seized and distrained, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have paid the TtJlls hereby granted at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act upon or across any Part of the said Road, shall on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of tire Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) be permitted to pass and repass any Time or Times, as often as he shall think proper, with the fame Horse or other Beast or Cattle for or in respect of which such Tolls shall have been paid, through the fame Turnpike or Toll Gate at which such Tolls shall have been paid, and also through any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected or set up at or near the Sides of the said Road across any Roads, Lanes, or Ways leading into the fame, next or near to the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates at which such Tolls shall have been so paid, without being subject to the Payment of any further Toll; and that every Person who shall have paid the Tolls hereby granted at any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act at or near the Side of the said Road, across any Road, Lane, or Way leading into the fame, shall on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid) be permitted to pass and repass at any Time or Times, as often as he shall think proper, with the fame Horse or other Beast or Cattle for or in respect of which such Tolls shall have been paid, through the fame Turnpike or Toll Gate, and also through such of the Turnpikes or Toll

Gates

1207

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

Gates to be erected upon or acr&ls the said Road next or near to the find Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected near the Side of the said Road, at which such Toll shall have been so paid, and at which such Horl’e or other Bead or Cattle shall fird pass through, after such Tolls shall have been so paid, without being subject to the Payment of any further Toll, such Persons respectively producing Notes or Tickets denoting such respective Payments, which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis upon Receipt of the 'lolls: Provided always^ that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed to extend to charge any Person or Persons who shall have paid the said Toll at any One of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, with the Payment of anymore or further Toll for the fame Horse or other Bead or Cattle in any One Day, (to be computed as aforesaid), on producing a Note or Ticket for that Purpose, to be had in Manner before directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they Tolls miy be are hereby empowered from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, "'P0U:lded to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at

any One Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Farms,

Parishes, Hamlets, or Places near to or through which the said Road hereby directed to be repaired do lead, for the passing of their Horses,

Carriages, and other Beads or Cattle through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act, which Composition Money shall be paid in advance; and in Default thereof the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default diall be void.

XI. Provided always, and be it further cnatted and declared, That no E.<eniw:o-is Person shall be charged with or subject to the Payment of any of the said ‘

Tolls, for or in respect of any Horses or other Beads or Cattle employed in drawing or conveying any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any Roads or Highways within any of the Parishes or Townships through which the said Road leads, or employed in carrying or conveying any Dung, Mould, Compod, Lime, or other Manure, for manuring and improving of Land, or carrying or conveying any Hay, or any Corn in the Straw to be laid up or placed in the Houses or Barns, or upon the Lands of the respective Inhabitants of the said Parishes or Townships; or for any Horses or Beasts of Draught going to or returning from, or in conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to or employed by any such Inhabitants in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for or in respect of any Horses, Cattle, or Sheep, going to or returning from Padure or Watering Places, or Horses going lo or returning from being fltoed; or for any Horses, or other Beads, employed in conveying from one Part of the Kingdom to another the Mail or Packet which shall be made up under the Authority or Direction of His Majesty's Podmader General, or his Deputy or Deputies; or for or in respect of any Horses belonging to any of the said Inhabitants going to or returning from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, to which they usually resort on Sundays, or any other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within any of the said Parishes or Townships, or from any Clergyman going to perform or returning from his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from visiting his sick Parishioners; or for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers*

upon

1208

Penalty on evading Tolls.

Tolls may be let.

For (hutting tip Part of old Road after the new Road shall be made.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

upon their March, or upon Duty, or for any Horses or other Beads or Cattle employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Horses carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Palfes; or for the Horses of any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Sussex during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse or other Bead or Cattle whatsoever pass through any Land or Ground adjoining to or lying near any Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, the fame not being a publick Highway, or if the Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons, with any Horse or other Bead or Cattle to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be avoided; or if any Person shall give to or receive from any Person, other than the said Collectors of the said Tolls, any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the said Collectors, or shall forge or counterfeit any such Ticket, or make use of any such forged or counterfeited Ticket knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with the Intent that the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be avoided; or if any Person shall forcibly pass through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates with any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, without Payment of the Tolls for the fame; or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Bead or Cattle from any Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Road any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, or any Goods, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times, to set, demise, and to farm let the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the fame, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any One Time (Twenty Days Notice of the Intention of such letting or setting being given in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be danding upon or across the said Road), for the bell Rent they can get for such Tolls, to be payable quarterly in advance to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer, with such Covenants therein to be contained as the said Trustees shall think proper and requisite.

XIV. And whereas a certain Part of the present Line of Road leading out of the High Street of the said Town of Arundel to the said Village of Bury, is in some Parts narrow, incommodious, and dangerous, and the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk is now making at his own Expence

anew

1209

r*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

a new Road, leading through his own Grounds from the said High Street of Arundel towards the said Village of Bury, which will be more commodious and convenient to the Publick; be it therefore further enacted.

That as soon as the said Duke of Norfolk shall at his own Expence have completed the said new Road, and made it fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, Two of them being Justices of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to authorize and enable the said Duke of Norfolk to shut up and flop the said old Road in Manner directed by an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and re.iuce into One Act of Parliament the Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Publick Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; and that the same shall from and after be deemed as private Property, and vested in the said Duke of Norfolk, his Heirs and Assigns; and that from and immediately after the flopping and (hutting up the said old Road as aforesaid, such new Road shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken as a publick Road, and shall be vested in the said Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said For ‘ Trustees to borrow and take up at Inierelt such Sum or Sums of Money, ing ‘ °n'y‘ not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, as they shall think fit, upon the.Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof (the Charges of such Mortgages or Assignments to be paid out of the said Tolls), to any Person or Persons, for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Re-payment of the several Sums that shall be so borrowed, with the Interest thereof; which Assignments shall be according to the Form following; (videlicet

dY vhtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-third Year of Form of

‘ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of Ai,1£nment*

the Aft~] We, or more of the Trustees for carrying the said Act

« into Execution, in Consideration of the Sum of

« to the Treasurer of the Road by the said Act directed to be amended < in Hand paid by do hereby grant, bargain, fell,

c and demile unto the said Execu-

, tors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising , by virtue of the said Act as the said Sum of doth

, or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the c Credit of the said Tolls, to be had and holden from this , Day of for and during the Continuance of the said Act,

, unless the said Sum of

t with the Interest thereof, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given , under our Hands and Seals this Day of .’

And Copies of all such Mortgages and Assignments shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trullees; but no Money shall be borrowed unless Notice be for that Purpose given in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then Handing in, upon, or across the said Road, at lealt Fourteen Days before the borrowing [Loc. Ss5 Per.] 14 D thereof;

1210

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

thereof; and all Mortgages or Alignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on such Security in the Presence of One credible Witness; which Transfer shall be according to the Form following; (videlicet),

Form of ‘ T DO transfer this Mortgage, and all the Principal and Interest now

Transfer. < A jug thereupon, unto Executors, Administrators, and

Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal this Day

‘ of

All which Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and after such Entry made every such Transfer shall entitle the respective Assignees or Persons to whom the same shall be made, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making any such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby due on any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned Creditors on such Tolls in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or the Dates of such Assignments.

Application

XVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Find Monies arising

of Money. by the Tolls which shall be col left ed by virtue of this Act, or out of the

First Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, the said Trustees shall in the First Place pay and discharge all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and after Payment, Satisfaction, and Discharge thereof, all the Money which shall arise by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and Toll Houses, and in amending, widening, altering, and improving the said Road, and in defraying the necessary Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and the Execution of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatl'oever.

Matciinls.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or for any other Person or Persons by him or them, or by the said Trullees for that Purpose employed, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for repairing the said Road, in, upon, out of, or from any Walle or Common Ground, or from any River or Brook in any Parish or Place in, adjoining to, or lying near the said Road, or in any neighbouring Parish or Place, to be used in repairing the said Road, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits and & levelling

1211

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also by Order of the said Trustees to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, and from or over the private Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons to be used in or towards the repairing of the said Road, (such private Lands or Grounds not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Wood, Coppice, Nursery, or inclosed Ground now planted as an Avenue, or Nursery for Trees), paying or tendering Payment of such Rates or Sums of Money for such Materials, and for the Damage which shall be done to the Owners or Occupiers of the private Lands and Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials gotten in any Waste Ground, Common, River, or Brook, shall be conveyed, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between any such Owners and Occupiers as aforesaid and the said Trustees, touching the Damage aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County, on Eight Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall upon Application for that Purpose by or on Behalf of either Party, hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgemept or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to the Parties: Provided nevertheless, that it shall not be lawful for any Person under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for the Purpose aforesaid from any inclosed Lands, until Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall have been given to the Occupier of such Lands or Grounds, or left for him at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or such Justices shall, if they think fit, after having heard the Matter, authorize any such Person as aforesaid to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as the said Trustees or such Justices shall think proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, in like Manner, and the same shall be as effectual as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, having an Order from the said Trustees, from Time to Time to remove, take, and carry away all Annoyances by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, or otherwise, and also all Obstructions by Gates, or otherwise, upon any Part of the said Road, (except the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act), and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Owners or Occupiers shall neglect to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, or to remove such Annoyances for the Space of Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing, given for that Purpose under the Hand or Hands of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges

whereof

Annoyance* to be removed.

1212 43°GIiORGII III. Cap. 67.

whereof to be settled by the said Trustees by Writing under their Hands, shall be reimbursed and paid to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers so neglecting to cut down, lop, or top the said Trees or Bullies, or to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid; and in Default cf Payment thereof upon Demand, the same shall be levied and recovered in such Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture for Offences against this Act s herein after directed to be levied and recovered; and if, after Removal < f any of the said Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall again offend in like Manner, or if any Person or Persons shall set or place any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, so as anyways to obstruct the free Passage on any Part of the said Road, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

Ditches, etc.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who of

to be deanfed. Right ought to widen, deepen, scour, or cleanse any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, lying in or over, or leading into or out of the said Road, shall not in a proper Manner widen, deepen, scour, or cleanse such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, or cause the same to be done within the Sp ice of Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing under the Hand of any such Surveyor as aforesaid shall for that Purpose be given to him, her, or them respectively, or shall be left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode by Order of the said Trustees, the said Surveyor may and is hereby authorized and empowered to cause such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse to be widened, deepened, scoured, and cleansed, and to pay for the scouring and cleansing the fame; and if such Person or Persons shall not repay the Money so paid by such Surveyor upon Demand thereof upon him, her, or them made, either in Person or by Writing to be left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, such Money shall and may be levied and recovered in the like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture for Offences against this Act is herein-after directed to be levied and recovered.

c.iuf<*ways,

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Surveyor

maday bC or Surveyors as aforesaid, and such Person or Persons as shall or may be appointed by Order of the said Trustees, to make or cause to be made causeways in or along the Sides of the said Road, and to cut and make Drains or Watercourses through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Road, and to erect and keep in Repair Arches of Brick or other Materials; and also to cause Ditches or Trenches to be made in such Places and in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, shall adjudge necessary for the better amending the said Road, and keeping the fame in good Repair; and also to make a temporary Way or Passage through, over, and along the Roads adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road, (such Ground not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, or planted Walk or Avenue to a House, Plantation, or Nurserv of Trees), to be made use of by all Passengers with Horses, Carriages, or otherwise, as a Road, whilst the old or ruinous Road is repairing or widening, and until the same shall be made convenient and safe for Passengers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of such Ground through which any such Drain or Watercourse, or on which any such Arch or Bridge, or through, over, and along which any such temporary Way or Passage shall be made, for the Damage which he or she shall or may thereby fuftaTn, as shall be agreed upon between the said Trustees and such Owner or Occupier, or (in case

43° GEORGII JIT. Cap. 67; 1213

of any DifL *ence concerning the same) as shall be assessed and adjudged by the Justices of the Peace at the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County in which such Ground shall lie.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and are Power to wi-hereby authorized and empowered to widen, turn, and alter the Course ?h"court" of any Part or Parts of the said Road through or over any Commons or of the Road; Waste Grounds, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and also through or over any private Lands or Grounds, first making Satisfaction

to the Owners of and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any such Lands or Grounds for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested therein, or any of them, shall and may anywise sustain by such widening, turning, or altering the Course of any Part of the said Road; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees inTruft, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such I ands or Grounds, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey to the said Trustees all or any of such Lands or Grounds as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politick or Vai e of Corporate, or other Owners of or Person or Persons interested in any such aiberta'med Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, or any such Feoffees inTruft, Executors, by Jury. Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees, shall refuse to treat, or shall

riot agree for the Sale of any such Lands or Grounds, or for their Infereft therein, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, the said Trustees shall, within Ten Days at the'least before any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, cause Notice in Writing to be given to such Owners or Persons interested, Feoffees,

Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees respectively, or to the principal Officer of any such Body Politick or Corporate, or to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Grounds intended to be purchased, purporting that the Value thereof will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions, then and in every such Case the Justices at such Sessions, upon Proof made to them of such Notice having been given or left as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury which shall attend at such Sessions, or some other Jury of Twelve honest Men to be there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the said County without Fee or Reward, and cause them to be sworn well and truly, on their Oaths, to assess the Value of the Lands or Grounds: 1 \Lee. Ssf Per.~] 14 E mentioned

1214

On Payment of Purchase Money, Land may be made use of.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

mentioned or described in the said Notice, and the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fame, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be intended to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, to the respective Owners and Persons interested according to their respective Interests therein; and the said Trustees and all Persons interested shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jury when they come to be sworn; and the said Jury being lb sworn and charged as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given (which Oath, and also the Oath to the said Jury, the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer) concerning the Nature, Quantity, and Value of such Lands or Grounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid; and also after having viewed the Place in question (if judged necessary by the said Justices in Sessions assembled, on the Application of the said Trustees, or any of the Parties interested) shall by their Verdict assess, declare, and ascertain the Quantum of the Damages and Recompence to be given for the same to such respective Owners and Persons according to their respective Interests therein; and such Verdict of the said Jury shall be final, binding, and conclusive to the said Trustees, and to all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands or Grounds; and the said Justices shall and may award Costs to either Party, as in their Discretion shall seem meet.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid shall be and the same are hereby charged upon the Monies which shall be collected or raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid thereout accordingly by the said Trustees, or by their Treasurer, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof t® such Persons or their Agents, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame after Tender thereof, then upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Use of such Persons, such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road, and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become and be deemed and taken to be a Publick and Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Road for ever, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and in all Respects in such Manner as the old Road so widened, altered, or turned, was and ought to have been kept in Repair, and all Parties and Persons shall for ever thereafter be diverted of all Right and Title to such Lands or Grounds; and after any such new Road shall be completed, the Ground constituting the former Road (unless leading to foine Village, Town, or Place, to which such new Road doth not lead) shall be verted in and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees for the bed Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Repair of the Road hereby intended to be repaired; and the Person or Persons over whose Lands or Grounds such new Road shall be made, shall have the Preference in the Purchase of the old Road so to be sold as aforesaid; and the Conveyance to be made of such Ground, being executed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; and the Lords of the respective Manors shall have the fame Interest and Property in such new Road as they were possessed of or entitled to in the former Road, in lieu whereof such new Road shall be made: Provided always, that in widening, turning, or altering the Course of any

12*5

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

Part of the said Road, nothing shall be done which shall or may in any wise damage or injure any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or Plantation, or Nursery planted with Trees on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fott, unless the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall consent in Writing the reto: Provided always, that in case the ancient or former Way over any Common or Waste Ground shall by virtue or in pursuance of this Act be turned or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Township, Hamlet, or Parish wherein the old or former Road shall lie, shall not be obliged to repair such old or former Road, unless the fame leads to some Village, Town, or Place with which the new Road doth not communicate.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application of or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, ^enl>tion or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, amounting t» which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, 100 /-or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mendoned, such Money shall, in Case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tot nements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or thd like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditament^ which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Titne, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

1 2l6

Application where the Co m pen fati on shall be lc fa than 100l. and above 20/.

Application where the Money is less than 20/.

Property of Turnpikes, tic. vested in Trustees.

Persons liable to repair the Roads* to continue so.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchal'ed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the life and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of and in all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and Toll Houses which shall be erected and provided in pursuance of this Act, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Materials which shall be provided for repairing the said Roads as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to dispose of the same as they shall think fit; and to bring or cause to be brought any Action in the Name of any One or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer and prosecute, or order and direct the preferring and prosecuting of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, steal, take, or carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or Toll Houses, or any of the Materials aforesaid, or who shall do any Act to hinder or obstruct any Person employed by the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons who

now

J 217

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

now are, or at any "Time hive been liable or chargeable towards repairing any Bridge or Bridges built acroft or adjoining to the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall (fill remain liable and chargeable to such Repairs in i'uch Manner as they would have teen if this Act had not been made; and in case any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Rents or Profits bluing out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, now are or mail hereafter be liable and chargeable towaids the amending any Part or Parts of the said Road, such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rents, and Profits shall still remain so liable' and chargeable, and the Possessors and Occupiers thereof are hereby required and directed to pay such Rents and Profits as ought to be applied towards the Repairs of the said Road to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer, and upon Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be levied and recovered in like Manner as any Penalties of Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law afe liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, altered, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Sussex, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to 'lime to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at feme Place to be expressed in inch Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons^ of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Stature Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respect'ive Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Efteft for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject anti liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done cn such Days, and on such Times, (not being Hay Time or HarvefD, and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and \Loc. Ss5 Per.] 14 F may

PerCcnt charg-.able to Statute Woik to continue lb

t2l8

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

May also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Bealts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties,’ and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds.

Tmftets may

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to comnoi'nd and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Per-

wJrk.'Ute sons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be

by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof; and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants

and Occupiers done on the said Road, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in advance, on or before the First Day of May in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants or Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound f 11 that Year.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67, 1219

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees are hereby R >.<! to be empowered to cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones or Pods to lliei"u‘ed-be set up on the Sides thereof with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the

Didance of every such Stone or Pod from any Town or Place as they shall think fit, and may also, if they think fit, erect Pods at the several Roads leading out of the Road hereby directed to be repaired, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting to what Place or Places the said Roads respectively lead, and may also cause the Name of every Town and Village , upon the said Road, to be painted in White Letters upon a Black Ground on some con-fpieuOus Part of some House or other Building, at each End of every such Town and Village; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull down, dig up, injure, or destroy any such Stones or Pods, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions thereon, or any Inscription upon any such House or other Building as aforesaid, or cause or procure the same to be done, every > Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall cause to be Penalty on. haled, or drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone (Mill Stones excepted) oth'erwife than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceed- Proceedings ings of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall from Time "e^toTe f" to Time be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and such entered. Orders and Proceedings so entered, being signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall be taken and deemed to be Originals; and the said Book, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering the said Mortgages, Assignments, and Transfers shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeit- Recovery of ures by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner P'"3111'5, of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed), shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County, or where the Offenders shall be or reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Se*l of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant for those Purposes, and also to administer such Oath gratis), and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures are recovered, and the Charges of levying and recovering the same shall have been deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures (where not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), shall from Time to Time be paid to the Treasurer to the said

1 Trustees,

1220

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Juflrce, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Main-prize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be con* vifted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form of Words;

([videlicet),

Form of *. Coun,r of r rjE it remembered. That on the Day

Conviction, c £ of in the Year of our Lord

is convicted before of His Majesty’s

‘ Justices of the Peace for the said County, by virtue of an Act, passecf ‘ in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of the Afl, and specify the 0fence y and when ‘ and where committed.^ Given under our Hands and Seals [or, my ‘ Hand and Seal] the Day and Year first above written.’

Appeal,

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herfeif, or themselv.es aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may, within the Space of Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, every such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within Seven Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with Two i'uflicient' Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to pay litch Costs as shall be awarded, by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the Justices at their said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of entering into such Recognizance, shall heat and finally determine the Caule and Matter of every such Appeal in a fur,unary Way, and aw’ard such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

Distress not to

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall unfr.tiTiH' r ulac^e for auy Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Dif-vrantofform. tress not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making','.

the fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warrant

122*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

rant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties did:raining be deemed a Treffpasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching Proceeding! or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any Proceedings to be

had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be want of Form. quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Proceis into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have Payment of subscribed or shall subscribe Money towards the amending and repairing ^l^"Ptlons the said Road, or for or towards defraying the Expences of obtaining forced, and passing this Act, shall and are hereby required to pay the respective

Sums so subscribed, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees within such Time or Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees shall order and direct; and in Default thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt or on the Cafe.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur- Action!, fuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the said Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy foi the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any Case by Law.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- Publick Act judged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same. '

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Tolls and Commence-Powers hereby given, shall commence and take Effect on the Day on n,ent and which the Trustees shall hold their First Meeting, and shall be put in of the [Lot. & Per.] 14 G Execution

1222

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

Execution and continue in Force from thenceforth for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years then next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 68.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the North East Side of the Goswell Street Road, next Islington, and near to the Road called The New Road over the Fields to Old Street, and from the Dog House Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, imituled. An Act for making, widening, and repairing a Road from the North East Side of the Goswell Street Road, next Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the Dog House Bar, and at [Loc. & Per.J 14 H and

t Geo. 3.

1226

23 C’eo. 3. re it d and further continued.

Recited Acts further continued.

To prevent Nuifmcts by (hoeing Night boil.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6 8.

and from the Dog House Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His laid present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and several considerable Sums of Money have been from Time to Time borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken; which Money (fill remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly maintained and improved, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Y ur Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Tolls, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, or as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and the same are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained; and which shall commence and take Efteft imine iately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or which may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall put or call, or cause to be put or call, out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, any Night Soil or other Filth upon the said Road, or within Two hundred Yards from the Centre thereof, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the said Road, or any other Person or Persons, to apprehend and carry the Person or Persons committing such Offence before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, who (upon Proof on Oath of such Offence having been committed), shall commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month nor less than Seven Days, and the Owner or Owners of any Cart, Carriage, Horse, or Beast, employed in and about removing and emptying such Night Soil, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to seize such Carts or Carriages, or the Horses or Beads drawing the fame, and drive, remove, or take such Carts or Carriages, Horses or Beads to such Place adjacent to the said Road, as the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act shall order and direct, there to be detained until the Owner or Owners shall pay the said Penalty, together with all Charges relating thereto; and in case the same shall not be claimed by the Owner thereof,

and

I 227

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

and the said Penalty and Charges paid within Five Days next after such Seizure, then it shall be lawful for the Surveyor appointed by the said Trustees to order the same to be apprajfed and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied in Payment of such Penalty and Charges, returning the Overplus (it an}) to the Owner or Owners thereof if known, on Demand; any Tiling contained in the said, recited Acts, or either of them, to the contrary thereof notwithfLnding.

III. And whereas by virtue of several Acts now in force for collecting a Toll (commonly called A Sunday Toll), on the several Roads leading out of the Metropolis, certain Persons are from Time to Time appointed and have Authority to collect such Tolls at the Toll Gate erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, and great Inconvenience frequency arises from the Names of such Persons not being known to Persons liable to pay the said Tolls; be it therefore enacted, That all Persons hereafter appointed to collect such Sunday Tolls as aforesaid, at the said Toll Gate or Gates erected or to be erected on the said Road by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall cause their Christian and Surnames, with the Words " SUNDAY TOLL," to be painted on a Board on a Black Ground in White Letters, of not less than Three Inches in Length, and of a proportionate Breadth, and shall cause such Board to be hung up in some conspicuous Place on the Front of the Toll House or Toll Gate at which the said Collector or Collectors shall attend to collect the said Tolls; and if any Person shall demand Payment of or shall receive any such Toll without having such Board hung up as aforesaid, or shall refuse upon Demand to tell his or her real Name and Place of Abode, he or (Ire shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IV. And whereas it is by the said first recited Act provided and di-reded, that no Part of the said Road shall be paved; which Restriction, from the Increase of Houses and Buildings in the Neighbourhood of some Part of the said Road, and the great Wear of some Parts thereof, hath been found inconvenient; be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said first; recited Act as restrains the said Trustees from paving any Part of the said Road, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to cause such Part or Parts of the said Road to be paved as they shall deem necessary and expedient for the better Accommodation of the Publick, and such Pavement to be repaired from Time to Time in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to defray the Expence of such paving and repairing of the Pavement from Time to Time by and out of the Monies collected or to be collected upon the said Road by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

V. And whereas Water Companies and other Persons frequently lay and place Pipes into, along, and across the said Road, for the Pur, ofe of conveying Water into Houses and other Places near to the said Road, and which by their frequently bursting, and not being replaced or repaired in due Time, occasion great Damage to the said Road, and endanger the Lives of the Passengers; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That when any Pipe or Pipes now laid and placed, or hereafter to be laid

and

Collectors of Sunday Tolls to have heir Names painted o > a Board, and hung on ;he Tell House.

Trustees authorized to pave the Road, or any Pail thereof.

Water Companies to re-n ir Pipes, &c.

1228

For preventing Annoyances.

Power to apprehend Offenders.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

and placed into, across, or on the Sides of any Part of the said Road, shall break or burst, so as to injure or occasion any Damage to the said Road, and the same shall not be replaced or amended, and the said Road made good, within Five Days after Notice given in Writing by the Sur-vevor of the said Road to the Company or other Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or their known Clerk or Agent, or left at his or their Place of Abode, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Surveyor of the said Road to remove such faulty or decayed Pipe or Pipes, and to make good such Part and Parts of the said Road as shall have been injured and damaged by such decaying or bursting, and the Expence thereof shall be paid to the said Surveyor by the Company or other Person or Persons to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong, and in case Default shall be made in Payment of the Expences so incurred, or any Difference or Dispute shall arise thereupon, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex to summon the Party or Parties so making Default, to appear before him, and upon appearing or making Default after due Notice, to proceed to hear the Complaint, and make such Order for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to him just and reasonable.

VI. And whereas the said Road is greatly frequented by Foot Passengers as well as by Carriages and Persons on Horseback, and the Practice of Stable Keepers, Horse Dealers, and other Persons exercising and breaking in Hori'es in Carriages and otherwise, is of late become a great Nui-fance, and frequently endangers the Lives of His Majesty's Subjects passing and repassing upon the said Road; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, I hat if any Person or Persons shall exercise or drive any Horse, Mare, or Gelding in any Carriage upon the said Road, in Manner and for the Purpose above mentioned, every such Person so offending, or the Stable Keeper, Horse Dealer, or Stable Keepers, under whose Care and Controul the said Horses and Carriages shall then be, shall forfeit and pay for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; or if any Person or Persons shall run or drive any Wheel or Wheelbarrow or Sledge upon any Part of the Footpath belonging to the said Road, or set or place, or cause to be set or placed thereon, or upon any Part of the said Road or Footpath any Stall, Shewboard, Calk, Package, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, or any other Thing whatsoever, so as to obstru£t the free Passage of the said Road or Footpaths, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings; which said Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recoveted before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, and shall also be applied in like Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture is in and by the said first recited Act directed to be recovered and applied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to apprehend any Offender or Offenders in the Premises against this Act, and with all convenient Speed to convey and deliver him, her, or them, to the Constable or other Peace Officer nearest to be found to the Place where the Offence shall have been committed, who is hereby authorized and required to take Rich Offender into Custody, in order to his, her, or their being taken or conveyed before a Magistrate to be dealt with according to Law.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 68. 1229

VIII. And whereas in and by the said last recited Act, it is provided

and enacted, that no Toll shall be demanded or taken by virtue of the said ,3 Geo. j* «. recited Acts, from any Person passing to or from Old Street with any Horse pealed in Part, or Carriage to or from the Fields to which a Cartway formerly led on the Ead Side of the said Road, and which had been dopped up and inclosed in pursuance of the said fird recited Act: And whereas the fame hath been found prejudicial to the said Road; be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as redrains the said Trullees from the taking of Tolls as above mentioned, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, except as herein-after mentioned.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Toll

shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons passing from Old from Toll in Street to the Fields to which a Cartway formerly led, on the Ead Side Qid sneetTo of the said Road, with any Horse or Horses drawing any Cart or Car- the Fields, riage laden with Lime, Sand, Breeze, Allies, or other Material for the Purpose of making Bricks, or with Rubbish for filling in the Ground from which Brick Earth shall or may have been dug, or returning from the said Fields to Old Street empty, or laden with Bricks only.

X. And whereas very heavy Loads of Fodder and Manure are car-

ried and conveyed upon and along the said Road, which Practice ma- and pay Toll, terially injures the fame; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Waggons, Carts, Drays, and other Carriages laden with Grains, Turnips, or other Fodder, or with Manure of any Kind for manuring Land, or to be used for any other Purpose, shall be subject and liable to be weighed at any Weighing Engine erected or to be erected upon the said Road by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and shall pay Toll for Over-weight thereof, in like Manner as any other Waggon, Cart, or Carriage is now liable to pay for Over-weight of lading the rein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, pur- penfauon"1" chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts Money wher* and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for the executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, in Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditament* Handing settled therewith to the fame or the [Lac. Ss* Per.] 14/ like

1230

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be lb applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased or taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Compen'-t:on agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Heredita-Money does ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-n0> / *and *nS to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or above iq i. Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-after directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Princpal Money and Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtaip the Direc-. tion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XIII. Provided also, 'and be it further enacted, That where such where the Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall

than io/. be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their

1231’

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the First Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be a publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, shall upon the passing hereof cease and determine, and that the said Acts (Tubjeft to the Alterations herein-before mentioned) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Forpayfng the Expences of the Act.

Publick Act,

Term of Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

' o:

aA'<- t

r -.: i:

"'S' ’* " y' ' ‘jU Tl.l

: - ".

r KV w 9&»

A

'.V / |0* 7* i.

V - . - . - 11. iJ: jfcAV

d

,' C - j

<2

' ‘‘a fft'Xjj - y.V <:l lU

t & # o'?

7

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

t* ' 4 * M 1 I

Ctf/>. 69.

An Act for amending, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road between Burnley and Colne, in the Township of Marfden in the Parish of Whalley, in the County-Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Gisburn in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Skip ton to Settle, at or near the Town or Village of Long Preston in the said County of York.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Burnley and Colne, in the Township of Marfden in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the several Townshipsof Marfden aforesaid, and Barrowford in the said Parish of Whalley, and also through the several Townships of Broaden, Barnoldwick, Midbop, Rimington, and Gisburn, in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence through the several Townships of Gisburn aforesaid, Horlon, Newjholm, Nappa, Swindon, Hellifield, and Long Preston, in the said West Riding of the County of York, to the Turnpike Road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or near the South End of the Town or Village of Long Preston, (all which said last mentioned Townships are in the several [Lee. & Per.] , 14 K Parishes

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

Parishes of Barnoldfwick otherwise Gill Church otherwise Saint Michael la Gill, Gisburn, and Long Prest on if or efoad, in the said County of York), is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, turned, varied, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ThSt Sir John Aubrey Baronet, John Adamson Clerk, Edward Armijlead, Henry Afpinall, James Brogden, Anthony Baldwin of Gisburn Cotes, Richard Henry Beaumont, William Beanland, Abraham Beanland, "John Bell, John Berry, James Berry, Christopher Beverley, John Binns, William Birkbdck, John Mirkbeek, William- IHrkbsck the younger, Alexander i Birtwhistle, Robert Birtwhistle, William Birtwhistle, Joseph Bowman Clerk, William Brierecliff, William Brayfhay the younger, Joseph Brayjhay, John Bray say, John Buleocff.xhe Honourable John Cu/l, the Honourable Henry Cujt, the Honourable Robert Curzcn, Thomas Collins Doctor in Divinity, Stephen Carr, Richard Carr, William Clapham, John Clapham Clerk, Thomas Clayton, Edward Clayton, John Clayton, Thomas Cockjhot, John Cockjhct, Thomas Cockjhot the younger, John Cooper, William Cooper, Henry Croft Clerk, William Crook, Henry Crook, Joseph Crook, John Crook the younger, Richard Grefs, Henry Owen Cun/iffe, Danfon Richardson Currer, John Dean the' younger, Jonathan Dickenson, Henry Eastwood, Richard Ecroyd, Henry Ecroyd, Richard Eddlefton, John Eltoft, Thomas Eltoft, James Fox, William Farrington, Webjler FJhwick, James Fishwick the younger, Richard Folds, Jeffry Folds, Thomas Forfhaw, Samuel Fletcher, Henry Greenwood, John Greenwood, Christopher Grimfhbw, Thomas Grimjhaw, Richard Haljlead, Ealvren.ce'Halftetd, ', James Hammerton, James Hammerton the younger, Gilbert Hammerton, John Hargreaves Clerk, James Hargreaves of Burnley, ‘James Hargreaves of Stone Edge, John Hargreaves of Ormerod House, Thomas Hargreaves of Qckenfhaw, Thomas Hargreaves of Primmet Bridge, John Hargreaves of Barrowford, James Hargreaves of Firtrecs, Jonathan Hargreaves, Robert Hargrea ves, Robert Hargreaves of Middlehouse, William Hargreaves, John Hargreaves of Wheatley, John Hartley Clerk, Richard Hartley of Swinden, Richard Hartley of Bradley, William Hartley of Bradley, James Hartley of Fulfhaw, William Hartley of Gi/burne, Thomas Hartley, Henry Heyhurst, Thomas Heaton Clerk, Theodore Heelis, Thomas Hind, John Holgate of Burnley, John Hotg'aie the younger of Burnley, James Holgate of Burnley, John Holmes, Thomas Haworth, Jolm Hoyle, Samuel Howard, Joshua Hit chon, Joshua Hitchon the younger, Lawrence Hitchon, Egerton Hitchon, Ambrose Hitftoon, William Hitchon, Ignatius Ingham, John Lifter Kay, William King, Robert KnowLs Clerk, Thomas Lifter Doctor of Laws, Anthony Lifter, Anthony Lifter Clerk, Richard Grim/haw Lomax, William Mallifon, William Marriott, Wilson Marriott, Joseph Maffey, James Maffey, William Midgeley, Shackleton Midgeley, Richard Moon, John Moore, Norman Munn, William Myers, Samuel Newton, John Nightingale, Joseph Nightingale, Thomas Nightingale, Peter Ormerod, Oliver Ormerod, Thomas Paley, George Paley, Thomas Lifter Parker, Thomas Parkinson of Sawhy Grange, John Parkinson of Winterbourne, John Parkinson of Otterbourne, James Parkinson, John Parr, Thomas Parker of Alkincoates, Robert Pcacop, Jonathan Peel, Thomas Peel, Richard Peel, James Piccup, John Pilkington, William Prcjlan, the Honourable Frederick Robinson, John Raws Clerk, James Ridehalgh, John Rigby, John Roberts of Hesketh, William Roberts of Nort/jwood, William Roberts of - - Burnley,

1235

43° GEORGII III:-rCap. 69,r

Burnley., Hugh Roberts, James Roberts, Roberts of Thorneylichnt,

John RothwelL, William Robcrtjhaw, Ambrose Kobertfiaw, John Robertjhasu Jcfias Robwfon, James Robn/on of Twiston, kVjtltam Roundell Clerk, Richard llenry. Rounded, Martin Richardson, Francis Sugar, Gates Sugar, bFilliam Sagar, Richard Sagar ot Colne, Richard Sugar of, Nappa, Richard Sugar of Southfield, John Sawley, John Shaw, Robert ihutt’euiorth, Elias SniethurJ,

Robert Smith- Clerk, Jnfhua Smith, James Speak, Henry Speak, Thomas Speak, li illiam Standen, Edward Standish, L.c Gendre Pearce Starkie,

Thomas Starkie, David Swale, John Swingle irurjl, Christopher Tatterfall,

Laurence Tatterfall, Hugh Taylor, Stephen Tempejt, John Tennant, Thomas Tipping, John hipping, John Thornier, Charles Townley, John Townley,

Peregrine Townley, Benjamin Townfon, John Topper, Sagar Veevers,

Richard IVroe Walton, James Wal.on, Robert IValJh, Robert IValfls the younger, Samuel WcJIcrman, Thomas Wkitaker, John Whitaker, John Whitaker the younger, John Whittam of Pheafantford, John WHkinson of Slaidburn, Richard Wilkirfon of Hillifield, Thomas Wiikinson of Colne,

Thomas Whitaker, Jams Wilson of llighroyd, Thomas Why man, Thomas Dunham Whitaker Doctor of Laws', Thomas Yorkc, John Torke, Hemy Torke, Edmund Torke, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trailers for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road herein-before mentioned and described.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Dif- New Trusteet ability to act of any of the Trailers hereby appointed, or their Successors, to be elected as herein-after mentioned, it shall be lawful for the c Wltl' surviving or remaining Truliees, or any Seven of more of them, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint One other Person qualified as herein mentioned to be a Trustee in the room of every Trader so dying, refusing, or being incapable to act as aforesaid, Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election having been given by the Clerk to the said Truliees, in like Manner as the other Notices for Meetings are hereby directed to be given, at leaf! Fourteen Days before every such Meeting; and that every such new Trustee so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the iTuftees herein-before nominated are hereby empowered to act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Qualification acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his 04 Truffes*' own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Folfession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, abdve Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person polfetTed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, or Mil be possessed of or entitled unto a Perfohal Estate of the"

Value of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath following) before he (not being such Heir Apparent) shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Two Or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same j (that is to say).

‘ I, A. B.

1236

Oath.

No Attorney to act while he practises as such. v

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

First and fub-sequent Meetings.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6g.

I A.B. do swear. That I truly and bond Jide am seised of in my own

* Right [or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be] and in the

actual Porfeflion, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a

Real Estate in Law or Equity of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds,

[or, possessed of a Personal Estate of the Amount of One thousand

Pounds.

'So help me GOD.'

And if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Attorney or Solicitor shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall practise as such Attorney or Solicitor.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act in the Name of their Clerk; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk in whole Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put unto, or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall meet together at some Publick House in the Town of Gisburn aforesaid on that Day Four Weeks next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, and shall proceed in the Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves and afterwards meet at some convenient Place or Places on or near the said Road, or within Four Miles thereof, and may make such further Adjournments from Time to Time as they shall think proper or convenient for putting this Act in Execution: Provided nevertheless, that if at any such Meeting the re shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall not adjourn themselves,

then

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 1237

then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees shall, by Notice in Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and in the mean Time, or until the Erection of such Turnpikes, upon the principal Door of the several Churches and Chapels of Burnley, Gisburn, and Long Preston aforesaid, at least Ten Days before the then next proposed Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the same Place on that Day Three Weeks next after the Day on which such proposed Meeting was appointed to have been holden, and so from Time to Time the said Clerk shall appoint a Meeting every Three Weeks until a sufficient Number of Trustees shall be present to ad or to appoint another Meeting by Adjournment (Three Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only); and the said Trustees at all ^'rav'their their Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and that all Orders and own Ex-Determinations of the said Trustees in or touching the Execution of Pen£es-this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be holden in pursuance thereof, and not otherwise (except as herein particularly mentioned); and that none of the said Trustees shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act; nor shall any Vidua'iler, or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, or any menial Servant of any Trustee, be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act; and that all Trustees who are Justices of the Peace may ad as such in the Execution of this Act, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally inter-efted.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the Meetings on said Trustees, it shall upon any Emergency be thought necessary that an Eme*senClc*' earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day to which the respective Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk to the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the 'Time

and Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Twenty Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meeting shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by any Seven No Order to or more of the said Trustees respectively shall be revoked or altered, u'l^Nine unless Nine Trustees at the least shall be then present, and Three-fourths Trustees Conor more of them shall concur therein, and unless Notice shall have been c,ir-given by Five Trustees to the Clerk to the said Trustees, of their Desire

to have a Meeting for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the said Order, with a view to revoke or alter the fame; and in such Case,

Notice shall be given by the Clerk, Fourteen Days at the least before such Meeting, to such Trustees as were present when the Order was made, of the Intention to revoke or alter any such Order: Provided always, that no Ad, Order, or Determination shall be done or made at any Meeting of the said Trustees, without the Consent of a Majority of the Trustees present at such Meeting.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven officers, or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to appoint a Gate Keeper or Gate Keepers, or Toll Gatherer or

[Loc.'tf Per.] 14 L Toll

1238

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

Toll Gatherers at the several Toll Bars or Toll Gates to be erected upon the said Road, and also a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers- Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officer or Officers as they shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act, and shall take such Securities for the due Execution of their respective Offices as they the said Trustees, or a Majority of them present at such Meetings, shall think fit, and may from Time to Time remove such Gate Keepers or Toll Gatherers, Receivers, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, and appoint others in their stead, and out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, allow such Gate Keepers or Toll Gatherers, Receivers, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, such Salaries or Allowances as to them the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall seem reasonable; and that all such Treasurers, Clerks, Surveyors, and other Officers, and their respective Executors and Administrators, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Seven or more of them shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received, and how, when, and to whom, and for what Purpose the fame and every Part thereof shall have been applied and disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath; and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more ot than, shall appoint to receive the same; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the fame on Oath as aforesaid, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power in any wise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, and Complaint shall be made of such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a funnnary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants

1239

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69;

rants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money, together with the Costs and Charges of levying the fame, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the fame* or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of such Account, or of the Articles thereof upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and to deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, and the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, or any of them, in his, her, or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid the said Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County, City* Borough, Riding, or Place where he, she, or they shall be or tefide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, she, or they shall have delivered in and settled his, her, or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their Hands respectively, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, as shall in that Respect have bten made* or until he, she, or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees respectively for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby in such Case empowered to make) or until he, she, or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as any Collector of the said Tolls or other Officer shall die or misbehave himself or herself, or become incapable of performing his or her Duty, it shall be lawful for any Seven or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a publick Meeting in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their Elands, to displace such Collectors and other Officers so mil-behaving or becoming incapable of performing their Duty, and appoint others in their stead, and also in the (lead of such of them as shall so die; and all such Collectors and other Officers so appointed shall have the fame Authority to act in the Execution of their respective Offices as the Person or Persons whom they shall so succeed was or were vested with, until the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall, at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, appoint a Collector or other Officer as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Toll Gatherer shall at any Time or Times neglect or refuse to quit his or her Employment, conformably to the Orders of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or in pursuance of any Order made for displacing

For appointing Collectors occasionally.

Gate Keepers to deliver Possession of Gates, etc* when required.

43° GEORGII III. Cap.b9.

placing such Collector as lad herein-before mentioned, and to deliver up the Possession of the Turnpike or Toll Gate, or Toil House, or other House or Building belonging to them the said Trustees, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or auy Seven or more of them, as the Case may be, shall appoint, and shall be convicted of such Neglect or Refusal be* fore One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Offences shall be committed, either upon the Con-session of the Party, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more Witness or Witnesses, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to issue his Warrant to some Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer of the Peace of the said County, Riding, or Place, to turn such Collector or other Person out of the Possession of the said Turnpike or Toll Gate, and Toll House, or other House or Building, and to take and deliver the Possession thereof to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, (as the Case shall be), shall have directed or appointed in Manner aforesaid, and also to bring the Collector or Collectors, or other Person before such Justice, who is hereby empowered and required to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, or Place, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up such and so many Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road, and also a Toll House, and proper and necessary Buildings, Gardens, Conveniencies, and Fences near to each such Gate or Turnpike as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, before any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Score of Oxen, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Score of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Curricle, Calaffi, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chaise or Chair, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Narrow-wheeled Waggon, Wain, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, drawn by Four Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For

43° GEORGII III. Cap. Go.

For every Waggon, Wain; or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof Six Inches bioad, and drawn by Six Horses or other Brails of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof Nine Inches broad, drawn by Eight Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Seven Horses or other Beads of Draughr, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine pence; and drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawrf by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Nine-inch wheeled Waggon, Wain, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage rolling a flat Surface of Sixteen Inches, drawn by Four, Five, Six, Seven, or Eight Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Narrow-wheeled Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, drawn by Three Horses or other Bead* of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof Six Inches broad, and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Cart or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof Nine inches broad, and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Threepence:

And that on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken at any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Adr, by such Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, before any Horse, Cattle, or other Bead, or any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame, Double the Tolls before directed to be taken on any other Day in the Week.

\_Loc. Ssf Per.]

i 241

Double Tolls to he take n 011 a Sunday

u M

1242

To pay Twice on the fame

Day it'they travel through any of the Ga'e* Five Tunes within Twenty-four Hours.

For obviating Difficulties re-

fleeting Waggons with Wheels of different Breadth.

Tolls may be varied.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Cattle, or other Beast, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage,' shall pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, Five Times or more in any One Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night, every such Horse, Cattle, or other Beast, and every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other C arriage, shall be subject and liable to pay Double the respective lolls herein-before granted, which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Toll; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid for collecting such Tolls, to seize and d stram any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, or any of their Harness or Accoutrements; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after such Distress made, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may fell the Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Thing' so distrained, returning the Overplus, (if any there be , upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be deduded; and that all Tolls collected and levied by virtue of this Act upon the said Ruad, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XIV. And, to obviate any Doubts which may arise with respect to such Four-wheeled Carriages as consist of Two Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and Two of a less Breadth, be it further enacted, That all such Carriages with Four Wheels, Two whereof shall be of a less Breadth than Six Inches, although the other Two shall be of a greater Breadth, which shall pass through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected upon the said Road, shall be liable to and charged with the Tolls and Duties by this Act imposed upon every Waggon, Wain, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, and they are hereby empowered, by and with the Consent of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Two-thirds of the Money which shall have been advanced upon the Credit of the Tolls, and shall be then unpaid, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Toils by this Act granted, and for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; and from Time to Time afterwards to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the respective Tolls herein-before mentioned; and also from Time to Time to direct the Tolls hereby granted, or so reduced as aforesaid, to be collected in such Parts or Proportions at the several Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected upon the said Road, in pursuance of this Act, as they shall think proper; and that such reduced Tolls, and also such Parts or Proportions as aforesaid, shall and may be collected, levied, and applied in such and the same Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are

directed

*243

43° GEORGII III. Gap. 69.

directed to be collected, levied, and applied; but that no Meeting shall be held for the Purpose of lessening, reducing, or advancing all or any of the said Tolls after the First Meeting, unless Twenty Days previous Notice at the lead shall be given thereof in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then erected upon the said Road.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more shall be paid for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, in any One Day, (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock the next succeeding Night), than One Toll for passing or repassing through each Turnpike Gateor Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act upon the said Road, (except as herein-before excepted); but that all and every Person and Persons, after having paid Toll as aforesaid, and producing a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment of such Toll, shall afterwards pass and repass with the fame Horse or Horses, Cattle and Carriage, Toll Free, during such Day, through such Gate or Turnpike; and all the respective Collectors of the said Tolls are hereby requited to deliver such Notes or Tickets gratis, on Receipt of the Tolls.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage whatsoever, pass through any Land, Ground, or Hereditaments, belonging to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or through or over any Common or Wade Ground adjoining to or lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, (the fame not being a publick Highway or ancient private Road), or if any Owner or Occupier of such Land, Ground, or Hereditaments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or Cattle from any such Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Road, any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, with an Intent to avoid paying any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pals through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse, or other Cattle or Bead, without Payment of Toll; or if any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or offer to dispol'e of any Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of Toll, to any other Person whomsoever, in order to evade the Payment of the said Tolls; or if any Person shall receive or make Use of the fame with that Intent, or shall do any other Act with an Intent to evade Payment of Toil, or whereby such Payment shall be evaded, every Person lo offending, in each and every of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be applied.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person (o dif* training to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, till the Quantity of the Toils due, or Charges of distraining or felling the Distress, as the Case may happen, be ascertained by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County,

Riding,

Only One Toll in One Day lo be paid at each Care, except as herein-before is excepted.

Penalty for evading Tolls.

For settling Difpurts concerning X'oiig.

124+

4.3* GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

Riding, or Place where such Distress may be made as aforesaid, who, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, Avail examine the Matter on Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of the Tolls doe, and also assess the Charges of such Distress and bale, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose upon the Paid Justice or Justices; all which Sums lo determined and afiefled shall be paid to the Collector bet re he shall be obliged to return the Paid Distress, or the Overplus, after sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

Exemption*

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar no Toll shall from Toil. demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horses or Carriages of

whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters or Fxprefles under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-inafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or hxprefies, or in returning therefrom; nor for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers 5 or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to officiate or returning from officiating at any Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting the Sick; nor of or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall be attending or going to attend, or returning from attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die or be buried in any Township, Hamlet, or Place through which the said Road doth or shall pass; nor for or in respepf of any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Gravel, Stone, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any Road in any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places in which the fame do lie, or Dung, Mould, Marl, Soil, or Compolt, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever (Lime excepted) for manuring any Garden or other Lands or Grounds within any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places in which any Toll Gate is or shall be erected on the said Road, or in any of the adjoining Townships, Hamlets, or Places; or Grass, Hay, Saint-foin. Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, or any Corn conveying to or returning from any Joke Mills on the Line of the said Road, to which the Owner of such Corn shall owe Suit and Service, Turnips or Potatoes, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards, or Premises of the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers ot: Land within the said respective Townships, Hamlets, or Places, being the Growth and Produce of Land held and occupied by the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers within such respective Township, Hamlet, or Place, aivd carried for their own private Ule and Consumption only, and not for Sale; nor for any such Cattle or Carriage going only to be or returning after having been only so employed; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses or Cattle drawing any empty Carriages not used for Pleasure, and being the Property of any of the Inhabitants of such respective Townships, Hamlets, or Places; nor for any Cattle drawing a Carriage going with or going empty for, or returning empty after having, been laden with any Plough, Harrow, or other Instrument of Husbandry also be-

v- longing

245

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

longing to any such Inhabitant or Occupier; nor for any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Stock of any Kind going to or from Water, Pasture, Plough, or other Work in Husbandry, or going to or returning from any Smith or Blacksmith’s Shop to be shoed; nor for any Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; nor of or from any Person or Persons going to vote, or returning from voting at any E left ion of a Member to serve in Parliament for the County of York, or for the County Palatine of Lancaster, on the Day before the Day or Days of such Election, or the Day after the same shall be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Side Gate or Turnpike on the Line of the said Road for any Horse or other Beall, or Cattle, which shall only cross the said Road, and which shall not go or travel or be driven thereon exceeding the Distance of One hundred Yards.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or the Recovery thereof, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, during the Continuance of this Act, to set up or erect, or cause to be set up or erected any Turnpike Gate or Toll Bar in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of such Part of the said intended Road as lies between a Lane called Halton Lane, and another Lane called Hellifield Lane, both in the Township of Hellifield, in the County of York, or within One hundred Yards of each of the said Lands.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates, Bars, Rails and Fences, Toll Houses, and Buildings, to be erected or provided by virtue of this Act, and the Right and Property of the Materials to be provided for erecting, building, or repairing the fame, or any of them respectively, and also of all the Tools, Materials, and other Requisites got, provided, orcollefted for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to dispose thereof as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of this Act, and bring or cause to be brought any A^ioq or Aftaons, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall take, Heal, carry away, break down, injure, or spoil the fame, or any Part thereof, or disturb the Trustees, their Agents, or Servants, in the Possession thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, after giving Twenty-one Days

[Lor. Es* Per.] 14 N Notice

No Toll to be demanded for eroding the Road.

Collectort of Toils competent Witnesses.

Reftraiiiing the Trustee* from erecting a Gate be tween Halttn Lane and Hit* lifield Lane.

Turnpikes, tee. vested in Trustee a.

Pdwer to lease the Tollt.

1246

Trustees may compound for Tolls.

f'or borrowing Money.

Form of Mortgage.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes which ffial) be then erected upon the said Road, and after advertising the fame in foine Newspapers circulating in the West Riding of the said County of York, and in the said County of Lancaper, from Time to Time to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term of Years, not exceeding Three Years at any One Time, for the bell Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times and under such Covenants as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, and taking such other sufficient Security from the Person or Persons to whom any such Tolls shall be leased or demised, for Payment of such Rents and Performances of the Covenants to be reserved and comprised in such Lease or Leases, by Bond or otherwise, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time so Time, to compound for any Term, not exceeding One Year at any One Time, with any Person or Persons for any Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or Cattle travelling on the said Road, for all or any of the said Tolls to be paid in respect of such Carriages, Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, and such Composition Money shall he paid in Advance quarterly, or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and in Default thereof, the Composition to be void.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; and they may and are hereby empowered to demise or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame (the Costs and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls), as a Security to any Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money, by the following Words, under their Hands and Seals, or by any other Words to the like Effect; (videlicet),

4 13 Y virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of ‘ His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act] We, Seven of the Trustees for the Road therein

mentioned, in Consideration of the Sum of

4 to the Treasurer of the said Road in Hand paid, do grant, bargain,

fell, and d. mise unto A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

such Proportion of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due

and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, to be had and holdenfrom

this Day of in the Year of our Lord

‘ for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest, at the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be

‘ sooner repaid and satisfied.’

And

1247

43° GEORGII III. 'Gap. 69.

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trui-tees; but no Money shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls at any Meeting subsequent to the First Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, expressing the Purpose of fitch subsequent Meeting, be previously affixed upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road, at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, interest, or Benefit to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or by any other Writing or Writings, before One credible Witness, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; ([videlicet),

‘ 1 DO transfer this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage, &c. as the Case 4 A may beJ with all my Right and Title to the Principal thereby secured, ‘ and to ah Interest now due upon the fame, unto Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of A. B.’

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified within Thirty Days after the Date thereof to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid such Sums as the said Trustees, or any Seven or nfore of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted in equal Degree, One with another, and shall have no Preference with respect to the Priority of any Monies advanced.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall in the First Place be paid and defrayed out of the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or out of the First Money borrowed on the Credit of such Tolls, or received by virtue of this Act, and the Remainder of the Money so raised or received, shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Principal Money borrowed pursuant to this Act, and/the Interest thereof, and in otherwise putting this Act in Execution, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by him or them for that Purpose, is and are hereby empowered, under the Restrictions mentioned in an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating

Form of Transfer.

Application of the Money.

Surveyors may take Gravel, Sand, etc. filling up Pits, etc.

1248

Notice to be given to Occupiers of Landi before Materials are taken for repairing the Roads.

Penalty on taking away Materials

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, to get, take, and carry away Furze, Heath, Stones, Chalk, Flint, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the repairing of the said Road from any Waste Grounds ot Commons, Rivers or Brooks in any Parish, Township, or Place wherein any Part of the said Road lies, or in any neighbouring Parish, Town, or Place (except Stone from Quarries open and in working, and except Gravel, Sand, Stones, and other Materials within Fifty Yards Distance from the Foot of any Weir, Mill Dam, or River, or Lock or Locks) without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyor or other Persons filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing such Pits, so as that the same shall not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, but under such Restrictions as aforesaid, to get, take, and carry away such Materials, in, upon, and out of, through, from, and over the Lands of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the fame not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and fee apart as a Nursery for Trees, (after paying or tendering to the Owners or Occupies of such Lands such a Sum by way of Recompence for the Damage to be sustained, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands shall refuse to accept the Sum offered, the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the said County of York, and the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, at their respective next General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said West Riding and County of Lancaster, in which the said Premises shall lie, shall and may assess, adjudge, and finally determine the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful f<?r any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, or carry away Materials for making or repairing the said Road out of or from any uninclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace afling for the County, Riding, or Place, where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall refuse or neglect to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Occupier of any Ground or Soil, pr any Person whomsoever, shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered in any Ground, River, or Brook, for the Purpose of repairing the said Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have

~ been

124-9

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

been made for the Purpose of getting the said Materials, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Forty Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground for his private Use, and Persons authorized by him to get Materials therein for his proper Ule only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, the same to be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That ic shall be lawful for the said Surveyorsmay Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he Or they shall appoint from Time to lime (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Road, by Filth, Dung,

Albes, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and convert the same to his and their own Uie and Uses, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains,

Tur ning along, into, or out of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, chanfe, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses pr Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as deep and as large as he or they shall think necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bullies, growing or tj>,gr6w on the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto respectively* (not being a Garden,

Orchard, Plantation, Walk, or Avenue to a House), and to take and carry away the fame in case the Owners or Occupiers'of the Premise*

shall for the Space of Seven Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Surveyors, neglect to top, lop, cut down, or remove such Trees, Shrubs,-or Bullies, or to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such Other Annoyances in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall require, the Charges whereof, to be settled by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are herein directed to be recovered and applied; and if after removing any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penaitie. on assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Turnpike Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, and while doing ot performing any Work authorized to be done or performed by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said May make Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall C*llfcw»y»-appoint, (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose

[Z-er. £> Per.~\ 14 O from

1250

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

from the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them', to make or cause to be made any causeway or causeways for the Use of Foot Passengers, along any Part of the said Road, in such Manner as they shall see convenient, and also Ditches or Drains in and upon the said Road, and also through any Ground lying contiguous thereto; and erefl, rebuild, and keep in Repair, Bridges and Arches upon the said Road, or across any such Ditches or Drains where necessary; and also to make or cause to be made a Road through the Grounds adjoining to any ruinous or narrow Part of the said Road (such Grounds respectively not being the Ground whereon any House Hands, nor being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set-apart as a Nursery of Trees) to be made use of by all Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages as a publick Highway, whilst such ruinous or narrow Part of the said Road be repairing or widening, and until it shall be convenient for Passengers or Carriages to pass along the fame, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of such private Grounds respectively for the Damages they shall or may thereby fuffain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, ("but that no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Moor or Waste Ground); and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, affentbled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place, in which such Premises shall lie, or at their Second Quarter Sessions of the Peace at the farthest, to settle, adjudge, and finally determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers, for the Damages they shall have sustained as aforesaid, which Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; but no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Common or Waste Lands.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any causeway or causeways, or other Way or Ways to be made upon the said Road for the Use of Foot Passengers, or shall lead or drive any Horse or Horles, or Cattle or Swine, upon any such causeway or causeways, or shall cause any Injury or Damage to be done to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings norless than Five Shillings, and if any Horse or Horses, Cattle or Swine, shall be found wandering or depaflur-ing upon or on the Sides of any Part of the said Road, the Owner or Owners of such Horse or Horses, Cattle or Swine, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to cause all such Horse or Horses, Cattle or Swine, as shall be found wandering or depasturing upon the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, to be impounded until such Penalty or Penalties shall be paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors, over and above the usual Fee to the Proprietor or Keeper of the Pound where such Horse or Horses, Cattle or Swine, shall be so impounded j and if any Proprietor or Keeper of any such Pound shall releale any such Horse or Horses, Cattle or Swine, which shall be so impounded as aforesaid, without Consent of such Surveyor or Surveyors, every such Proprietor or Keeper shall for every such Offence forfeit and

pay

Penalties on riding and driving Cattle on Footways.

1251

t

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and in case any Person or Persons shall moled or disturb the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Person or Persons employed by him or them in leading or driving such Horse or Horses, Cattle or Swine to pound as aforesaid, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; which said several Penalties before mentioned shall be applied towards the repairing of the said Road, and to or for no other Purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Majority of the Trustees present at any Meeting of any Nine or more Trustees, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, and they a-e hereby authorized and empowered to widen, turn, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Road to be made, repaired, and kept in Repair by this Act, for the Accommodation of Passengers, through any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, under such Terms and Satisfaction as are herein-after mentioned; and also through any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making Satisfaction for such Commons or Waste Grounds; and also that it shall be lawful for the said 1 rultees, or such Majority as aforesaid, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments through which or whereupon the said Road hereby authorized to be made, widened, turned, or altered, are intended to pass, and to flake out and make the fame in such Manner as the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, shall think necessary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Iall mentioned Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments respectively for any of the Purposes of this Act, first making and tendering Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may thereby sustain.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to enable the said Trustees to divert, alter, or turn the Course or Path of any Part of the said Road, lying between Swind.n GUI, near Swinden, in the County of York, and an Ellate near Swinden aforesaid, called Tan House Croft, to the Fall Side of the present Road leading from Swinden to Long Prejion aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in care the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall at any Meeting or Meetings to be convened under the Authority of this Act, signify by an Order in Writing under their Hands their Intention or Desire of diverting, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the said Road, then that Thirty Days Notice at lead shall be previously given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected in or upon the said Road, and also by inserting the fame in One of the Newspapers usually circulated in the Counties of York or Lancaster, of the Time and Place, and Purpose of the said Meeting.

Pcwrrtofurn and alter the Hoad.

Road net to be alt r-d vvi.hm certain Limits.

Thirty Da vs Notice to be given of diverting Reads.

1252

Trustees may pur hife Lands, etc.

If Parties do not agree, the Value of the Premiss to be settled by a Jury.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to contract with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by making, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by making, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Laid Road through such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and to pay for the fame by and out of the Tolls and other Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors and Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons whomsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any Person or Persons as aforesaid interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or last Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments intended to be taken in and added to any of the said Roads, and through which the same shall be intended to be made, diverted, turned, or altered as aforesaid shall for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the respective Riding or County in which such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments shall be, (which Oaths any Two or more of the said Trusttes are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damages shall be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Persons as aforesaid, for or on Account of the making, diverting, turning, or altering such Road through such Lands or Grounds\ and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to summon

before

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 1253

before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any Two or more of the Paid Trustees are hereby empowered to administer), and they the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’8 better Information in the Premises; and such Trustees shall order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be assessed by the said Jury for such Damages as aforesaid, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, and Determination, shall be final and binding to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whatsoever claiming or to claim in PolFession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as well as all other Person 6t Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are Sheriff to sum-hereby empowered to issue out a Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff m011 a Jur>* of such of the said Counties in which such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments shall be, thereby commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-Four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff", or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured, to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons Juries maybe concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jury- ^nd'sheriBs men; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, acting in fineJforDe-the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents making Default In the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or appearing dial I refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being ("worn, or refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall refuse or neglect to appear, or reful'e to be examined and to give Evidence; and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine or Fines in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-'after directed [Lot. Per.] 14 P to

1254

Money allow, ed for Lands, gtc. how to be charged and tendered-

Ho\v the Expence* of Jury shall be paid.

43° GEORGII III. Gap, 69.

to be levied and disposed of, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Poilnds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sum* of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby charged upon the respective Tolls by this Act appropriated for the repairing the Road so to be made, widened, turned, varied, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, or on the Monies to be borrowed upon the Credit of such respective Tolls, and shall be paid thereout accordingly to the Persons entitled respectively thereto, or to their Agents; and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons or their Agents, and in case of Reful'al to take and accept of the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the Trustees, for the Use of such Persons, and after One Calendar Month’s Notice thereof given to such Persons or their Agents to receive such Money, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents to enter into Possession of, and to lay such Land or Ground into the said Road, and to do all and every such Act, Matter, and Thing with relation to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; and the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so taken into or made Part of the said Road, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be to all Intents and Purposes a publick and common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Road hereby appointed to be made, repaired, and widened are by this or any other Law to be repaired; and after any such new Road shall be com-

ideted, the Lands and Grounds constituting the former Road, unless eading over some Common or Waste, or to some Town or Place to which such new Road shall not lead, shall be veiled in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, for the bed Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls hereby appropriated to the Repair of the Road so to be sold as aforesaid are directed to be applied; and all Deeds of Conveyances executed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place in which such Lands lie, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence for the Rights, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them fullained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them.

1255

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act, but'if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trullees, or any Seven or more of them, before the summor.ing and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such kight,

Interest, or Property in, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said J ry and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and F.xpences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the respective County, Riding, or Place, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so alfefTed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the Trustees, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application of or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, whereVxcaS purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the ingaoo/. Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Dtbts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to «be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands,

Grounds, and Hereditaments shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time

of

1256

Application wher? the Compensation does not exceed 200 /. nor less than ao/.

Application where the Money is less than 20/.

Trustees not to pull down Houses, without Coil, lent, £?<.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 6$.

of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lef- than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian ot Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purpose of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Power and Authority hereby given to the said Trustees shall not

extend

43° GEORGII 111. Cap. 6g.

extend to the pulling down any Dwelling House or other Building, or taking in the Scite of any House or oth.-r Building, or any Fart thereof, or to take in any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Fart thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein respedivrly, (other than and except so much of a Plantation, Garden, and Fold, within the Township of Marfden, belonging to Ann Marriott Widow, and in her Occupation; also of a Garden belonging to William Suttlijfe, and in the Occupation of Philip Smith; also of Two Gardens belonging to Abraham Hargreaves, and occupied by

also of a Garden and Plantation belonging to James Walton, and in the Possession of also of a Garden, Fold, and

Outhoufing, belonging to and in the Possession of Smith Widow;

also of a Garden, Fold, and Outhoufing, belonging to Robert CrawJhaiot in the Possession of Thomas Hodgson; also of a Garden and Fold, belonging to Robert Pate, in the Possession of Richard Stans/ield; also of a Garden, Fold, and Outhoufing, belonging to James Smith, in the Occupation of John Nutter; also of a Fold and Garden, belonging to and occupied by James Crook; also of an Orchard or Garden, belonging to and in the Occupation of Christopher Bulcock; and also of a Garden and Fold, belonging to James Wilson, in the Occupation of Crook; all which said last mentioned Premises are in the Township of Barro-uford in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and also so much of a Barn and Fold, belonging to the Reverend John Holden, in the Occupation of

also of a Garden and Orchard, belonging to Oddie, in the

Occupation of James Pollard, both which said last mentioned Premises are in the Township of Middup in the County of York; and also of a Garden and Plantation belonging to the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Ribblcfdale, and in the Occupation of Anthony Wilkinson; and also a Garden belonging to the said Thomas Lord Ribblejdale, in the Occupation of John Thornber, both which said last mentioned Premises are in the Township of Gisburn in the County of York-, and also an old House, Scite, Fold, and Garden, belonging to Messieurs Bertwijlle, and in the Occupation of Richard Sagar, situate in the Township of Nappa in the said County of York, as shall be necessary for making the said Road in such respective Places of the Breadth of Twelve Yards; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

YLVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or isums of Money so to be agreed on, or adjudged or awarded by the Jury to be paid for the Purchase of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall make and execute or procure to be made and executed proper and effectual Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, of the said Premises, for which such Sum or Sums of Money was or were so awarded or adjudged to be paid, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things necessary or requisite to make a good, clear, and perfect Title thereunto; and such Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances shall contain such usual and reasonable Covenants as shall on Behalf of the Trustees be required; and [Loc. & Per.j 14 in

*257

Upon Tav-ment of Purchase Money, Conveyances to be executed.

I258

Trustees empowered to fell Ground, He. not want ed for the P'irpofei of this Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

in case any Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be agreed, awarded, or adjudged to be paid as aforesaid, shall not evince a clear and perfect Title to the said Premises, and make or procure to be made, at the Expence of the said Trustees, proper and effectual Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do being the reunto required, such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed or awarded, or adjudged to be paid as aforesaid, being ready to be paid to him, her, or them, on making such Title, and tendered for that Purpose; or in case any Person or Persons entitled to the Premises for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed, awarded, or adjudged as aforesaid, cannot be found in Great Britain, or in case by reason of Disputes depending in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or for defect of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, what Person or Persons is or are entitled to the Premises in question, that then and in every such Case such Money shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons entitled to the fame; and the said Money shall be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and the Dividend and annual Produce of the fame Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid; and when and so soon as the Sum or Sums of Money so to be inverted in the publick Funds shall be inverted therein, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trurt, Property, Equity of Redemption, Claim and Demand whatsoever, in Law and Equity, on all and every Person or Persons who shall be entitled to such Money, of, in, to, from, and out of the fame Premises, or any Part thereof, shall vert in the said Trustees, and they the fame Trustees shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof in Fee Simple, freed and discharged from all Claims, Demands, and Equity of Redemption whatsoever, either in Law or Equity, to all Intents and Purposes as fully and effectually as if all and every Person and Persons having any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Dower, Right or Title of Dower, and Equity of Redemption of, in, to, from, and out of the fame Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled. Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever.

XLVIII. And whereas by reason of the diverting, altering, or turning any of the Roads now existing in the Line of the intended Road, or by the diverting, altering, or turning the Road to be made by virtue of this Act, agreeably to the Power herein-before given for that Purpose, or by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to make by virtue of

1259

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

this Act, the said Trustees may happen to be seised of the Ground of Soil which formed the Roads so diverted, altered, or turned, or to be diverted, altered or turned, by virtue of this vft, or some Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what may be necessary for effectuating the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Grounds or Soil, Piece or Pieces of Ground, together or in Parcels, either by publick Sale or private Contraft, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Peifomfrom Trustees, before they shall so sell or dispose of the Ground or Soil which *jUsc^,. formed the Roads so diverted, altered, or turned, or to be diverted, h',vebeen altered, or turned, by virtue of this Act, or such Piece or Pieces of Ground, over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Pur- re'

poses of this Act, shall first offer to fell or resell, as the Case may happen to be, to the Person or Persons who shall be the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Hereditaments lying on both Sides of such diverted Road, or the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the Owner or Owners of the said Lands on both Sides of the said diverted Roads, or the Person or Persons from whom such Piece or Pieces of Ground have been so purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall refuse to purchase or re-purchase as the Case may happen to be, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such diverted Roads or Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said diverted Roads, Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of such Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was offered, shall in all Courts whatever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the Ground or Soil of such diverted Roads, or of re-purchasing such Piece or Pieces of Ground, so directed to be sold by virtue of this Act, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such diverted Roads, Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answer-

able

I26o

New Roads to be fenced.

Persons liable to the Repair of the Roads, etc. to continue so.

How the Statute Work shall be apportioned.

For regulating the performance thereof.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

able or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

L. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That the said Trnf-tees shall, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after they shall set out or (lake, or cause to be set out or (taked the Line of the intended Diver-fion of the said intended Road through the Lands or Inclosures of any Person or Persons whomsoever, and before such Diversion shall be open for the Publick, make or cause to be made on each Side of the said Road, through the said Lands or Inclosures, for the whole Length of the said Road, extending through the fame, a good and sufficient Fence, with such Materials, and of such Height as such respective Lands and Inclosures at the Time of passing this A cl shall then be fenced or inclosed with.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all other Person or Persons liable to the amending or maintaining any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridge, Cause-way. Drain, Arch, or Sewer therein, shall dill remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof, in such Manner as they were before the passing of this Act (subject nevertheless to the Regulations herein-after expressed concerning the same); and that all and every Person and Persons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work, or are chargeable or liable to or towards the repairing or amending of any Highways in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Road shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of the said Road, and to perform their respective Works thereon in such and the like Manner, in every Respect, as they are liable to the Repair of any other common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place respectively.

LII. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute Work ought to be performed on the said Road by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Road may pass; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Two of them, being acting Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of York or Lancaster, from Time to Time to adjudge and order what Part of the Statute Work shall be done in or upon the said Road hereby directed to be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, and for what Space of Time, and in what Manner the same shall be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places in or through which the said Road shall pass.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways, or the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor in all the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Road shall pass, shall yearly and every Year, within Ten Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing, by the Surveyor, Clerk, or Treasurer of the said Road, in pursuance of aa Order under the

Hands

I 261

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

Hands of Two or more of the said Trustees, being acting Justices of the Peace for the said County, Riding, or Place, give and deliver to the Person making such Demand a true and exact Lilt or Account in Writing under their resptdive Hands of the Christian and Surname of every Person in their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places who are by Law chargeable toward", repairing the said Ro*d in f.ich Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places, and shall set forth and specify in such Lift what each Person is respectively charge* able with for and towards the fame; and such tcspective Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors shall (within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said Turnpike Surveyor of the Time or Times when and where, and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid are to perform their respective Statute or Days Works), fumi mon or give Notice thereof, in the Mode prescribed by Law, to the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refuse to do as he and they is and are required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorrect or imperfect Lifts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts,

Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Road, shall after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid neglect or refute to fend their respective Teams, Draughts, Carts, or Wains, furnished with Labourers, Oxen, or Horses, according to the Custom of the; Country, and proper Tools to do and perform such their respective Days Works upon the said Road, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain shall be wanting, or shall not be duly employed in that Service; and if any Person or Persons who shall be sent with any Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent, it shall be deemed as if such Team, Wain, Draught, or Cart had not been sent to work on the said Road, and the same Sum shall be accordingly forfeited and paid; and if any Statute Work shall not be performed within the Year in which the fame is due, the same shall be performed in the Course of the succeeding Year.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be How Tri:ftee» lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any of miy compel their Meetings, by Writing under their Hands, to summon all, every, HUi'/h«am or any of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of all, every, acc >»mf..r or any of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places (the Inhabitants whereof are liable to perform Statute Work on the said Hoad), to appear before the said Trustees at any of their subsequent Meetings, and then to deliver in to them a full, true, and just Account in Writing of all Sums of Money by them respectively received for, in lieu of, or by Way of Composition for Statute Work in their several and respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places (which Account shall be verified upon Oath, if the said Trustees shall require the fame; and in case the Person or Persons so summoned shall neg-led to appear at the Time and Place therein appointed, or shall refute or n eg led to deliver in such Account as aforesaid, or if required to verify the lame upon Oith, or to pay to the Treasurer of the said Road, or as the said Trustees shall direct, within Five Days from the \_Lcc. bf Per.~\ 14R Time

1262

Trustees may compound foi Statute Work

For recovering Competition Monies.

How Surveyors are to be reimbursed and Compo.i-tion Money paid by them.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

Time of producing the said Account, or whereon the fame ought to have been produced, such proportionable Part of all such Composition Money as such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them, shall have received, or without their wilful Neglect or Default, might have received, that then in all or any of the said Cases, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every separate Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the Possessors, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Road, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Sta'ute Work thereon; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, or such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor respectively as aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places, first had at any Vestry or other publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Road.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Money agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or in lieu of any such Repairs for Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Composition Money respectively, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said respective Counties, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money (Oath having been first made before such Trustees or such Justice or Justices, that the fame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices are hereby respectively empowered to administer), to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons, or of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, having so compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting such Composition Money and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways, or the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, who shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom the same shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the Composition Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Coils and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways, Means, and in such Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid 01 reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, widening, or repairing the said Road, or any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Polts thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and that all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Executots and Administrators, and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be requisite for making or repairing the said Road, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contrafts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party or Person or Persons so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement, any Law or (Jfage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LIX. And whereas by such Highway becoming Turnpike Road it will be more used, and occasion ah Increase of Expence in repairing the fame, which ought in some Degree to be laid upon the Turnpike Road to be made in pursuance of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to agree with the Person or Persons liable to repair such Highway for the Repairs thereof in such Manner as they shall think fit, and to contribute so much to the Repair thereof out of the Tolls to be taken by virtue of this Act, or out of the Statute Duty, or the Composition Money to be paid instead thereof, as they shall think just and reasonable.

LX. And whereas Parts of certain Highways may be diverted in pursuance of this Act, to make the lame nearer or more commodious to the Publick, and Doubts may arif'e whether the Inhabitants of any Pa-Tiffi, Township, or Place, or any particular Person or Persons liable to repair the old Highway or Road so deviated from, by Statute Duty, Tenure, or otherwise ought to repair or contribute to the Repair of the whole or some or what Part or Proportion of such new Highway or Road; for obviating which Doubts, and preventing Disputes about the fame, be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of every such Pa; ifli, Township, or Place, and Person or Persons who was, were, or shall be liable as aforesaid to the Repair of any such old Highway or Road, which hath been or shall be so diverted and turned, shall respectively be and continue in the same Manner liable to the Repair of such

new

1263

T1U lee> may contract for Repairs.

Trustees may agree for the lepairing of certain Parts of the Road.

Persons liable te repair old Road, to continue liable to repaii the new Rvad-

1264

To oblige Subscribers to pay their Sub' lcriptiom.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

new Highway or Road, or so much thereof as shall be equal to the Burthen and Expence of repairing such old Highway or Ruad from which he, she, or they shall be exonerated by turning the same as aforesaid; and that if the several Parties interested cannot agree therein, the same shall be viewed by Two Justices of the Peace acting within the Limits where such Road shall be, by whom the same shall be settled, adjusted, and determined in such Manner as they shall think just and reasonable; and from and after such Determination of the [ustices, the Inhabitants of the said Parish, Township, or Place, or the Person or Persons liable to repair such new Highway or Road as aforesaid, shall bear all Charges and Expences of Indictments and Prosecutions for not repairing the fame j and if it shall be found more convenient to fix a gross Sum or annual Sum to be paid by any such Inhabitants, or Person or Persons, towards the Repair of such new Highway or Road, in stead of fixing the Part or Proportion of such new Highway or Road to be repaired by him, her, or them, the said Justices may with the Consent of such Person or Persons, and also the major Part of the Inhabitants interested therein, obtained at a Vestry or publick Meeting held for that Purpose, and also of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at a publick Meeting, order and direct the fame accordingly, which Order shall be and for ever after continue binding to all Persons whomsoever , and that if any Person or Persons who by any Order of any Justice as aforesaid, shall be made liable to the Repair of different Paris of the said Road, or the future Occupiers of the Estates in respect of which they shall Ire so charged, shall neglect to repair or amend so much and such Parts thereof as are particularly let forth in the fame Order, after Ten Days Notice in Writing shall have been given to them by the Clerk to the Trustees to repair the fame, such Person or Persons so neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Seven Yards of such Road so neglected to be repaired, and so in Proportion for any greater or less (Quantity, which Forfeiture shall be recovered and levied in such and in the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfeityres for Offences against this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and levied; and ,if the Person or Persons who by the fame Order, shall be made liable to the Payment of different annual Sums of Money in lieu of repairing Part of the said Road, or the future Occupiers of the Estates in respect of which they shall be so charged shall neglect to pay the several Sums of Money so ordered to be paid by them to the Treasurer to the Trustees of the said Road for the Time being, after Ten Days Notice shall have been given to them by the Clerk to the said Trustees to pay the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to recover and levy such several Sums of Money by Distress and Sale of the Persons Goods and Chattels, in such and the same Manner as the Forfeitures and Penalties for Offences against this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and levied.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards the making and repairing the said Road hereby authorized to be made, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed within such Time arid Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, Hull by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive

the

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 1263

the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Montes to be received For oayirg by virtue or to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, the said Trustees, *fethuPAtt's or any Seven or more of them, shall, in the first Place, pay and discharge the Expences of procuring and passing this Act; and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Toll Gates or Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, and in making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and in defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and in paying the Interest and Principal of any Money to be borrowed by virtue hereof, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven MileStonesto or more of them, shall cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones ucfct U£>' or Pods to be set up in or near the Sides of the fame at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of every Stone or Poll from any Town or Place; and also such and so many Direction Polls as to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall seem meet; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any such Polls or Stones, Penalty on or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause Drnggin? to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece Timber or of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheeled Carriages, or Stone* shall suffer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon Wheeled Carriages to drag upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof respectively; or shall lay any Hay,

Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road to be made into Manure, or (ha'll scrape off the fame any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road, with an Iron Rake or other Instrument with sharp Points; or shall pull or force up any Stones or other Part of the Pavement of the said Road, whereby the said Road shall be damaged; or shall lay down any Timber,

Hay, Straw, Dung, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, or shall otherwise obstruct or impede the Passage upon the said Road; or shall turn out any Horses, Mares, Cows, or other Cattle, or Swine, upon the Road hereby authorized to be repaired, or any Part thereof, or in the Ditches adjoining the fame, every Person so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein directed with respect to other Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Recovery of hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and P«naltie». recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender,

[Loc. Ss5 Per.~\ 14 S by

1266

T«r securing transunt Offenders

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, rendering the Overplus of such Difhefs (if any there be) to the Party or Parties, after dcdufting the Charges of making the same, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant upon Conviction of the Offender, by Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when so levied, shall be paid the One Half to the Informer and the other Half to the Surveyor of the said Road, to be applied towards the Repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by this Act, but if the Surveyor shall be the Informer, then the Whole shall be applied towards the Repair of the said Road; and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, Riding, or Place for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

LXV. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act in Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any justice of the Peace of the County or Place, or near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and de-lei mining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his or their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden within and for the County or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justice at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County, Riding, or District, the Te to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LXVI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may caafe the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; (videlicet),

BE

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 1267

e DE it remembered, That on Day of in the Year FormofCon-

‘ of our Lord A.B. is convicted Vlfllon-

before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said ‘ West Riding of the County of York [or, the County of Lancaster~\ [spe-‘ cifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was ‘ committed, as the Case shall be.] Given under my Hand and Seal, the ‘ Day and Year first above written.’

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of Proceeding? the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that j°

Purpose, and i'uch Orders and Proceedings, when entered, shall be signed by a competent Number of the said Trustees, or by their Cletk, and shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings; which said Book or Books, and also the Book or Books herein directed to be kept for registering and entering Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeals, Actions, Suits, and other Controversies touching any Thing done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Proceeding to Proceedings be made concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or the Con- quakedefor viction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders by virtue hereof. Want of shall be quashed, set aside, or vacated for Want of Form only, nor shall Form' be removed or removeable by Certiorari or otherwise, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or any other Proceeding relating thereto; and if any Irregularity shall be afterwards committed by any Person or Persons distraining, he, she, or they shall not on that Account be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ah initio, but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage l'uf-tained thereby, in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal, think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Mode of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County,

Riding, or Place wherein the Fast touching such Penalties or Forfeitures are incurred or imposed shall be committed, within Fourteen Days next after such Cause of Complaint , shall arise, unless the same shall arise within Fourteen Days preceding such Sessions, in which Cafe such Appeal may be brought at the Second Sessions after such Cause shall arise; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine such Complaint or Complaints, and if they fee Cause shall and may, by Order of such Sessions, mitigate at their Discretion all or any Part of the Penalties or Forfeitures laid upon or incurred by the Party or Parties complaining, or vacate or set slide the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify or confirm the fame, with such Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to levy by their Order or Warrant such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and

Chattels

1268

Limitation of Actions.

Publick A?.

Commencement and Duration of Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the fame, and for Want of sufficient Distress to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol for the County, Riding, or Place where the Appeal shall have been heard and determined, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs: Provided always, that the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid, shall and is and are hereby required to give Notice in Writing to the Clerk to the Trustees of the said Road of such his and their Intention of bringing and prosecuting an Appeal Fourteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall before such Notice given, enter into a sufficient Recognizance before One or morejultice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place where such Appeal shall be intended to be brought, with Two sufficient Sureties, with Condition to prosecute such Appeal, and to pay all Costs in case such Appeal be determined against the Party or Parties so appealing.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action shall be laid in either of the said Counties of York or Lane after, where such Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, Place, or Places than where the Fad was committed, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Ver-did, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and have Continuance from the passing thereof for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

♦me

Cap. 70.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor to Hathersage, and from the Chesterfield Turnpike Road near Stoney Middleton to Totley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making Two new Branches from the said Roads to Bajloiv in the said County, and to Goose Green near Sheffield, in the County of York.

[1 ith June 1803.]

WHEREAS an AG was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor, near Norton, in the County of Derby, to Hathersage in toe said County, through the several Parishes of Norton, Dronfield, and Hathersage, in the said County of Derby, and also the Road from the Read leading from Chesterfield to Hernftone Lane Head, near Stoney Middleton to Totley, through the several Parishes of Bakewell, Hope, Hathersage, and Dronfield, all in the said County of Derby: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said AG have proper. £3* Per.] 14 T ceeded

1270

Term enlarged.

4

New Trustetf.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

ceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which Money, together with Interest for the fame from the Time of the borrowing thereof, Hill remains due and owing and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be kept in Repair unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged; and it is necessary the Tolls thereby granted should in some Cases be increased: And whereas it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if Two new Branches of Road were made from the said Turnpike Roads, the One from Totley aforesaid, along the South East-wardly Side of certain Woods called Ecclesall Woods and Miln Houses, to join the present Turnpike Road from Chesterfield to Sheffield aforesaid, near the First Mile Stone thereon from Sheffield aforesaid, at or ntar to a certain Place between the said Mile Stone and Shffield, commonly called Goefe Green; and the other from a small Bridge near to and on the Well Side of the present Toll Bar or present Turnpike Gate, upon the High Moors commonly called Owler Bar, to or near to a certain Cupola called Mafier Barker's Cupola, and from thence along a Road called the Cupola Road to join the present Turnpike Road from Chesterfield to llcrniicne Lane Head, at or near BaJlow in the said County of Derby; and if the said Branches were made Turnpike, and included under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act: May it therefore pteafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and such as are by this, present Act repealed, varied, or altered), shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, not only for the Purposes of the said Act, but also for the Purpose of setting out, making, amending, widening, turning, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Two new ani additional Roads, or Branches of Road, herein-before particularly mentioned and described, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said new and additional Roads or Branches of Road had been originally included in the said recited Act, and as if the fame Ciaules, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject neverthelel’s to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the Credit of the said Act and of this Act, or that shall hereafter become due on the Credit of the said recited Act and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, in Manner herein-afeer declared.

II. And be it further enacted, That Richard Arkwright, Richard Arkwright the younger, Henry Ashby, Christopher Alderson Clerk, the Honourable Orlando Bridgeman, George Barker, Thomas Bourne, Alexander Bofsley, Barker Bofsley, Thomas Barker, John Barker Clerk, "John Barker of Bubnel, Caleb Barker, Joseph Broomhead, Nicholas liroomhead, John Barker of Bakewell, George Bofsley, Joseph Butler, John Bullock,

Robert

1271

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Robert Birch, William Birds, Thomas Bower, James Bofsley, ffaac Bennett, John Brown Doctor of Physick, Charles Bownj, William Chambers Bagshaw, John Brookfield, Charles Brook field, William Car/eill, Richard Chapman Clerk, John Crawfhaw, Joseph Carrington, Joseph Cecil, Joseph Colley, D’Ewes Coke, John Crufo, John Cartledge, William Cults, Joseph Denman Doctor of Physick, Samuel Dalton, John Dixon, Francis Eyre, Vincent Eyre, George Fillingham, Francis Fenton, Francis Fox low, George Fletcher Dot! or of Physick, George Bujlard Greaves, Philip Gell, William Gauntley, Joseph Gould, James Green, Thomas Gardom,' George Gardom, James Gregory, Richard Gillett, Sir Henry Hunloke Baronet, Thomas Windsor Hunloke, John Heaton, Joseph Hill, Joseph Hodgkinson, Mark Hewitt, Joshua Jebb, Robert Johnson, Thomas Knowlton, Lowe Clerk, William Allwood Lord, Thomas Leader, James Longflone, William Longfden, Marmaduke Middleton Middleton, William Murray, James Mander, John Morewood, Stephen Melland, Francis Melland, William Mdnes, Horatio Mason, Robert Needham, Benjamin Outram, William Ogden, Thomas Pares, James Peake Clerk, Hugh Parker, Lawrence Potts, William Paitfon, Samuel Pcech, William Pajhley Clerk, Luke Palfreyman, Francis Roe, George Rickards, Jarvis Radley, Walter Spencer Stanhope, Samuel Shore the younger, John Shore, William Shore, Samuel Simpson, Ashton Ashton Shuttleworth, Sitwell Sitwell, Jonathan Stokes Doctor of Physick, Robert Shaw, Joseph Stores, John Sy-bray, James Shuttleworth, Thomas Smith, Richard Stanley, Benjamin Sale, Richard Swallow, Adam Slater, Richard Slater, Bache Thornhill, Henry Thornhill, William Thornhill, Wotton Byrchinjhaw Thomas, John Kinnerfiey Tudor, James Wilkinson Clerk, Bromehead Ward, Michael Williams, Godfrey Watts, Peter Walthall Clerk, Richard Walthall, Robert Wright, George White, Peter Wig fall, John Wainright Doctor of Physick, Jeffery Woljlhen-holme Clerk, and Thomas Ward, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act; and that the Trustees hereby appointed, together with the surviving and remaining Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be and are hereby empowered to put the said recited Act and this Act in Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That until the said Two new Branches of Road shall be made and completed for the Passage of Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages on the fame, thd Tolls authorized by the said recited Act to be taken on the Roads therein mentioned, shall be collected and received by and on the foie Account of the several Person or Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the said Act; and that from and after the said Branches of Road are so made and completed, and Tolls actually taken thereon, the Tolls directed to be taken on the Roads comprised in the said recited Act, and on the said new Branches of Road respectively, shall thenceforward be consolidated and form One joint Fund for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, and be paid and applied in Payment and Discharge of future accruing Interest to the old and new Mortgagees respectively, without any Preference or Priority whatsoever, and subject thereto, that the Overplus of the said Tolls (if any) shall be paid and applied in Discharge of the said Arrears of Interest to the old Mortgagees as aforesaid.

After new Branches are made, old and n-w Moitga-gees to stand thenceforward in the Tame Situation.

1272

A n ear* to old Mortgagees not to be paid until Road to Hatberjage is compltted.

Certain parts of the said recited Act repealed.

Increased Tolls on certain Parts of the Road to be taken.

Tolls.

Tolls vested in the Trustees, etc.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. jo.

IV. Provided always, That no such Arrear shall be paid off and discharged until Part of the said Road, mentioned in the said recited Act, to HatherJ'age (which is now unfinished) shall be completed; and that afterwards such Overplus shall be so applicable, subject to the Expences of hereafter getting this Act renewed, and to a sufficient Part thereof being, during the Time hereby granted, reserved and kept back in the Treasurer’s Hands for that specitic Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Act as directs that Tolls shall be taken only Once a Day, and that no Turnpike Gate shall be erected between the present Turnpike upon Greenhill Moor and a Place called Holmesfield. Lidgate, be, and the same are hereby respectively repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Two Branches shall be made, there shall and may be demanded, taken, collected, and received, at the several and respective Gates or Turnpikes which are or shall be hereafter erected upon, across, or by the Side of certain Parts of the said Roads herein-after mentioned, the following increased Tolls and Duties; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Sociable, Chariot, Curricle, Calafli, Hearse, Chaise, Phaeton, Whisky, Gig, or Chair, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, if drawn by only One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, (except One Horse Carts as aforesaid), having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every pair of Mill Stones or Block or Blocks of Stone or Timber, drawn by Four or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, Three Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence/er Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence Score, and foin Proportion for every greater or less Number:

Which said Tolls shall be, and the same are hereby veded in the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, and Re-driftions, as are contained in the said recited Act respecting the Tolls thereby granted and made payable, except so far as such Powers, Provisions, and Restrictions, are by this Act varied or altered.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

VII. Provided always, That no more than Two Tolls of such Amount as is allowed by the said recited Act shall and may be demanded and taken between Greenhill Moor and Stoney Middleton, and between Green-bill Moor and Hatberfage, or between Tit ley and Hatberfage; and no more than Three Tolls of the increased Amount by this Act, between Goose Green and Bajlow, and Goose Green and Stoney Middleton, subject nevertheless as herein-after mentioned: Provided further, that no more than Two Tolls of the Amount allowed by the said recited Act shall or may be demanded or taken of or from the Inhabitants of or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Township of Tetley, for or in respect of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, travelling between Tot ley and Stoney Middleton aforesaid.

VIIT. And, to enable Persons who shall have actually paid a Half Toll at a Bar intended to be erected upon a certain Diversion of Road, now made or being made from Bake well to Bajlow through Bircbills, to travel from Bajlow aforesaid to Goose Green, for a less Toll than other Persons who shall not have paid the said Half Toll, be it further enacted, That all Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, the Driver or Drivers whereof shall bring and deliver a Ticket denoting that he or she shall have paid a Half Toll for such Horse, Cattle, Cart, or Carriage, on the same Day on the said Diversion, shall be entitled to and be exempted from Toll at the First Bar to be erected on the said Branch from Bajlow to Goose Green aforesaid, equal in Amount to the Half Toll, so previously paid for such Cattle or Carriage upon the said Diversion as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and their Toll Gatherers or Collectors on each and every Sunday, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night in each and every Year, to demand and take at each Toll House or Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, Double the Tolls which shall for the Time being be ordered and authorized by the said Trustees to be collected at the fame Toll House or Turnpike Gate on any other Day, but so as such Double Tolls shall not be demanded or received from any Person going to or returning from Church: And also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, between the Thirty-first Day of October and the First Day of May in every Year, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, (except on Sundays'), One farther Half Toll in Addition to and over and above the respective Tolls and Duties granted by the said recited Act and this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Gate to be erected upon or across the said Road, between Bafow aforesaid and the Turnpike Road from Chef erf eld to Curbar. for any Horse or other Beast laden only with or drawing any Carriage laden only with Lead, Lead Ore, Coals, Cokes, Lime, or other Materials, going to or from the said Cupola, nor for the riding Horses of the Owners of the said Cupola, or their Servants, for and during so long 'lime as the Owners thereof shall permit and suffer the said Trustees, and their Surveyors for the Time being, to have, lead, take, and carry away from the said Cupola, all or so many of the Slags and Cinders made

[Locate Per.] 14 U thereat.

1273

Number of Tolis to be taken at certain Places.

Exemption from Toll, etc.

Double Toil on Sunday.

Lead, etc. going to or from Mr. Darker $ Cupola to be xempt from Toil on certain Conditions.

1274-

New Exemp tions.

43° GEORGIII III. Cap. 70.

thereat, which shall be of no farther Use but for the Repair of Roads, as they the said Trustees, or their Surveyors, dial] from Time to Time think proper, for the Use and Repair of the Roads mentioned in the said recited Act and this Act, and that without making or being liable to make any Payment or Satisfaction whatsoever for the same.

XI. And whereas the Exemptions from Toll*, granted by the said recited Act, have, been found inconvenient and detrimental, be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and are hereby repealed, and that from and after the passing of this Act, no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horses or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of 1 etters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom, nor for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any tick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor shall any Toil be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to officiate cr returning from officiating at any Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor of or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his or their Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall be attending or going to attend, or returning from attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons, who shall die or be buried in any Township, Hamlet, or Place through which any of the said Roads pass; nor for any Horse, Afs, or Mule, going to the Town of Sheffield, laden with Milk only, or returning from thence unladen, having been so laden, provided the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner of such Horse, Afs, or Mule, be painted in large visible Characters on some conspicuous Part of the Pack Saddle, Milk Barrels or Cans, wherewith such Horse, Afs, or Mule shall be laden; nor for or in respect of any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Gravel, Stone, or other Materials, for repairing the said Roads or any Road in any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places, in which the fame do lie, or with Dung, Mould, Marl, Soil, or Compost, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever (except Lime) for manuring any ' Lands or Grounds within any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places, in which any Toll Gate is or shall be erected on the said Roads, or in any of the adjoining Townships, Hamlets, or Places, or with Grass, Hay, Santfoin, Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not being carried for Sale; nor for any such Cattle or Carriage going only to be or returning after having been only so employed for any of the Purposes aforesaid respectively; nor for any Cattle drawing, or Carriage going with, or going empty for, or returning empty after having been laden with any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, also belonging to any such Inhabitant or Occupier; nor for any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Stock of any Kind, going to or from Water, Palture, Plough, or other Work in Husbandry, or going to any Blacksmith’s Shop in order to be ffioed or farried, or returning therefrom, nor for any Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants lent by Palfes, nor of or from any Person or Persons going to vote at or returning from any Election of a

Member

1275

.43° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Member of Parliament for the Counties of Derby and Tori, or either of them, or for the Borough of Derby, on the Day before the Day of Days of such Elections, or the Day after the same shall be respectively concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefif of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled thereto, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Fuit'.ier ptft Act as enacts and declares that the several Exemptions front Toll thereby )’ccit'7i A_‘t allowed, shall extend to Carriages not having the Soles or Bottoms of icpeaied. the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, be and the fame is

hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall have or claim No Exemp-

any of the Exemptions from Tolls granted by this Act, for or in respect for

of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage (save and except Carts drawn wheels of by One Horse only) which hath or shall have Wheels of less Breadth

than Six Inches at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and upon which the inches' nc. Tire shall not be flat, or so as not to deviate more than a Quarter of an Inch from a flat Surface, and which shall not have the Nails counter-funk so as not to rife above the Surface; or for or in respect of any Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage which (with the Loading thereof) shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by the Adf made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; and if any Person shall claim or fake the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XIV. And whereas by means of the aforesaid new Branch of Road indemnify-from Tot Icy to Goose Green, the Inhabitants of the Township of Ecclesall Bierlow aforesaid, will become liable to the future Repair of a consider- rc<nf,-,uV able additional Quantity of Road; be it therefore further enacted, That

if any Presentment or Presentments, Indictment or Indictments shall at co*ls ot* in-any Time hereafter be made, found, or prosecuted against: all or any of dictmenu. the Inhabitants of the said Township of Ecclesall Bierlow, by reason or on Account of the said new Branch of Road to be made within the same not being properly made, or being out of Repair, the Trustees for the Time being acting under or by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, at all Times hereafter save harmless and keep indemnified all and every the Inhabitants of the said Township of Ecclesall Bierlow, and all Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the same, and also all other Person or Persons who are or may become liable to the Repairs of the Highways within the said Township of Ecclesall.Bierlow of and from all and every Fine and Fines, Sum and Sums of Money, Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences whatsoever which shall or may arise or be incurred in any Manner by reason or means of any such Presentment or Presentments, Indictment or Indictments as aforesaid, or otherwise howsoever, in respect of the said new Branch of

Road

1276

Annual Sum to be pnid to the Trustees of the Little Sheffield Road for Diminution of Toll.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Road to be made within the same Township not being properly made, or being out of Repair; the said Fine or Fines, Sum or Sums of Money, Colls, Charges, Damages, and Expences to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Actiort of Debt, or upon the Cafe, to be brought or prosecuted in the Name or Names of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being of the said Township, against the Treasuref for the Time being of the said Trustees: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt or be construed to exempt the Inhabitants of the said Township of Ecclesall Bier low from doing and performing their due Proportion of common and ordinary Statute Duty, to be annually done and performed on the Turnpike Roads and Highways within the said Township, or from paying and contributing their due Proportion of all Composition Money arising or payable within the same.

XV. And whereas it is apprehended that the aforesaid Two ne\V Branches of Road will when made occasion a considerable Diminution of Tolls arising or to arise on certain Parts of the Turnpike Roads under the Care of the Trustees appointed for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and repealing the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty frjl Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield, in the County of York, through the Towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Castleton, to Sparrowpit Gate in the County of Derby, and from the Guide Post near Barber’s Fields Cupola, through Gundlcford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tideswell, Hardgate Wall, and Fairfield, to a House known by the Sign cf The Angel in Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for granting further and other Powers for that Purpose; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the said Two new Branches of Road, or either of them, shall be made, there shall be yearly and every Year paid by and out of the Tolls to be collected and received under the Authority of the herein-before recited Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, to the Treasurer of the Trustees of the said Little Sheffield and Sparrowpit Gate Turnpike Roads, or such other Pef; son or Persons as they shall authorize to receive the same, the clear Sum of One hundred Pounds, as a Compensation for such Diminution of Tolls, such annual Sum of One hundred Pounds to be paid at the End of One Year, to be computed from the Day Tolls shall begin to be received upon the said Eranches or either of them, or the fame or either of them shall be opened for the general Passage of Travellers, (No'tice in Writing whereof shall be delivered by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said last mentioned Roads or Branches to the Treasurer of the Little Sheffield or Sparrowpit Gate Turnpike Roads within Seven Days after such Toll shall begin to be taken), and to be paid on the same Day in every succeeding Year; and in Default of such Payment for the Space of Thirty Days after the same shall from Time to Time become due. such annual Sum of One hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall and may be recovered from the Trustees appointed in and by the said recited Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or from their Treasurer for the Time being, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe in any of tils Majesty's Courts of Record a‘t 'Westminster.

1277

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

minster, in the Name of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Little Sheffield and Sparrowpit Gate Road, against the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons, who have or hath heretofore advanced and lent, or at any Time or Times hereafter shall advance and lend, any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said former Act or this Act, in respect of the Priority of advancing such Sum or Sums, except as before excepted, but that all Persons to whom any Mortgages or Alignments have been or shall hereafter be made, shall be in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors in equal Degree One with another; and in case any Creditor shall by Ejedlment, or other due Course of Law, recover or get Post'efiion of all or any of the Toll Bars or Tolls* to be collected by virtue of the former Act or this Act, he shall be deemed to hold the fame in Trust for the Benefit of himself and all the other Creditors under the said former Act and this Act in an equal Degree, and shall account for and pay all the Money he shall receive amongst all the said Creditors or Mortgagees in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money advanced on their Parts respectively on the Credit of the said Tolls.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person and Persons who hath or have subscribed, or agreed to subscribe any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards making the said Two new Branches of Road hereby directed to be made, are and shall be severally and respectively liable, subject, and compellable to pay such Sum and Sums of Money lb subscribed to the Clerk or Treasurer appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said former Act and this Act, or to such other Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in Default of Payment thereof, within Twenty-one Days after the same shall be demanded by such Clerk or Treasurer, it shall and may be lawful for such Clerk or Treasurer to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than One Imparlance.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and preparatory thereto as is consequent upon a Renewal of the said recited Act, shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees out of any Money already collected or received, or hereafter to arise by virtue of the said recited Act, but that all extra Expences in anywise consequent upon or occasioned by the said new Branches, or the Introduction of the fame into this Act, shall be paid and discharged by and out of the Money subscribed as aforesaid, or to be hereafter borrowed for that Purpose, upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties hereby and by the said recited Act granted and made payable.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings of Trustees to carry this Act and the said recited Act into Execution (except Meetings

[Lae. & Perl] 14 X upon

No Preference to be given to Mortgagees*

For compel-hng S ibf l ibers t. pay their9u.jf~rip-tions.

For paying the Expences of the Act-

Alternate

Pi ces of Meetings.

1278

Meetings on Emergencies.

Power to er^ct

Weighing

Machints.

No Older to be revoked but Dj a

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

upon Emergencies as herein after mentioned) shall be alternately adjourned to and holden at some convenient Place on each Side of the East Moors, to wit. at Sheffield, Norton, DronfeU, Totley, or Ilolmesfield aforesaid, or at Bq/lom or Stoney Middleton aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, if after any Adjournment of the Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that there shall be an earlier Day of Meeting than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk to the said 1 rultees, by an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the acting Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, Anil forthwith give Notice by a Writing affixed on all the Toll Gates then erected by virtue of the said Act and this Act, and also by Advertisement in some Newspaper, printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, of the Time. Place, and Purpose, which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, (such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments: Provided always, that no such Meetings on-Emergencies shall alter or interfere with the alternate Places of holding Meetings hei ein-before mentioned.

XXI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, commonly called The General Turnpike Act, certain Powers were granted to any Five or more of the Trustees acting upon any Turnpike Road, to erect Weighing Engines, but by the said Act no Power is given to the said Trustees to compel and enforce the weighing of any Carriages, unless the same shall pass loaded through some Turnpike Bar or Toll Gate, and which Restriction is found to be prejudicial to the Interest of the Roads to be repaired by virtue of the said Act and this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the said Act and this Act, or any Five or more of them, at any publick Meeting, if they shall think proper, to order and cause to be built upon any Parts of the said Roads, as to them shall feent mod eligible and expedient, a Crane, Machine, or Engine, with suitable Buildings thereto proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages, conveying any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, and by Writing signed by them, or any Five or more of them, to order all and every, or any such Carriage or Carriages which shall come upon any Part of the said Roads within the Distance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, whether the same shall have parted through any Toll Gate or Bar or not, to be weighed together with the Loading thereof; and that all Clauses, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Restriduons, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, mentioned ami contained in the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and applicable to Weighing Machines, shall in all Cases extend to and operate upon all Cranes, Machines, and Engines whatsoever, to be erected by virtue of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Trustees, or any of them, at any of their Meetings, shall be revoked or

altered,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

altered, urtless at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Notice shall be given by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, Ten Days at lealt before such Meeting, signifying the Occasion of such Meeting, nor unless a greater Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to revoke and alter the fame than were present when such Order was made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done or omitted to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act and this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being, and that no Action or Suit, to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees in the Name of their Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Trustees shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action: Provided always, that every such Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pur--fuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, and it shall be lawful for him to retain out of the Money then in his Hands, or out of the first Money to come to his Hands by virtue of the said former Act and this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be concluded or discontinued, all such Payments, Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event of or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintilf or Defendant as aforesaid, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or omitted to be done in pursuance of the Directions of this or the said recited Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender hath been made by him to the Party or Parties aggrieved, which Tender the said Trustees are hereby authorized to make, or order to be made by the said Treasurer, in order to prevent any such Action or Actions, and the said Treasurer shall be reimbursed the Amount of every such Tender by the Ways and Means herein-before mentioned in the Cafe of any Action or Suit being actually commenced; nor shall any such Action or Suit be commenced after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed or Cause of Action arose; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County or Place where the Matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall, at his or their Election, plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter iaEvidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the tame shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall he given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant

1279

greater Number than made it.

Tru (lees may sue and be f ed in the Na.ne ot their Treafu.tr.

Treasurer to be rei.nbui&U.

No A lion to b- brought without an otic e.

r ?8o

Collect* ora declared competent Witnesses.

Applicaliont Coinpenfatio where excee ing xoo /.

43° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 70.

ant or Defendants, and upon furh Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or PlaiA-tiiFs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Cods in any other Cases by Law.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, of Litigation shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared to be competent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suir, or Litigation.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchai'ed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in the said fird recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Directioa and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction1 and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trurts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Confclidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuiries shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court,

to

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been erij titled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIX. And whereas Offences may be committed against the said recited Act and this Act by Persons whose Names are unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put the said recited Act and this Act into Execution 5 be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he, ffie, or they shall call to his, her, or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or District, and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or, at the Option of the Person charged with such Offence, to oblige such Person

1281

Application where the Compensation does nut exceed 200 /. nor less than 20/.

Application where the Money is Itfs than 20/.

For securiner transient Offenders.

1282

Penalties f r Nui lances and Obstructions on the poad.

Duration of the Term of the htl.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

or Persons so offending, to give Security for his, her, or their Appearanfce at the next Petty Session to be holden within and for the County, Riding, or Dillridt in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justica or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County, Riding, or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person driving or riding upon any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, or Mule, carrying Milk Cans, Crates, Cars, or Panniers, shall not keep the said Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, or Mule, on the Left-hand Side of the said Road, or if any Person shall make, or assist in making, any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Fireworks whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Road, or within Forty Yards from the same, every Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner as other Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are by the said former Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same; and the Term granted by the said recited Act, shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and determine; and that the said Act (subject nevertheless to this Act as aforesaid) and this Act shall from henceforth continue and be in force, and be executed, for and dupng the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

TON DON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. XS03.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

u(,ttuno\) 3iU o) uisth iq i'j'-'t iutri JUfiirn/o 01 Ytavjfioqtai 10

GEORGII III. REGIS.

J liJi; *AoJ 5til dii*r i^rii :\o! fvjmjtO *rt> !»ii*j»TJO rfr#l, *pt pst

*Mt*<M

s ;hiii i > miiviib Polr/I v 1 *aaa

, J T^IiI'/l Ecu / i. . M. tu ,1/ <^nib!>«i . eolfc»i i t;-. dpfi/

Cap. 71*

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorngutnbald> to Pat-trington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winejiead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton s Farm in the County of York.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of Geo. 3.

His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorn-gumbald, to Pattrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Wine-stead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton’j Farm in the County of York; and for scouring and cleansing the said- Creek or Haven: And ao Geo. 3. whereas an Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said recited Act, whereby so much of the said Act as relates to the said Creek or Haven was made perpetual: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Road, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off; nor can the said Road be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Aflsfurther

«uthorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, and continu,d-laufes therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from [Loc. & Per.] 14 Z—15 A Stamp

I

1286

Trustees for executing the said A5t$, to execute this.

For lowering the Toils granted by the General Turnpike Acts.

trustees may sue and he iued in the Name of their Clerk.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Road, be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby m^de subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit thereof and of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees named in or appointed in pursuance of the said recited Acts, and their Successors, to be chosen and appointed in pursuance of the fame Acts, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for putting in Execution the said Acts and this Act, and shall continue to meet and adjourn from Time to Time purl’u-ant to the Directions of the said Acts.

III. And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said recited Acts, have, in pursuance ef an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Ait of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for the regulating the ‘Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, built and erected a Machine or Engine, for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages, conveying of Goods or Merchan dize at or near a certain Toll Gate or Bar upon the said Road, called The Haven Side Bar, and have taken at the said Toll Bar and Engine the several additional Tolls authorized and directed to be taken in such Cases: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for explaining and altering the said Act: And whereas much Inconvenience has been found to arise from the additional Tolls authorized and directed to be taken by the said last mentioned Act, and it is necessary to make some Alteration with respect to such additional Tolls, and the Weights to be allowed in respect thereof at different Sealons of the Year on the said Road, and according to the State of the said Road; be it therefore further enacted, That the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said first recited Acts and this Act, may and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden in pursuance of the fame several Acts, to lower the several additional Tolls directed to be taken by the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, or to encrease the Weights to be allowed in respect of such additional Tolls from Time to Time, and in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient; any Thing in the ('aid last mentioned Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by virtue or on account of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Con-lent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plain-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 71. 1287

tiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided alsvays, cl'rk that every such Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be com- Ei'pencei?' menced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Co(ts, Charges, and Expences as by the Event of any such Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being lo made Plaintiff or Defendant therein as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application of awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, Money or used by virtue of the Powers of the said first recited Acts or this Acr, y lien amount-for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme ctfdingso-W. Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disabtlity or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such

Money Drill, in case the (ante shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said first recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands and Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes \ or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Ul'es, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Aunuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby ditected to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money where left so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments pur-dialed, taken, or uled for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any ir.gio/. Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity

as

1288—1292 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, ard shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Pet Tons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

where less

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

thanio/- f0 agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, together with Interest for all Money which shall be advanced from Time to Time for that Purpose, shall be defrayed out of the Tolls already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, on the said Road, or out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and as such be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and ether Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Term of this x. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relates to the said Road, shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein-before mentioned) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and he in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Por paying Expences of the AS.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty. 1803.

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Wits*

Cap. 72.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Two Acts made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra, to Hundred Bridge in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton.

[11th fune 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Rond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire in the Parish of Whiteparish, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dun wood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle- Bridge, through Romsey Infra to Hundred- Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton, which said Act was to have Continuance from the First Day of June One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue [Ler. 6? Perl] ij B the

I

I294

Additional Trustees.

43°GF.ORGII III. Cap. 72.

the Term and alter the Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said recited Acts in Execution have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, which, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, have been duly applied according to the Directions thereof, and great Progress hath been made in repairing'and amending the said Roads , but the fame cannot be effectually amended and kept in sufficient Repair, and the Money borrowed be rep lid, unless the Term and Powers of the said recited Acts be further continued and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty, Thac it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Clauses, Provisions, Tolls, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisoes, Forfeitures, and Punishments, and all other Matters and Things therein respectively contained, (except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties,) shall be, remain, and continue in full Force and Effect during the Term herein-after mentioned, and shall, together with this present Act, be put in Execution for amending, widening, and repairing (he Roads by the said Acts directed to be repaired, for and during the Term hereinafter granted as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the fame were expressly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or becomedue on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and this Act, and all Interest due and to becomedue for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Henry Paulet, commonly called Lord Henry Paulet, the Right Honorable Henry Lord Viscount Palmerston, the Honourable William Temple, Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mtldmay Baronet, Sir Charles Mill Baronet, Sir Telverton Peyton Baronet, Sir John Thomas Baronet, Sir Charles Rich Baronet, Sir Nathaniel Dance Holland Baronet, James Amyatt, Arthur Atherley the Younger, James Aldridge the Younger, the Reverend Charles Barton Clerk, Thomas Baker, Aaron Barling, William Barnard, Samuel Blake, Moses Boom, Frederick Breton, Thomas Coleman, Andrew Berkeley Drummond, Thomas Dttrell, George Eyre, John Maurice Eyre, Edward Fiott, William Fitzhugh, the Reverend Nat. Fletcher Clerk, William Footner, William Gosse, William Gosse the Younger, Arthur Hammond, Charles Hilgrove Hammond, the Reverend Arthur Atherley Hammond Clerk, Thomas Hall, the Reverend Samuel Heathcote Clerk, John Butler Harrison, Samuel Uarrifon, Clement Flilgro e, Joseph Samuel Hollis, Edward Horn, John Hunt, John Jarrett, James Lockhart, Lowder, Richard Light, John May, Charles May,

May, John Martin, Griffith MaJklin, Thomas Meats, the Reverend Thomas Shears, Charles Morris, Samuel Newell, Samuel Orr, John Ojborn, the Reverend Thomas Penton Clerk, William Price, George Henry Rore, A exander Scott, Godwin Seward, William Sloane, Stephen Sloar.e, Samuel Sharp, Clement Sharp, James Sharp the Younger, Giles Stibbert, Henry Thomas 1 im/on, William Tinling, John Willis, and Hugh Weeks, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the said Acts into Execution; and the said Trustees hereby appointed, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first-

+ recited

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

rec'red Act, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been appointed Trustees in and by the said Adds, or either of them.

1295

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Trustees may sued in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, and that no Action or Ac-f"e or be sued tions which shall be brought or commenced by or against the said ()‘}-['*'ijslame Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in thecierk. Name of their Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the

Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, or by the Act or Default of such Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them at a Public Meeting to be held for that Purpose, but the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be.

IV. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Clerks in whose NameClrrk to be any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pur-rfPaid his fuance of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be Expences. raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Charges, as

by the Event of every such Proceeding he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so Plaintiff or Defendant.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Turnpike Trustees to erect a Gate or Turnpike on the said Road, at the Distance Q*tgBar* of One Mile and a Quarter from Bar-Gate in the Town of Southamp- ate’ ton, but that no Toll whatever on any Cattle or Carriage passing or re-passing through the same shall be taken, levied, or collected thereat, but

for the fame Term, and on the same Days only in each Year, as Tolls arc allowed to be, and shall actually be collected at a certain Gate or Turnpike lately erected, within Eight Hundred Yards of the said Bar-Gate, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of so much of an ASlpaffed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stoi kbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and fresh the said City through Belmore-Lane to the Top of Stephen’s- Callle-Down, near the Town e/Bishop’s Waltham, in the said County; and from the said City of Winchester through Otrerborne to Bar-Gate, in the Town and County of the Town e/Southampton, at relates to the South Dislnct of the Southamp'on Road; and that Persons, Cattle, and Carriages passing through the first-mr ntioned Gate to the said Town of Southampton, and having paid Toll thereat, and bringing and shewing a Ticket of the Day denoting such Payment, shall not be liable to pay Toll at the said Gate or Turnpike erected within Eight Hundred Yards of the said Bar-Gate; and in like manner Persons, Cattle, and Carriages passing through the last mentioned Gate; and having paid Toll thereat, and bringing and shewing a Ticket of the Day, denoting such Payment, shall not be liable to pay Toll at the said Gate or Turnpike, which shall or may be erected One Mile and a Quarter Irom the said Bar-Gate.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein. No other or in the said recited Acts contained, shall extend or be contbued to ex- Toll 10 be tend, to empower the said Trustees to erect any Turnpike, Toll-Gate, or

ar> of Bar-Gate.

1296

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

Bar, or take or levy, or cause to be taken or levied, any Toll whatever within Three Miles of Bar-Gate, in the Town and County of Southampton, except as herein before provided.

Officers may

VII. And be it further enacted, That where it shall be necessary to distrain beWitneffci ^or ^ie ^ecovery °* Tolls authorised to be collected by the said re- cited Acts, such Distress shall and may be made or taken by the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or by any Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or by any other Person or Persons who shall be fit for that Purpose appointed by them, or either of them, or called upon to assist; and that in case any Dispute, Litigation, or Suit, shall arise or be had or prosecuted, touching or concerning any such Distress, or the Prosecution thereof, or concerning the Non-payment of the Tolls, any such Surveyor, Collector, or other Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees, or in any Manner in the Execution of this Act, shall at all Times, and in all Courts, and before all Justices, be good and competent Witnesses to prove the Legality of the Distress, the Non-payment of such Tolls, or to give any other Proof or Evidence concerning the Premires.

Power to

VIII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be deu'hf Per*0 Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under fonsguilty'of this Act j be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the Offences. Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Session to be holden for the Division or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and on such Conviction, or for Want of such sufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons fj offending to the House of Correction in and for the County, District, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, until he, she, or they shall pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such respective Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid; provided such Conviction be not for a longer Term than three Months.

Penalty on JX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take takmgaway away any Materials which shall have been digged or gathered in any bys'urveyora! Tands, Fields, Waftrs, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of making or amending the said Roads, or shall get or tike away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the Surveyor of the said Roads or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Twenty-one Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings.

43* GEORGII III. Cap. 72. , 1297

X. And be it further enacted, That Conviction for Offences against the Form of said recited Acts or this Act may be drawn up in the following Form, or Convitfion. to the like Effect (that is to say):

? gE it remembered, that on the {here insert

" To wit. 5 - " the Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord and

" the King's Reign) A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of on

" his own Confession, or on the Oath of a credi-

" ble Witness, (or and credible

" Witnesses as the Case may be) of

" (here specify the Offence and the Time and Place when and where the " fame was committed) contrary to the Form of the several Acts of Parliament passed for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond " late belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence " over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra to Hundred " Bridge in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County " of the Town of Southampton; and I the said Justice do adjudge the said " A.B. to have thereby incurred the Penalty of

" to be paid, recovered, and applied in Manner directed by the

" said Acts. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid:"

Which Conviction shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever:

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said Roads Paying the

for the Time being, or any Five or more of them respectively, shall and of

they are hereby authorised and required out of the First Monies to arise

by the said Tolls or Duties of the said Roads, or out of such Money as '

shall be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences of procuring and passing this present Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame until Payment thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application affelled to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- of Compen-chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, which fai,on' *hen shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Per- n'uif-10 son or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if dred Pounds, the fame amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, i 1 the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heredtta-m-nts, (Vjnding settled to the fame, or the like Uses, Intents, or Pur-

\_Loc. & Per.] 15 C poles,

1298

Application when the Compensation is less than Two Hundred Pounce, and exceed* Twenty Pounds.

Application when the Money is less than Twenty Pounas.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

poses} or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame (Ball be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Ufrs, Trurts, Intents, and Purposes, and rn the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limiced, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase rtiall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacred. That if any Money so agreed or afifefied to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rears and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid ac the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated byrhe Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or moic of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act (such N mination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Calc shall be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diiection or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thatwhen such Money so agreed or afieffed to be paid, as herein-before mentioned, shall be less than 1 wenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Acc, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

4. Commictee

I299

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons lb entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, Thatjthis Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Day of passing thereof, and together with the said recited Acts be put in Execution during the Term now to come and unexpired of the said Acts, and from thence for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

.. r r' . i

UA fIU ibik i->b ' :. } "i >' --

.'I I' .0 t

V jy *1 ... . i >: t

.. 3

rV>

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 73.

An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Roden, for the Intent and Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS, by Indenture of Seven Parts, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of December in the Year of Our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty two, made between the Right Honourable Baron Newport of Newport, then Lord Chancellor of Ireland, since deceased, of the First Part; the Right Honourable James Lord Viscount Limerick, and the Right Honourable Harriet Lady Viscountess Limerick, both since deceased, of the Second Part; the lionouraDle Robert Jocelyn, (late Earl of Roden, since deceased,) and who was the only Son of the said Right Honourable Baron Newport of the Third Part: the Honourable Ann Hamilton, Eldest: Daughter of the said James Lord Viscount Limerick and Harriet Lady Viscountess Limerick, of the Fourth Part; his Grace Williant Duke of Portland, and the Rig t Honourable John Lord Berkeley, (since deceased,) and Sir John Mordaunt Knight of the Bath, deceased, of the Fifth Part; the Honourable James Hamilton, (late Earl of ClanbraJfil, since deceased,) and who was the Eldclt Son and Heir of the said James Lord Viscount Limerick, and IVdliam Henry Fortescue, (now Earl of Clermont,) of Reynoldflown in the County Louth, Esqvure, of the Sixth Part; and the Reverend Isaac Man, Doctor of iLoc.& Per.] 15 D Divinity

I

13°2

4 3° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Divinity, and Robert Hamilton of the City of Dublin, Esquire, (both fi.ice dccealed,) and William Read of Dundalk, (also since deceased,) Esqtiire, of the Seventh Part; in consideration of a Marriage then intended to be had and folemoizrd between the said Robert Jocelyn and the said Ann Hamilton, and which Marriage was shortly after had and solemnized, and for the other Considerations therein mentioned, the said Robert Lord Newport granted, bargained, (old, released, and confirmed all that and those the I own and Lands of BalRcahill, Ballyphilips, Lijalenry, and Donagh-nunagb, situate, lying, and being in the Barony of Upper Ormond, and County of Tipperary; the Town and Lands of Garran, Grailagb, Coole-mere, and larranreagh, in the Barony of Middletbird, and County atore-said-, the Town and Lands of Tomlough, Tom quin, Ballingere, Ballynahinfe otter wile Ballynalenfy, and Stjfinegrough, in the Baiony of Oivncy and Arra, and County aforesaid; the Town and Lands of Slevyre, Derryvohill, Cappanafmear, Carbnnamcught, CaJJanagh, Reran, Lisfbecn, Two Garryards, Lifballyurd, and Rathmakiena, in the Barony of Lower Ormond, and County aforesaid; the Town and Linds of Knockakelly, Crcnovan, and RoJJna-multetny, in the Barony of Ktlnemanagh, and County aforesaid; One yearly Lee Farm Rent of T'hirty Pounds, bluing out of the L.an s ot Carragheen, anti Part of Ballinvere, in the Barony of Slev rdagh and Compjcy, nd County aforesaid j and the Town and Lands of Trtjlane, in the Barony of Clonmacknown, and County of Galway, wi h the Appurtenances, unto the said William Duke of Portland, John Lord Beikeley, and Sir Join Mordaunt, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon fruit to the Use of the said Robert Jocelyn, (late Earl of Roden, since deceased,) lor the hertn of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and af er the Determination of that Estate to the LTe of the said William D ike of Portland, John Lord Berkeley, and Sir John Mordaunt and thiir Heirs, for and during the Natural Life of the said Robert Joci'yn, (late Earl of Roden,') upon Trust to support the Contingent Remainders thereinafter-mentioned from being defeated or destroyed; but neverthelef to permit and fufler the said Robert Jocelyn, (late Earl cf Roden,) and his Affi ;ns, to rective and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, to his and their own Life, during his Natural Life, and from and afier his Dcce.ife to the Ule and Behoof of the First and every other Son and Sons of the said Robert Jocelyn, (late Earl of Roden,) on the Body of the said Ann Hamilton, (late Countess Dowager of Roden,) lawfully to be begotten, severally, lucctiTivcIy, and in Remainder, one after another in Order and Course as they should be in Priority of Birth; and of the several and respective Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Son and Sons lawfully i.Tuing, the Elder of such Sons, and the Heirs Male of his Body lawfully issuing, being always to be preferred and to take before the Younger of them and the Heirs Male of his Body; and in Default of such IlTue to the Use of the said Robert Lord Hewpcrt, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: and by said Deed the Sum of Eleven Thousand Pounds, as therein mentioned, was given to the said Isaac Man, Robert Hamilton, and William Read, to be by them, or any Two of them, laid out in the Purchase of Lands, which were to enure to the same Uses as the said Lands hereinbetore mentioned, but subject to a Jointure for the said Ann, (late Countels Dowager of Roden,) of Five Hundred Pounds a Year, and also subject to a Charge of Eight Thousand Pounds for Younger Children as therein particularly mentioned, as by laid lndtncuic of Settlement, Relation being the reunto had, may more

i3°3

43° GEORGII III. Cap 73.

fully appear: And whereas the said Marriage took effect and there was I flue thereof, the Right Honourable (now Ear! of Roden) and leveret other Children , namely, the H inourable George Jocelyn, since deceased, the Honourable and Reverend Percy Jocelyn, the Honour ble John Jocelyn, the Kighc Honourable Lady Harriett Skeffington otherwise Jocelyn, the Right Honourable Lady Caroline Jocelyn, the Right Honourable Lady Charlotte Jocelyn, the ft ght Honourable Lady Sophia Arbuckle otherwise Jocelyn, the Right Honourable Lady Louija Orde otherwise Jocelyn, and the Right Honourable Lady Emily Sfraton otherwise Jocelyn: And whereas the said 1 rustees, in Execution of the Power vetted in them by said Settlement, laid out said Sum of Eleven Thousand Pounds in the Purchase of the Fee and Inheritance of and in the Town and Lands of CLndoty, Ballymoneen, Ballyduage, and Galbertflown otherwise Ballygaibert, situate in the Barony of Ehogarty, and County of Tipperary; And whereas the said Robert late Farl of Roden was teiled in Fee of and in the Town and Lands of Curragh, Lock ameer, Corbaily, Kilparteen, Mount Lane, Ttillo, Derryleagh, Clonbealey, Kinecappagh, Loughlinleigh, and Coolenecally, in the Barony of O’Juney and Arra, and County of fipperary aforel od; the Tow 1 and Lands of Armagh, Ballyjhme, Ballyvulvafey, Dary, Ballyderrin, Clonfinane, Clon-rajkin, Derrinlorgory, Coolahy, Gortodorijbane, Grallagh, Gurteen, Gr a: gel am, Corequil, Cranagh Newtown, Quillagb, Clohajkin, Coolederry, and Toberlogb, Cloncory, Arraghmore, Rodeen, Terreglass, and Ballyqitin/evan, in the Barony of Lower Ormond, and County of Tipperary aforesaid; and the Town and Lands of Bavin, in the Barony of Upper Ormond, and County aforesaid: And whereas the said Robert late Ea-1 of Roden, on the Seventeenth Day of July in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, duly made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, subscribed by three credible Wirnefics, and thereby ordered that the Sums of Five Thousand Pounds and Three Thousand Pounds, charged upon the said purchased Lands should be raised by the Trustees, by Sale or Mortgage of said Lands, for his Younger Children’s Portions, in addition to the Sum provided by laid Will for them, and he did thereby charge and incumber all his Lands in Ireland, which were not comprised in his said Marriage Settlement (being the Lands herem before mentioned, of which he was seised in Fee), except his Floufe in York Street in the City of Dublin, with the Sum of Twelve T.mufand Pounds, which he thereby impowered his Trustees therein named to raise by Mortgage, Sale, or otherwise, as an Addition to the Provision appointed by said Settlement, of the Eleventh of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, for Younger Children, and also subject to the Payment of Three Hundred Pounds a Year, therein deviled to his Wife for Life, he deviled the said real and freehold Estate in Ireland, except his laid House in York Street, and every Part thereof, to James Earl of Clanbrajftl, and Doctor Ijacc Man Bishop of Cork, and their Heirs, subject to the said Annuity of Three Hundred Pounds, provided for his laid Wife, as a further Addition to her Jointure, and payable to her during the Term ot her Natural Life, and also to the said Sum of Twelve Thousand Pounds in Trull, to the Ulc of his said Son Robert, (now Earl of Roden,) and his Assigns during the Term of his Natural Life, without Impeachmenc of Waste, and from and after the Determination of that Ellate in the Lifetime of the said Robert (now Earl of Roden) to the Use of the said James Earl of Clanbrufftl and Doctor Isaac Man Bishop of Cork and their Heirs upon Trull, to Rapport the Contingent Remainders therein-after limited

from

i30+

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

from being defeated or destroyed, with Liberty to bring Actions or make Entries as the Case should require, but nevertheless upon Trust to permit and suffer the said Robert (now Earl of Roden) during his Life to take and receive the Profits of laid Lands and Premifrs last mentioned, and from and after his Decease to the Use of the First Son of the Body of the said Robert (now Earl of Roden) and the KTue Male of Inch First Son lawfully begotten, and for Want of such I flue to the Use and Behoof of the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Srxih, and Seven'll, and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of the said Robert (now Earl of Roden) lawfully begotten, severally and successively according to Seniority, an Ito the Heirs Male of his and their respective Body and Bodies, the eldest of such Sons and the Heirs Male of his Body to be always preferred and take before the younger of such Sons and the Heirs Male of his and their Body and Bodies; and for Want of such Issue of him the said Robert (now Earl of Roden) to the Use of Test itor’s Second Son George Jocelyn and his Assigns for h;s Life, with Remainder in like Manner to laid Trustees to preserve Contingent Rcriiainders, with like Remainders to the Issue Male and in like Manner of his said Son George, and in Default of such I due Male of his said Son George, Remainder to his Third Sun Percy and his Assigns, for the Term of his Life, with like Remainder to said Trustees to preserve Contingent Remainders, with Rema;nder a lb to the I due Male and in like Manner of the Body of his said Son Percy and in Default of such Issue Male of his said Son Percy, Remainder to his Fourth Son John and his Assigns for the Term of his Life, with like Remainder to the said Trustees to preserve Contingent Remainders, with Remainder also to the Issue Male of his said Son John, and in fiefaule of such Issue Male of all his said Sons, Remainder to the Use of every other of h s younger Sons to be thereafter born of his said Wife in Succession according to Seniority of Age and Priority of Birth for and during the Term of his natural Life, Remainder to said Trustees to preserv Contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Issue Male of each of said Testator’s younger Sons to be thereafter born successively, the Issue of each of his said younger Sons to be thereafter born to take iminediarely in Remainder to the Lite Estate limited to his or (heir F'ather; and in case of Failure of such Issue of all Tetlator’s Sons, his Will and Intent was, that the said Fari of Cla broJJil and said Ifacc Bishop of Cork and the Survivor of them his Heirs and Assigns should stand seised of all Iris Lid unsettled Estate add Lands in Ireland, subject to the Charges and Incumbrances aforesaid, as also of the Reversion in Fee of his Estates and Lands settled at the Time of his Marriage, in Trust, and to the Use of all his Daughters born and to be born in equal Shares, the Shares and Proportions of each of his laid Daughters to enure to her Ule for and during the Term of her natuial Life, Remainder to his said Trustees for the Purpose of preserving the Contingent Remainders therein mentioned from being defeated or destroyed, and from and immediately after the Decease of each and every of his said Daughters Remainder as to her laid Shire and Proportion of his laid Lands and Estates last mentioned to the Use of the First Son of the Body of each and every of his said Daughters, and the Issue Male of Inch First Son lawfully begotten, anti fur Default of such issue to the Use of the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and every other Son and Sons of the Body of each of his laid Daughters lawfully hegotten severally and successively according to Seniority, and to the Heirs Male of h s ana their respective Body and Bodies, the eldest of

*3°5

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

such Sons and the Heirs Male of his Body to be always preferred and take before the younger of such Sons and the Heirs Male of his and their Body and Bodies, and on the Death of any of his said Daughters without issue Male or in Failure of such issue he thereby deviled and directed that the Share and Proportion of such Daughter should go to and amongst his surviving Daughters and the issue Male of every of his said Daughtets who should have died before in equal Shares and Proportions, to hold to such of his laid Daughters as should happen to be then living for and during the Term of her natural Life, Remainder to his laid Trustees in order to preserve Contingent Remainders, and after the Decease of each and every of his said Daughters, Remainder as to her said Share and Proportion of said Effaces and Lands last mentioned to her Firfi and every other Son in Tail Male, Remainder after the De;.th of all his Daughters without issue Male to his own right Heirs, provided that when any Heirs Male of the Body of his said Daughters or any of them should come to inherit his said Lands last mentioned or any Part thereof the Person or Persons so taking as aforesaid, within Six Months after his becoming entitled to such Effate, should take the Sirname of Jocelyn, and each of such Persons should take and use no other Sirname during his Life, and in case he should fail to perform the Condition last mentioned he should be considered as having died, and said Lands and Effate should go to the Person next entitled to take the fame under the Limitations aforesaid, he complying with said Conditions; and he also by his said Will directed that his said Son Robert now Lari of Roden, and all other Sons therein before named and also his Daughters respectively should and might be atLiberty and should have it in their Power successi vely as he, she, or they should be in Possession of the said unlettled Lands and Premises situate in the Kingdom of Ireland, under the Limitations therein mentioned to nuke Leases for Lives or Years therof so as every such Lease should not exceed the Term of Three Lives or Thirty one Years in Possession, and that the best and ntofl reasonable Rent be reserved thereon during the Term thereby demised without Pine, and so as such Leases and every of them be made by Indenture: And whereas the said Robert late E^rl of Roden was entitled, under the Will of the late Lady Caroline Hamilton deceased, in Right of his Wife, to the Sum of Lour ThouLnd Pounds, which was payable and to be paid on the Death of the then Dowager Countess of Clanbrajfil, he bequeathed the said Sum of Four Thousand Pounds to the said Lari of Clar.braJJil and the said Isaac Bishop of Cork to be added to the above Sums of Three Thousand Pounds and F'ive Thousand Pounds and Twelve Thousand Pounds, the Whole amounting to the Sum of Twenty-four Thousand Pounds, in Trust and as Portions for his said younger Children to be paid and payable to them as therein is directed; and the said Robert late Earl of Roden on the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight made a Codicil to his said Will, thereby reciting that he had devised to his laid Daughter Harriet, who had then lately married. Three Thousand Pounds, which he intended as and for her Share and Proportion of said Sum of Twenty-four Thousand Pounds, and which Sum of Three Thousand Pounds he had since the Perfection of his said Will paid off and discharged j and that by his said Will he had devised to his Son George Jocelyn Fwo Thousand Pounds as and for his Fortune and Share or Proportion of said Sum of Twenty-four Thousand Pounds, and that on the Intermarriage of his said Son George Jocelyn since the Making and Publishing \_Loc. & Per.] 15 £ of

1306

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

of his said W ill, he had securrd to said George Jocelyn, by his Bond with Warrant of Attorney for confessing Judgment thereon, said Sum of Two Thousand Pounds, and which Lid Sum of Two Thousand Pounds he intended for the said Georgejccelyn as and for his full Share and Proportion of laid Sum of Twenty-four Thousand Pounds; and he thereby declared it to be his Will that the said Sum of Three Thousand Pounds paid and advanced by him to and fortheUfeot the Sctilement made on or previous to the Intermatriageof his said Daughter Harriet was and should be deemed and taken to be in full Payment and Satisfaction of her Share and Proportion of said Sum of Twenty-four Thousand Pounds provided by his Will for the Portions for his younger Children, and he did thereby revoke the said Legacy of Three Thousand Pounds devised by his said Will to his said Daughter Harriet, and desired that said Sum of Three Thousand Pounds devised to her should not be raised but should fink for the Benefit of his el 'eft Son for the Time being; and as to said Sum of Two Thousand Pounds secured to his said Son George by his Bond as aforesaid, it was his Will, until the fame should be fully paid off and farisfied, the said Sum of Twenty-four Thousand Pounds provided for the Portions of his younger Children should, with his other Real and Personul Estate whereof he should die possessed, remain and be subjectt to the Payment of said Sum of Two Thousand Pounds secured by said Bond to said George Jocelyn, nut that it was his Will that so loon as said Sum of Two Thi uiand Pounds should be paid to him or for his Use, that said Sum when paid should be in Satisfaction for his Share or Proportion of said Sum of T wcntv-four Thousand Pounds, and that it was his Will that it said Sum of Two Thousand Pounds lo secured to said George Jocelyn should happen to be paid out of any Part of his Estate or Effects without having Recourse to said Sum of Twenty four Thousand Pounds, that thrn the fame should not be again raised out of said last-mentioned Sum, but should fink for the Benefic of his elded Son for the Time being, but which said Sum of Two Thousand Pounds has not yet been paid: And whereas in Michaelmas Term in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty (even the said Robert late Earl of Roden and Robert now Earl of Roden (‘offered Two several Common Recoveries of the several Towns, Lands, and Fee-Farm Rent in said Indenture of the Eleventh of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two mentioned: And whereas by Indenture of Six Paris, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of February in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, made between the R'ght Honourable Robert late Earl of Roden and the Right Honourable Robert now Earl of Roden, by the Name and Drscription of (he Right Honourable Robert Jocelyn, commonly called Lord Viscount Jocelyn, of the Kingdom of Ireland, eldest Son and H< ir Apparent of the said Robert late Earl of Roden of the First Part; Mathew Black of the City of Dublin, Gentleman, of the Second Part; Edward Tigbe of the City of Dublin, Esquire, Acting Agent and Guardian appointed under the last Will and Tellament of the Reverend Robert Bligb late Dean of Elf bin, to and for Frances Theodojia Bligb, tided Daughter of the said Robert Bligh, and the said Frances TheodJia Bligb, of the Third Part; the Right Honourable James Earl of ClanbroJJil, since deceal'ed, and Thomas Cherburgh Bligb of Briitas in the County of Meath, Esquire, of the Fourth Part; Thomas James Fortescue of Ravenfdale in the County of Louth, Esquire, and Robert Elphin Bligb of the City of Dublin, Esquire, of the Fifth Part; and the Honourable Chichester Skeffington of Wexford in the County of Wexford, Esquire, and

Francis

T3°7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Francis Hopkins of the City of Dublin, Esquire, of the Six'h Part; in Consideration of a Marriage then intended to be had and solemnized between the hid Robert t*ien Lord Viscount Jocelyn and the said Frances Thecdofia Bligb (late Countcls of Roden), and in Consideration of the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, the Marriage Portion of the said Frances Theodofia Bligb, and other Considerations therein mentioned, thi y the said Robert late farl of Roden and Robert now Earl of Roden d'd grant, bargain, fell, assign, alien, rcltale, and confirm unto the said James Earl of Clanbrajfil and Thomas Cherburgh Bhgb, (the fame being in their acn al P> ficfiion, by vi tue of a Bargain and Sale to them thereof made by the said Robert late Earl of Roden and Robert now Earl of Roden, for the Term of One whole Ye r, by Indenture bearing Date the Day next before the Day of the Date of Lid Deed, in Confederation of Five Shillings Sterling, and by Force of the Statute for transferring Uses into P fftflion and to their Heirs, all rhat and those the said Messuages, Towns, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Fee Farm Rent and Premises herein-before and hereinafter mentioned, that is to say the Town and Lands of Bally-cabill, Ballypbilip, Lifalemy, and Donogbmonagb \ the Town and Lin.is of Garran, Gra/lagb, Coolemore and Forranreagh; the Town and Lands of 7'omlough, Tomquin, Balling ere, Ballynabenfy oiherv, ife Ballynabetjy, and SeJ/inegrough the Town and Lands of Slevyre, Derrihvobill, Cappanaf-tnear, Carbunamcugbt, Cajfanab, Roran, Li.Jhecn, Two Garryards, Lijbal-lyard, and Ratbmakema; the Town and Lands of Knocks kelly, O or, av on, and Rojjnamulteeny, One yearly Fee Farm Kent of Thirty Pounds issuing out of the Lands of Curragbeen, Garrimorish, and Part of Ballmvtre in the County of Tipperary aforesaid; the Town and Lands of Tnjiane in the County of Galway aforesaid, with all and Angular the Rights, Members, Privileges, Advantages. Appendances, and Appurtenances wh,t-soever thereunto belonging or in any wise appertaining, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, yea.ly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, and all the ElLte, Right, Title, Interest, Inheritance, LJfe, Trull, Property, Claim and Demand both at Law and in Equity of them the said Robert late Earl of Roden and Robert now Earl of Roden, and each of them, of, in, and to the fame and every Part and Parcel thereof, to hold the said Messuages, Towns, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Fee Farm Rent, and all and Angular other the Premises thereby granted and released or intended so to be, unto the said James Earl of Clanbrajfil and Thomas Cherburgh Bligb, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon such Uses, Truifs, Intents and Purposes as the said Messuages, Towns, Land, Tenements, Hereditaments, Fee Farm Rent and Premises did then stand limited, until the said intended Marriage should be had, and from and immediately after the Solemnization thereof, to the Use and Behoof of the said Thomas James Fortescue and Robert Elpbin Bligb, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Term of Three hundred Years, to commence a id be computed from the Day of the Solemnization of said intended Marriage, and from thenceforth next ensuing, fully to be complete and ended, without Impeachment of Waite, but nevertheless upon the Trulls and to and for the Intents and Purposes thereinafter expressed and declared of and concerning the same, and from and after the End and Expiration or other sooner Determination of the said Term of Three hundred Years and subject thereto, and to the Trulls thereof, and in the mean Time to and for the Use, Intent and Purpose that the said Robert now Earl of

Roden

i3°8

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Roden and his Assigns should and might from Time to Time during the join' Lives of the Lid Robert late Earl of Roden and Robert now Earl of Roden., have, receive, take and enjoy One annu d Sum or yearly Rent-Charge of One thousand Pounds Sterling, and subject and chargeable as aforesaid, to and for the Intent and Purpose that the said Frances The-odofia, late Counrefs of Roden, in case (he should survive the said Robert now Earl of Roden, shoulu have, receive and take One annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge of Eight hundred Pounds Sterling; and from and immediately after the End, Expiration, or other sooner Determination of the said Term of Three hundred Years, and subject thereto, and to the Trust thereof, and in the mean Time to the Use of the said Robert late Earl of Roden and his Assigns for and during the Term of his Natural l.ife, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and Immediately after the Decease of the said Robert late Earl of Roden, then to the Use of the said Robert now Earl of Roden and his Assigns for and during the Term of his Natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after the Determination of said several Estates so limited to the said Robert late Earl of Roden and Robert now Earl of Roden respectively, and to their respective Assigns for their respective Lives as aforesaid, or either of them, by Forfeiture or otherwise, in the Lifetime of the said Robert late Earl of Roden and Robert now Earl of Roden, or either of them, to the Use of the said James Earl of ClanbraJJil and Thomas Cherburgh Bligh and their Heirs during the Lives of the said Robert late Earl of Roden and Robert now Earl of Roden, and the Life of the Survivor of them, in Trust to support and preserve the Contingent Uses and Estates thereinafter limited from being defeated or destroyed, and for that Purpose to make Encries and bring Actions as Occasion should require, but nevertheless to permit and suffer the said Robert late Earl of Roden and his Assigns during his Life, and after his Decease the said Robert now Earl of Roden and his Assigns during his Life, to receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the fame Messuages, Towns, Lands, Hereditaments, Fee Farm Rent and Premises to and for his and their own Use respectively; and from and after the Decease of the Survivor of them to the Use of the said Chichester Skeffington and Francis Hopkins, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, to commence and be computed from the Time of the Death of the Survivor of them the said Robert late Earl of Roden and Robert now Earl of Roden, and from thenceforth next ensuing fully to be completed and ended, without Impeachment of Waste upon the Trusts therein and hereinafter mentioned of and concerning the same, and from and immediately after the End, Expiration, or other sooner Determination of said Term of Five hundred Years, and subject thereto, and to the Trusts thereof in the mean Time to the Use and Behoof of the First Son of the Body of the said Robert now Earl of Roden upon the Body of the said Frances Theodo/ia late Countess of Roden to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such First Son lawfully issuing, and for Default of such Ilfue to the Use of the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of the said Robert now Earl of Roden upon the Bo.:y of the said Frances Theodofta late Countess of Roden, to be begotten severally, successively, and in Remainder one after another in Order and Courlc as they and every of them should be in Priority of Birth, and the several and respective Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Son and Sons lawfully issuing, the elder of such Sons and the 1' 'rs

Male

13°9

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Mile of his Body lawfully issuing being always to be preferred and to take before the younger of the fame Sons, and the Hr rs Male f his and their Body and Bodies ilfuing , and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of the Heirs of the said Robert now Earl of Roden forever-, and as to, for, arid concerning the said Trim of Three hundred Years thereinbefore limitrd to the Use of the said ‘Thomas James Fortescue and Robert FJphir, Bligb, their Executors, Administrators, and Adigns as afore! id, it was thereby declared and agreed by and between the Parties to said Indenture, that the said Term of Three hundred Years was so limited to them upon the Trusts and to the Intents and Purposes followings that is to lay, upon 7’ruit in the First Place for the further and better securing to the said Robert now Earl of Roden and his Adigns the Payment of the said annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge of One thousand Pounds therein before limited a id made payable to him and his Adigns as aforesaid; and in the next Plate for better securing to the said Frances Theo-dofia, late Countess of Roden, and her Adigns, during her Life, in case she should happen to survive the said Robert now Earl of Roden, the due Payment of the said annual Sum or yearly Rent Charge of Eight hundred Pounds, so limited to her and her Adigns for her Life, by Way or in Nature of a Jointure, to lake Effect as aforesaid, and to aid and adilt her in the Recovery thereof, and also upon Trust to pay the said Frances Theodosia late Countess of Roden, upon or immediately after the Death of the said Robert now Earl of Roden, in case she fhotild happen to survive him, the Sum of Four hundred Pounds Sterling, exclusive and over and above the said Annuity of Eight hundred Pounds -, and as to, for, and concerning the said Term of Five hundred Years therein before limited in Use to the said tbichester Skeffin-ton and Francis Hopkins, their Executors, Administrators, and Adigns as aforesaid, it was thereby declared and agreed that the said Term so limited to them was upon the Trusts and to the Intent and Purposes following-, that is to say, upon Trust that in cale there should be any Child or Children of the Body of the said Robert now Earl of Roden on ihe Body of the said Frances The-odofia late Countess of Roden begotten, other than and besides an elded or only Son, whether born in the Lifetime of the said Robert now Earl of Roden, or after his Deceale, such Child or Children be a Son or Sons, or a Daughter or Daughters, or should there be both Sons and Daughters among them, they the said Chtchester Sheffington and Francis Hopkins, or the Survivor of them, or ihe Executors, Administrators, or Adigns of such Survivor should, at any Time or Times alter the Deceale of the Survivor of them the faici Robert lace Earl of Roden and Robert now Earl of Roden, by Mortgage, Sale, Demile, or other Ddposition of all or any Part or Parts of the said Messuages, Towns, L,ands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Fee Farm Rent and Premises comprized in the said Term of Five Hundred Years, fur all or any Part of the said Term, or by, with, and out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Premises, or any Parc thereof, or by bringing Actions against all or any of the Tenants for Recovery of the Kents then in Arrear, or by all or any of the aforesaid Ways and Means, or by any other Ways and Means whatsoever, as the said Trullees or Trustee (or the Time being should think proper, but (object and without Prejudice to the railing and Payment, as well of the said annual Sum or yeady Rent Charge ot Eight Hundred Pounds to the said Frances Fbeodofia late Countess of Roden and her Adigns, for her Lite for her Jointure, and of the said Sum ot Four Hundred Pounds so limited to [Lot, & Ter.] 15 F' her

L »*,

i3io

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

her as aforesaid, and subject to the several Powers and Remedies therein contained for the better securing the Payment thereof, levy, raise, and pay the Sum of Eight Thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, according to the Currency of Ireland, for the Portion or Portions of all and every such Child or Children, other than and besides an elded or only Son as aforesaid, to be paid to such Child or Children, if more than One, in such shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, with Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds by the One Hundred Pounds by the Tear, to commence and be computed from the Time or Times that such of them as should be a Son or Sons should respectively attain his or their Age or Ages of Twenty-one Years, and from the Time or Times that such of them as should be a Daughter or Daughters should respectively attain her or their Age or Ages of Twenty-five Years, or Day or Days of Marriage, whichever should first happen, and with such Interest, in the Way of Maintenance, not exceeding the Rate aforesaid, to commence and become payable from the Death of the Survivor of the said Robert late Earl of Roden or Robert now Earl ot Roden, until the said Portion or Portions should become payable as aforesaid, or he the said Robert now Earl of Roden should from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, or by his last Will and Testament in Writing, to be by him duly executed in the Frefence of Three or more credible subscribing Witnesses, direct, limit, or appoint; and in Default of such Distribution, by virtue of the Power so to him given and reserved as aforesaid, then and in such Case in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, and with such Maintenances not exceeding the Rate of Interest aforesaid, and at such Ra'te aforesaid for such Portions when payable, and until raised and paid, as the said Frames Fbeodofta late Countess of Roden in case Ihe should happen to survive the said Robert now Earl of Roden, direct, lirmt, or appoint; and for Want of such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment by the said Robert now E.arl of Roden, or the said Frances Fbeodofta late Countess of Roden as aforesaid, then the said Sum of Eight Thousand Pounds to be equally divided amongst all and every such younger Son and Sons, and ali and every such Daughters, Share and Share alike, the Portion or Portions of such Son or Sons to be paid to him or them at his or their respective Age or Ages of Twenty-one Years, and the Portion or Portions of such Daughter or Daughters to be paid to her or them ac her or their respective Ages of Twenty-five Years, or Days of Marriage, which ever should first happen after the Death of the Survivor of the said Robert late Earl of Roden or Robert now Earl of Roden-, and if there should be but one younger Child of the said intended Marriage, then the said Sum of Eight Thousand Pounds to be paid to such one younger Child in such Manner and at such Time and Times after the Death of the Survivor of the said Robert late Earl of Roden or Robert now Earl of Roden, as the said Robert now Earl of Roden, or Frances Fbeodofta late Countess of Roden, after his Death, should as aforesaid direct, limit, or appoint, with such Maintenance and Interest as aforesaid; and for Want of such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, to be paid to such younger Chr’d, if a Son, at his Age of Twenty-one Years, and it a Daughter at hei Age of Twenty-five or Day of Marriage, which should first happen after the Death of the said Robert now Earl of Roden; provided that if any such younger Son or Sons of the said Robert now Earl of Roden, by the said Frances Fbeodofta late Countess of Roden, should happen to become an eldest or oniy Son, or if any such younger Sons or Daughters

should

T311

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

should happen to die before his or their Portion or Portions respectively should become payable, then the Portion or Portions of him or them so dying or of him so becoming an eldest: or only Son, should go, accrue, and be paid unto the Survivors or Survivor of them when his or their original Portion or Portions should become due and p.ivable; and it was thereby further declared and agreed, that in case all the Children who should be entitled to any Portion or Portions, or Sums of Money, by virtue of the Trusts thereby declared of the said Term of Five hundred Years, should happen to die before any of the said Portions should become payable, then the said Sum or Sums of Money should not be raised, but cease for the Benefit of such Person or Persons as should, for the Time being, be entitled to the Remainder or Reversion of and in the said Messuages, Towns, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Fee Farm Rent and Premises comprized in the said Term; and it was thereby provided that it should and might be lawtui for the said Robert late Earl of Roden, and for every Person or Persons who should be at any Time feifrd of the Freehold or Inheritance of said Lands and Premises, by any Deed or Deeds under his or their Hands and Seals, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to make ar.y Demise or Lease, Drmifes or Leases, of all or any Part of the said Lands and Premises, for One, Two, or Three Lives, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Thirty-one Years in Possession, and not in Reversion or Remainder, and so as that in every fich Demise or Demises, Lease or Leases, lo to be made, the Tenant or Tenants should execute a Counterpart or Counterparts thereof, and that there should be reserved,

1 payable half yearly, the best improved Rent that could or might be gotten for the fame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Thing, by Way of Fine or Income fur or in respect of such Lease or Leases, Den ife or Demises, and so as that such Lease or Leases should not be made diipunishable of Wade; and it was also further agreed and declared that nothing therein contained should affect the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lcffees of said Lands who were then in Possession by Virtue of Leases then in being and unexpired, but that each and every of said Leases were thereby ratified and confirmed: And whereas the said Marriage was shortly after had and solemnized, and there is IlTue of laid Marriage Robert, commonly called Lord Viscount, Jocelyn, the Honourable James Jocelyn, the Honourable ‘Thomas Jocelyn, and the Honourable George Jocelyn , and two Daughters, namely, the Right Honourable Lady Frances Jocelyn, and the Right Honourable Lady Ann Jocelyn, who are all M'nors: And whereas the said Robert now Earl of Roden is now entitled to the Equity of Redemption of the F'ee and Inheritance of and in the Manor, Town, and Lands of Dundalk, in the County of Louth, and all Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments in and near the said Town of Dundalk belonging or in anywise appertaining thereto, and the Town and Lands of Dancafreth, Mullahtlly, Edrabcre, Crojmore, Knockjhegogbeg, Knockjhegogmore, Muck Island. Knock-Jcreeny, Drumbojny, Carncklcnly alias Clintonknock, Dtrrygarry, Lijbally-regan, Baliywinter, Moylane, the Nine Acres and the several Parcels of Lana formerly in the Possession of John Wiltshire, Francis Piers, and Captain Cox, and the late Lord Viscount Dungannon, Rujhee Park, Salla Park, Whitcbitl, Part of Cajilekncck Part of the Moor Lands, and Knock-bane, Lifdonogh, Carnbeg, Carnmore, Bandar's Mote otherwise Bandons Louse, birtown, Part of Dowdall’s Hill, Babradagh, Yellow Park, Lurgan-keei. Part of BaUygan otherwise Baltygoregan, beat own, Mullaghadowdall,

Ballynaha,

1312

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Ba'llynahattina, otherwise French Furze, Cloghfaddagb, Mullagh willy, the Pidgeon Park, Ladywell, Brick Park, Lifduff, and the Moor Lands on the North Side of the River of Dundalk, Maghrycanan, and Rathrogan, Clogbankeen, Clinlonfrock, the Meares and Searons and the G>/W Marsh, on the South Side of the River of Dundalk, the Town and Lands of Cnrrickedmond, Big Ballriggan and Little Ballriggan, exrent the Parts held by Edmond Tipping and George Murphy, Lifnawilly, Mulla^harlin, Crumlin, Clunevoy, Harriftown, Coolfour, South Marsh, and N rlh Marsh, all situate in the County of Louth, also a Fee Farm Rent of Three Pounds Ten Shillings issuing out of the Town and Corporation of Dundalk, the Chief Fish or Sturgeon or One Pound Ten Shillings yearly in lieu thereof, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of One Pound Eleven Shillings anti Nine-pence issuing out of a Tenement on the West Side of High Street, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Sixpence issuing out of a Piece of Ground on the West Side of High Street, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of One Pound Twelve Shillings and Sixpence issuing ouc of a Piece of Ground on the East Side of High Street, and a Garden in Camp Street, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of One Pound One Shilling and Sixpence issuing out of a Piece of Ground in the said Street, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of One Pound Ten Shillings and Nine Pence issuing ouc of a Tenement on the West Side of the Middle Ward, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of One Pound Five Shillings and Nine Pence issuing out of a Tenement in Bridge Street, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Three Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence issuing out of a I enement on the West Side of the Middle Ward, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Six Pounds Three Shillings issuing out of a Piece of Ground on the East Side of High Street, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence issuing out of a Piece of Ground on the West Side of said Street, with a Guard Castle and Three Acres of Land on the South Side of the Mill Race, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eleven Pence issuing out of a Piece of Ground on the Welt Side of Bridge Street, with the Bowling Green and Five Acres of Land, on the North Side of Dundalk Bridge, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence issuing out of a Tenement on the West Side of High Street, and another Tenement on the East Side of said Street, a yearly Fee Farm Kent of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence issuing out of a Piece of Ground on the East Side of High Street, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Five Pounds an 1 Four Pence issuing ouc of a Farm on the East Side of Cow Market Street, and a Tenement on the East Side of Bridge Street, and Five Acres of Ground on the South Side of the Road leading from Dundalk to Caflletown, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Thirty Pounds Fifteen Shillings issuing out of several Tenements on the East and West Side of Upper End Street, and out of Four Tenements on the North-West Side of the said Streec, and Forty-Four Acres of Land known by the Name of Hill’s Farm, a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Two Pounds Six Shillings and Three FLlfpence issuing out of a Tenement in Cow Market Street, and out of a Tenement in the Land leading to Blind Gate, a yearly Fee F’arm Rent of Three Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence issuing out of Three Tenements in Langftaj} Lane, and a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Seven Pounds issuing out of a House in Dundalk, called the White Hart, with a Garden to the fame, and out of Three Tenements on the East Side of Water Gate, and Lands near Dundalk, all which the said last mentioned Messuages, 8* Tenements,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 7$. 1313

Tenements, Lands, and Premises, being situate in and near the Town of J'undalk aforesaid, in the County of Louth aforesaid, together with the Rights, Privileges, and Appurtenances to the said Manor, Messuages,

Towns, Lands, Tenements, Fee Farm Rents, Hereditaments, and Premises belonging or in anywise appertaining, subject nevertheless to a Mortgage of Forty Thousand Pounds, created by James late Earl of Clanbrajfil and now due to Michael Angelo Taylor of the City of London,

El’quire: And whereas the said Robert now Earl of Roden is also fciied in Fee Tail of the Manor, Town, and Lands of Tolleymore in the County of Down, winch Manor is subject to a Mortgage Debt of Twenty Thousand Pounds, created by laid James late Earl of Clanbrajfd, and now due ro laid Michael Ang lo Taylor: And whereas said Towns and Lands situate in the County of Louth, are under and by virtue of a Deed bearing Date the Fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred, charged by the said Robert now Earl of Roden, and his said Mother the said Anne late Countess Dowager of Roden, (who had a Life Estate therein) with and are subject to the several Annuities or yearly Rent Charges hereinafter mentioned, that is to say. One Annuity yearly Rent or Sum of Two Hundred and Forty Pounds Sterling, to the said Percy Jocelyn, his Heirs,

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Lives of the said Percy Jocelyn, and the Honourable James Jocelyn, and the Honourable George Jocelyn, Second and Fourth Sons of the said Robert now Earl of Roden, and of the Survivors and Survivor of them, or for the Term of Thirty-one Years from the First Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; One other Annuity of Two Hundred and Forty Pounds Sterling to the said John Jocelyn, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Lives of the said John Jocelyn and Margaret his Wife, and the Right Honourable Lady Frances Jocelyn, eldest Daughter of the said Robert now Earl of Roden, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, or for Thirty-one Years from the Time aforesaid;

One other Annuity, yearly Rent, or Sum of Two Hundred and Forty Pounds Sterling to the said Percy Jocelyn and John Metge, in Trust for the Widow and Children of the said George Jocelyn, for and during the Lives of Thomajtne Cole Jocelyn, Widow of the said George Jocelyn, and of Harriet and Georgina Jocelyn, First and Second Daughters of the said George Jocelyn, and of the Survivors and Survivor of them, or Thirty-one Years from the Time aforesaid; One other Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of One Hundred and Twenty Pounds Sterling to the said Lady Caroline Jocelyn, her Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Lives of the said Lady Caroline Jocelyn, Lady Charlotte Jocelyn, and the Honourable James Bligh Jocelyn, Second Son of the said Robert now Earl of Roden, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, or Thirty-one Years from the Time aforesaid; One Annuity or yearly Rent of One Hundred and Twenty Pounds to the said Lady Charlotte Jocelyn, her Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Lives of her the said Lady Charlotte Jocelyn, and Lady Caroline Jocelyn, and of the Honourable Robert now Earl of Roden, and the Survivors and Survivor of them or Thirty-one Years from the Time aforesaid; One Annuity or yearly Rent of One Hundred and Fifty Pounds Sterling to Lady LouiJa Jocelyn, her Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the Lives of her the said Lady LouiJa Jocelyn, Lady Emily Straton, and of Ann Jocelyn, Fifth Daughter of the said George Jocelyn deceased, and of the Survivors and Survivor [Loc. & Per.] j $ G of

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

£;f them, or '1 hirty-one Years from the Time aforesaid; and One other Annuity or yearly Rent of One Hundred and Fifty Pounds Sterling to the said Lady Emily Stralon, hrr Heirs, Executors, Admini(lr3tors, and Assigns, for and during the Lives of John Straton, said Lady Emily Straton his Wife, and Lady Lcui/a Jocelyn, and of the Survivors and Survivor or them, or Thirty-one Years from the Time aLresaid: And whereas the said Robert fare Earl of Roden died without altering or revoking laid Will: And whereas the said Ann late Countess Dowager of Roden is dead, and the said Frances Theodofta late Countess of Roden is also dead: And whereas the said Lands so purchased by the said Trulfees under the Deed of the Eleventh of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two are subject to a Charge of Eight Thousand Pounds for the younger Children of the said Robert late Earl of Roden: And whereas the said Lands deviled by the Will of the said Robert late Earl of Roden are now fuhjrct to the Sum of Twelve 'I huufand Four Hundied and Seventy-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Five-pence, being the Debts of the late Earl of Roden, exclusive of the Sum charged by the Will of the said Etc Earl ot Roden for his younger Children: And whereas the said Robert now Earl of Roden wishes by a Sale of the several Towns, Lands, Fee Farm Rents, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises aforesaid in the Counties of Tipperary and Galway, or a competent Port thereof, to pay ( If ard discharge said several Mortgages and other Debts, and is willing 10 settle so much of the said Manor, Towns, Lands, Fee Farm R nts. Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises in the County of Louth, as will be a full Equivalent thereto, to the same Uses, and upon the fame Trulls as said Towns, Lands, Fee Farm Rent and Premises are now respectively subject to, either under the said Will of (he said Robert Lite Earl of Roden, or under the said Indenture of the Fourteenth February One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight: And whereas laid let tied and devTed Lands are dispersed in different Parts of the Counties of Tipperary and Galway, and are inoftly let under perpetual Leaies and therefore not like to rife in their Value, and inafmuth as the said Lands of which the said Robert Earl of Roden is ftifed in Fee, being subject to the several Annuities herein-before mentioned, would not fell for the full Value: And whereas the said I.ands purchased by the said Trustees under the Settlement of the Eleventh Day of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, and of which the said Robert now Earl of Roden is leifed in Fee Tail, subject to said Charges herein-bctorc mentioned, are now let at the yearly Rent of Five Hundred and Nineteen Pounds Six Shillings and Nineptnce, or thereabouts, as appears by the Schedule No. l. hereunto annexed: And \Vhereas the said Lands included in said Settlement of the Fourteenth of February One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight are now let for One Ttiouland Six Hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny a Year, or thereabouts, as appears by the Schedule, No. i. hereunto annexed; and the Lands deviled as aforesaid by the said Robert late Earl of Roden are now let for Nine Hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny a-Year or thereabouts, as appears by the Schedule, No. 3. hereunto annexed, making in the Whole Three Thousand One Hundred and Three Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Three Halfpence a-Year, or thereabouts: And whereas the said Lands herein-before mentioned in the County of Loulb, of which the said Robert now Earl of Roden is entitled to the Equity of Redemption, subject 10 laid

Mor.gage

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. 1315

Mortgage of Forty Thousand Pounds to the said Michael Angelo Taylor^ and to a Jointure of One Thousand Pounds a-Year to Grace Countess of ClanbraJJil, and to the said Annuities, amounting together to Two Thousand I hree Hundred and Ten Pounds a Year, and subject to the Judgment Debts of the la;d Robert Earl of Roden, which, with certain Bond Debts, are tet forth in the Schedule, No. 9. hereunto annexed, are of the annual Value of Nine Thousand Five hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Four Shillings and Elevenpence Farthing, as appears by the Schedules Nos. 4, 5, and 6 h> rt-unto annexed; and the said Robert Earl of Roden is willing and desirous that the said settled and devifd Lands in the Counties of ‘Tipperary and Galway, and said purchased Lands, shall be fold, and in Lieu and Place thereof to settle so much of the said Lands in the County of Louth as will be fully equivalent in Value thereto, to the same Uses and upon the fame Trulls as said Lands in said Settlement of the Fourteenth of February One thousand seven hundred and etghty-eight, are now subject to; and that said Lands devised by the Will of the said Robert late Earl of Roden shall be sold for the Paymenc of laid Debts, and is willing and desirous to settle so much of said Lands in the County of Louth as will be fully equivalent in Value thereto, to the same Uses and subject to the fame Trulls and Charges that laid Lands in and by Lid Will devised are subject to: And whereas it will be greatly for the Advantage of the said Robert Earl of Roden and his issue, and those in Remainder, either under said Settlement of the Fourteenth of February One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight or said Will of said Robert late Earl of Roden, that said Premises in the Counties of Tipperary and Galway, so intended to be sold should be fold, and to accept said New Settlement in Lieu thereof: And whereas the said Robert Earl of Roden doth on Behalf of himself and his said Infant Children, and with the Privity, Consent, and Concurrence of all Persons who are in Remainder to the said Estates to be sold as herein-before mentioned, and who are of Ability to consent thereto, and on their Behalf humbly beseech Your most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Veiling cer* Towns and Lands of Ballycabi/I, Bollyphilip, Li/alemy, and Donaghmonagh; rain L<inds ift the Town and Lands of Garran, Grallagb, Coolemore, and Larranreagh^ the Town and Lands of Tomlough, Totnquin, Ballingere, Baliynabir.fe, otherwise Ballyn-Aenjy, and S.JJinegrough; the Town and Lands of Slevyre, Der- in T,"fce? rtnvohttl, Cappanafmear, Carhunamought, Cajfanagh, Roran, Ltsjhetn, Two to be told. Garryards, Ltjballyard, and Ratbmakema; the Town and Lands of Knock-akelly, Cronovan, and RoJJnamulteeny; and the said yearly Fee Farm Rent ot 1'hirty Pounds issuing out of the said Lands of Cuiragheen and Part of Bal/invere, in the County of Tipperary aforesaid; the said Town and L,.nds of Triftane in the County of Galway; the said Town and Lands of C/ondoty, Ballymoneen, Ballyduage, and G albertft own, otherw.fe Bally-gaiburt, in the Barony of Eliogarty, in the County of Tipperary, the '1 own and Lands pi Cwragb, Lockamoore, Corbally, Kilpa'teen, Mount Lane, lullo, Derryleagh, Clonbealy, Kilnecappagh, Loughlinleigh, and Coolenecal/y, in the Barony of Owney and Arra, and County of Tipperary aforesaid; alfu the Town and Lands of Annagh, Bally/hane, Baltyvulvafy,

Dory, Baliyderrin, Clonfinane, Glonrafktn, Derrtnlorgory, Coolaby, Gorto-aortjbane, Grallagb, Gut teen, Graigelane, Cor quit, Cranagb, Newtown,

Quillagb,

*3*6

Application of Money arising by bale.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Quillfigh, Clobafkin, Coolederry, and Toherlogh, Cloncory, /.ragkmore, Ro-deen, Terreglass, and Ballyquinlcvan, in the Bjrony of Lower Ormond, and County of Tipperary aforesaid; and the Town and Lands of Bawn, in the Barony of Upper Ormond, and County of Tipberary aforesaid; with ail and singular their Rights, Members, Privileges, Advantage', Appen-dances, and Appurtenances whatsoever thereunto brlongino, or in any. wife appertaining, and the Reversion and Rrverfions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly and other Rents, llTues, and Profits, shall from henceforth be veiled and settled, and are hereby vested and settled in and upon the Honourable Hugh Howard and John Aletge of the City of Dublin, Esquire, and their Heirs, to the Use of them and their Heirs and Afr signs forever, freed and discharged of and ftom all the Uses, Trulls* Estates, Limitations, Charges, and Incumbrances limited, declared, and mentioned in the said Indenture of Seven Parts of the Eleventh of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, or the Lid Will of the said Robert Earl of Roden, or in the said Indenture of Six Parts of the Fourteenth of February One thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, to, for, or on Behalf of any Person or Persons whatsoever; and that the said Hugh Howard and John Metge, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor shall from henceforth be adjudged and taken to be feiled of the said Premises in the said Counties of Tipperary anil Galway, and of every Part and Parcel thereof in Fee Simple; and that they, and all and every Person and Persons lawfully claiming or to claim, all or any of the said Towns, Lands, Fee Farm Rent, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises so veiled as aforesaid, by, from, or under them by virtue of this Act, shall and may have, hold, and enjoy the fame, freed and discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Trulls, Limitations, Charges, and Incumbrances mentioned or contained in the said Indenture of Seven Parts of the Eleventh Day of December One thousand seven hundred and fitty-two, and the Will of the said Robert late Earl of Roden, or the said Indenture of Six Parts of the Fourteenth Day of bebruary One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight in and upon Trull , nevertheless, that the said Hugh Howard and John Metge, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor do and shall as soon as conveniently they can, fell all the said Towns, Lands, Tenements, Flcrcditaments, Fee Farm Rent, and Premises in the said Counties of Tipperary and Galway, hereby vested in them the said Hugh Howard and John Metge and their Heirs as aforesaid, or any Part or Parcel thereof, either together or in Parcels, making fu$h Sale or Sales under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, which Directions may be given upon Application from Time to Tigie in a luminary Way, by Petition, by the said Robert Earl of Roden, or in Case of his Death by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons wht? would have been entitled to the Reversion, F'reehold, or Inheritance of the fame Premises if this Act had not been made , and all such Directions may be given either by any general Order or Orders, or by such particular Order or Orders as the said High Court of Chancery shall think he to make from Time to Time.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Hugh Howard and John Metge, or the Survivor of them or his Heirs, do and shall pay, dispose of, and apply the Money raised by such Sale, in the First Place, to pay the Expences of passing this Act, and in the next Place, to the Payment Of, the several Debts and the Interest due thereon^anyounting to Twelve

Thousand

*3*7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Thousand Four Hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and One Penny, which are specified, in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked No. 7. beins the Mortgage and Judgment Debts of the said Robert late Earl of Roden, and from and after the Payment thereof, shall pay and apply all, or so much of the Residue of the said Money as shall arile by such Sale or Sales so to be made as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient for that Purpose, in Discharge of the Two several Sums of Forty Thousand Pounds and Twenty Thousand Pounds due to the said Michael Angelo Taylor as aforesaid, and all Interest due thereon, and shall apply the Residue or Remainder thereof, or a sufficient Part thereof, in Payment and Discharge of the several Debts due by the said Robert now Earl of Roden,

(in a Schedule hereunto also annexed,) and all the Interest for the fame Sums respectively as shall be due for or upon the fame; and after payment and Discharge of the said several Debts and the Interest thereupon due,

shall pay the Residue of the Money arising by tuch Sale or Sales, if any Overplus shall be, to the said Robert Earl of Roden, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

III. And be it enacted, That all the said Minor, Towns, Lands, Verting cer-Tenements, Hereditaments, Fee Farm Rents, and Premises in the County tain Lands in of Louth herein-before particularly mentioned, be and are hereby vested in the said Honourable Hugh Howard and the said John Metge and their Trustees to Heirs, to the several Uses, upon the several Trusts, and for the several In- the lam Uses tents and Purposes hereinafter mentioned, that is to say, as to the several a',tlc Land* Towns, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises being Part thereof, now Ye!/>//"-called or known by the Names of the Town and Lands of Mullagharlin. ra.y and Crumlin, Cloghankeel, a Field adjoining Cloghankeel in the FolfelTion of the Galway. Honourable John Jocelyn, CaJJ'angarave, and a Back Yard, Tenement,

House, and Land in CaJJangarave, a field on the Ardee Road in the Possession of the Honourable John Jocelyn, Mount Hamilton, the Demesne of Dundalk, and a Deer Paddock in the FolfelTion of the said Earl of Roden, the Town and Lands of Li/nawilly, and Martin’s Land, and the Bog Barm and Fart of the South M.trjh in the Possession of Mathew Beresford Taylor or his Assignees, containing in the Whole One Thousand and Sixty-Nine Acres and Eighteen Perches as particularly described in the Rent Roll hereunto annexed, marked No. 4. together with all the Rights, Privileges and Appurtenances thereto belonging, luuate in the said County of Louth, and which are now let at the clear yearly Rent of Two Thousand Five Hundred and Seventeen Pounds, Seven Shillings and Eight-pence Three Farthings, to the Use and upon the several Trusts, or as near to the same as the Case of Death or Deaths, which have or hath heretofore happened, will admit, as the said Premises in the said Counties of Tipperary and Galway comprized in the said Indenture of Six Parts of the Fourteenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, hereby enacted to be sold, now are or do Hand limited or charged with, in, or by that Indenture; and as to all and singular the Town and Lands known by the Names of Lurgankeel, Great Balriggan, Part of Balriggan, Bran-donsfort and Carranmore, Ballinahaltina, Fart of Red Cow and Dowdall’s Hill, Part of Dowdall’s Hill, Part of the North Marsh in Possession of Edward Tipping, and Part of the South Marsh in Possession of Patrick Kelly, all particularly described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked No. 5., being other Part of said herein-before-mentioned Manor and Lands of Dundalk in the County of Louth, now let at the yearly [Lot. & Pet.J 15 H Sum

I3J8

Purchasers not answerable for Application of Monies.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. -3.

Sum of One Thousand Three Hundred and Twenty-Nine Pounds, Two Shillings and Threepence Three Farthings, to the Use and upon the several Trusts, or as near to the same as the Ca!e ot Death or Deaths which have or hath happened, will admit of, and to and for the fame Estates and Limitations, and subject to such Provisoes, Charges, and Payments as shall remain unpaid, as the Case of Death will admit, as the faij Towns, Lands, and Premises devised by the Will of the said Robert late Earl of Roden, hereby enacted to be sold, now are or do (land limited to or charged with, in, or by the Lid Will, and subject also to so much of the Laid Sum of Eight Thousand Pounds charged by the said Indenture of Seven Parts, of the Eleventh of December One thous.ind seven hundred and fifty-two, on the purchased Lands herein-before mentioned for the younger Children of the said Robert late Earl of Rodm as remains unpaid; and as to all the Rdf, Residue, and Remainder of laid several Towns, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Fee Farm Rent and Premises in the Laid County of Louth herein-before particularly mentioned, and which are now of the clear yearly Value of Five Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty- Nine Pounds, Fourteen Shillings and Tenpence Three Farthings, to the Use of them the said Hugh Howard and John Metge, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever upon the several Trulfs hereinafter mentioned, that is to lay, in the bird Place to pay the said Grace Countess Dowager of Clanbrafiil, her said Jointure or Annuity of One Thousand Pounds per Annum during her Natural Life, by half-yearly Payments on every First Day of May and First Day of November in every Year; and in the next Place to pay Martha Bland her Annuity of Fifty Pounds a Year during her Life, by half-yearly Payments on every First of May and First of November in every Year; and in the next Place to pay the said several Annuities charged on the Whole of the said Manor, Towns, and Lands of Dundalk by the said Deed of the Fourth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine to the several Persons, and at the several Days and Times thereby appointed for Payment thereof; and after all the aforesaid several Payments, in case the Sum and Sums of Money arising by the aforesaid Sale of the said Estates in the Counties of ‘Tipperary and Galway shall not be sufficient to pay off and discharge the several Sums of Money due by Mortgages and Judgments in the Schedules hereunto annexed, mentioned, and let forth, and hereby directed to be paid as aforesaid, then to apply the Residue and Remainder of the Rents thereof in Satisfaction of such of the said Debts as shall remain unpaid according to Priority, or by Sale or Mortgage of the said Rest and Residue of the said several Towns, Lands, and Tenements, or of a sufficient Part thereof, such Sale or Mortgage being made under the Direction of the said High Court of Chancery, upon the Application and in the Manner herein-before mentioned, to raise a sufficient Sum for that Purpose, and subject thereto in Trust for the said Robert Earl of Roden, his Heirs and Assigns for ever.

IV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the Purchaser or Purchasers of all or any Part of the Manors, Towns, Lands, and Premises by this Act limited to be sold, paying his or their Purchase-Money to them the said Trustees or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from the same, and not be obliged to fee or look to the Disposal or Application thereof.

7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. 1319

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Sale or Sales Purchasers to shall be made as aforesaid, such Person and Persons who shall purchase *'°1^ Estatea all or any Part of the said Manors, Lands, or Premises by virtue of Claimants this Act to be sold, his and their Heirs and Assigns shall hold and enjoy the fame, according to their respective Purchase and Purchases, against the said Robert Earl of Roden, and the I due of the Body of the said Robert Earl of Roden, arid against the younger Children of the said Robert late Earl of Roden, and the IiTue of their respective Bod es, and all Persons claiming and to claim by, from, or under, or in Trust for them or any of them, or under or by virtue of any of the Estates, Uses, Trusts, Limitations, or Provisoes, in the said Settlements of the Eleventh Day of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, and the Fourteenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, or the Will of the said Robert Earl of Roden: Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, from Time to Time, to take to themselves all their reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences whatsoever, which they or any of them shall sustain or be put unto in the Execution of the Trusts hereby in them reposed as aforesaid, and that none of them shall be chargeable for any more than what shall come to their Hands severally and respectively, and that no One of them shall be chargeable for the Receipt of the other of them.

VI. Saving and reserving nevertheless unto the King’s Most Excellent Saving of Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Rights. Persons, and Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, and to the Heirs and Successors of every of them, other than and except the said Robert Earl of Roden and the Issue of his Body, and all and every Person and Persons and their Heirs or Issue claiming or deriving under or by virtue of the said Indentures of the Eleventh Day of ^December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two and of the Fourteenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, or under or by virtue of any of the Estates, Limitations, Dies, Trusts, Charges, or other Provisions therein or thereby made or contained, and ofher than and except all and every Person and Persons and their Heirs or Issue claiming or deriving under or by virtue of the said Will of the said Robert late Earl of Roden, or under or by virtue of any of the Estates, Limitations, Uses, Trusts, Charges, or other Provisions therein or thereby made or contained, all such Right, Title, Interest, and Demand, of, in, to, or out of the said Towns, Lands, Messuages, and Premises hereby enabled to be sold, or any of them, or of, in, to, or out of any Part or Parcel thereof, as they, every, or any of them had, or should or mighc have enjoyed if this present Act had never been made 3 this prdent Act or any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Publick Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices,

[Public Act.]

who shall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

SCHEDULE, to which the annexed Act refers, being a Rent Roll of the Lands settled by the Deed of the 14th of February 1788,

and marked No. 1.

Settled Lands.

No. of Acres

Rent.

Terms of Leases.

Dates of Leases.

Renewal

Fines.

Lessees.

Observations.

Barony oj Upper Ormond, County of Tipperary.

1

i

10. Ballycahill, Ballyph lip, LifTalemy, and Do naghfionagh

Barony of Owney and Arra.

11. Ballinahinch, otherwise Ballinahcnfy, and Seffinegrough

12. Tomlough, Tomquin and Ballingare

Barony of Middlethird.

13. Coolmore and Farran-reagh

14. Garrane

Carried forward,

A. R. P.

560 1 15

34* 3 0

400 o o

300 0 o

397 0 0

£ ' d-

150 o o

80 o o 80 o o

King George the Third, John Craven Carden, and John Bayly, Renewal for . ever

f Thomas Phelps, Robert ] Maunfcll, and Sir

C Waller, Renewal for ever

f Francis Rolleston, Stephen Rolleston, and Thomas

(_ Head, Renewal for ever

err-)

R ( ver j

1736, 2lft June

1742, 18th June 1736, jth March

Pepper

Corn.

£ * d.

050

050

Mat. V. Sankey, George Prince of Wales, and Fre-/ derick B'lhop of (. ifna-burgh, Renewal for ever John Bagwell jun , Rn bard , Moore, and A n Moore, ( otherwiseLowe, Renewal I for ever J

Last Renewal, dared 1784, May

20th

733, 1 fl March

Thomas Otway

Sir R. Waller Francis Rolleflon

M. V. Sankey TrusteesofH. Lowe

530 o o

Lives all dead

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

[Lx. V Per.}

SCHEDULE marked No. i. continued.

Settled Lands.

No. of Acres.

Brought forward -

15. Grallagh -

Barony of Kilnemaugh, Count of Tipperary.

16. Cronovane

17. Knockakelly

18. RolTnamoulteeny -

Fee Farm Rent issuing out j of Curragheen j

County of Galway.

Triftane in the Barony of) Clonmackown

Bog Barony of Lower Ormond, County of Tipperary

I. Ballyfpellane and Der- vohil j

Carried over

Rent.

A. R. P. £ ' d.

530 0 0

337 3 0 50 0 0

283 0 0 95 0 0

227 0 0 76 0 0

rjl 2 0 65 0 0

OOOO 30 0 0

432 0 0 86 0 0

1900 000

265 3 0 152 210

123 2 10

Terms of Leases.

John Nicholson, John Brad (haw, and George Brad (haw, Renewal for ever

1

f William, Joseph, and Richie aid Burke, Renewal f Andrew Burke, Miller \ Burke, and Rd. Burke f John Burke, John Meag-l her, and Philip Tagarty

J Fee Farm Lease

("Thomas Wade, Maria and £ Margaret Wade

f John Poe, James Hill Poe, 1 and Samuel Waller Poe 3

Dates of Leases.

Renewal, dated 752, 12th June

Renewal, dated 1788, 1 It Dec.

1783, 10th 0£t. 1791, 1st May 1702, i2thMarcl

Last Renewal, 1789, 20th Apri

1789, 10th April

Renewal

Fines.

*5

5 5

Lessees.

John Nicholson

William Burke Vl. Burke Wm. Burke Thomas Sheppard

Samuel Wade Blanch Poe

Observations.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 7$. i$2i

hi

ha

SCHEDULE marked No. i. continued.

T

Settled Lands.

Brought forward -

2. Ballyquinlevan

3. Cappanafmear Garryard Lilballyard and Rathmakiena

Lyflieen

Rorane, Cahunamought, and Caflanagh

Slevyre Red Bog

No. of Acres A. R. P.

45 1

227 0 o

157 1 i5

>43 3 35 107 o o

498 o 13

246 o o ? 15 o o i

Rent, j

£ > 1123 2 d. JO

14 14 1

36 0 0

98 6

163 16 1

17 16

54 18 1

40 0 '1

1648 14 1C

Terms of Leases.

( Sir John Blunden, Bart, and Dame Frances his Wife,

| and George Robbins, Re-( newal for ever [ Thomas Going, Henry Prit- ' L tie, and Frances Prittie J ' The Rev. James Hill Poe,

I Robert LordVifc.Jocelyn, (

| and the Honorable James (

Jocelyn, or 31 Years " George Magrath, Bryan Ke-'

J nedy, and William Egan, and 21 Years after John Cornwall, George'

| Cornwall, and Charlotte j Cornwall ‘John Bloomfield, AdamT Bloomfield, and Lukt > Ulher, Renewal for ever j

Dates of Leases, Renewal Fines.

* / n 1 734, 25th Mar. 1 ^2

1748, 22d Feb. 1789, 14th April 1801, 14th July 0 Cn O

1724, 18th Sept.

1 801, 29th Jan.

1748, 22d Feb. 050

Tenants’ Names. Observations.

Hugh Concannon

Philip Going

ReV. J. H. Poe

Howard Egan Expires in six Years.

John Cornwall

John Bloomfield J.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

SCHEDULE of Lands porcliafed by Dr.

Isaac Mann and Robert Hamilton, Trustees appointed for that Purpose under the Settlement of 1752, and marked No. 2.

Settled Lands. No. of Acres. Rent.

Barony of Eliogarty and County p.

of Tipperary. A. R. £ 5% I

i. Ballymoneen 44 0 0 45 4 c

2. Ballyduage 97 0 0 77 12 c

3. Part of Clondoty *7 0 8 2! 6 2

4. Do. Do. 92 0 0 72 12 c

5. Do. Do. 67 0 0 58 12 e

6. Do. Do. 62 ( 0 59 2 9

Do. Do. 21 0 0 14 *7 3

Galbertftown, in the Barony 3 of Eliogarty and Ikerrin J 216 0 0 170 0 0

5*9 6 9

Terms of Leases.

S Barton, Robert, and William 1 Lodge, and two Renewals J f Andrew Ryan, John Ber-! ] nard, and William Man; >-

(_ nin, or 31 Years J

f King George the Third, ! ] Prince of Wales, and

Prince Edward J

\ John Meagher, William and / j Nicholas Meagher C

{Nicholas Meagher, Gilbert! Dwyer, and Martin Ryan j

31 Years from 1st May 1789

Three Lives

f Henry Going, George Head,! \ and Ben. Head J

Dates of Leases.

1778, 28th Feb. 1783, 24th Feb.

1783, 1st May

1789, 3d April

1799, 1st May 1789, 10th April

1776, 13th May

Renewal

Fines.

No Fine

Lefties.

Francis Lodge Andrew Ryan

Gilbert Meagher

Do.

Do.

{Thomas and Mich. Fogarty Miss Fogarty

Hen. White

Observations.

f Subjefl to a new Sur-< vey, being set at tl. t 5s. for Acre.

The Receiver only re. ceives 1461.19s. 8d.ooc of these denominations. CThis ought to be 591. J 1 is. 6d. being set at 17s. (t&.ptr Acre.

o

m

o

pa

o

I

SCHEDULE of Lands devised by the Will of the late Ean of Roden, marked No. 3.

I

-fi

Unsettled Lands.

Barony of Lower Ormond.

1. ' Annagh,

2. Ballyfbane, Ballyvulvjfy and Darry,

3. Ballyderrin and Clonfi nane',

4. Clonrafk n, Derrinlor- i

gary, Coolahy and Gor- J todorifbane J

5. Gralagh -

6. Gurleen, Gragelane, including Cranagh, Core-quil, Corbally and Kii-parteen, which are in the Barony of Owney and Arra

7. Newtown -

Carried forward -

No. of Acres. Rent.

A. R. P. L- ' 4.

O O *r\ O O O O f".

202 2 20 48 2 5?

35 0 12 10 10 5

19 1 26 S 16 j

172 0 29 180 12 0

34O I 12 117 13 0

42 0 0 14 «4 O

4L oc U>

Terms of Leases.

Dates of Leases.

f Life of John Clarke, and J 5 John and Ns. Clarke, his > L fonS, j

f Lives of Danifel Carroll and . J Margaret and Ellen Car- 5

(_ roil, renewal for ever. )

CharleS Walfll, John Allt,"l and John Wallb, renewal S for ever, J

f Nathaniel Pender, Domi- } J nick Burke, and Charles r

(_ Walsh, renewal for ever J

Thomas Doolan, James J \ Doolan, and John Smith (

4th son of John Smith f of Shinrone J

James Dwyer, William Lyf-ter, and John Dwyer, renewal for ever

r John Bloomfield, Richard ~l I Waller,itCharlesWalfli, V

' Renewal for ever \

Renewal

Fines.

1789, IOth April

; u ,p vrbt 1754., 13th May 1.

1754, 13th May 1754, lft May

1788, 25th Mar

1754, 14th Mar. 1754, 2lft May

050 050 ° 5

Tenants’ Names.

John Clarke John Carroll Charles Walsh Nathaniel Pender

1/

1215 c

050

John Doolan

I !; 1

James Dwyer John Bloomfield

Observations.

No life in being

-t*-

o

o

m

o

70

o

r No Life in being, but,) a Receipt for one

) Fine to be pro-

I duced.

"J*

<1

00

[>J fi)

SCHEDULE marked No. 3. continued.

Uofeitled Lands.

Vo. of Acres. Rent

Terms of Leases.

Dates of Leases.

Renewal

Fires.

Tenants’ Names.

Observations.

brought forward

8. Qutlla h, Clohafk n,

Coolederry and Toher-l loch, Cioncory and Ar- f raghmore 3

9. Rodeen -

, 10. Terreglass alias Kil- leen j

Barony of XJpptr Ormond.

Qawn -

Barony of Owncy and Arra.

Curragh and Loghamore

Part of Clonbealy called "1 Mount Lane j

Tullogb, Derryleigh, Cion- beally, Coolenecdlly, Der- / ryleigh, Loughlinleigh, f and pait of Coolenecally, J

A. K. P.

\L-

447 8

36 i 3 39 9 9

47 3 0 146 6

O O O OO O O

101 1 13 in 2 0

121 0 0 0 O 't*

O O O -£> CO O O

591 3 O c 0

I: 935 16 61

f Thomas Smith, ThomasT I Falkiner, and Charles

(_ Waifh, Renewal for ever J

IChristopher Hemsworth, Godfrey Hemsworth, and I John Walsh, Renewal f for ever

f 31 Years from 29th Septem-1 I ber 1777 J

Denis O’Brien, D. O’Brien, and Cornelius O’Brien

f Henry Prettie, Francis Pret-1 I tie and Henry Head J

f Benjamin, Ann, and Char- 1 \ lotte Bloomfield J

f Prince of Wales, Duke of7 I York, anti Duke of Cla-

/ rence \

1754, nth May

1779, id June 1778, 12th Feb.

1768, 18th Feb.

1788, 30th Sept.

1781, 24th May

La ft Renewal Lted 1779, 24th April

050

050

05c

Thomas Smith

Ch. Hemsworth Joana Egan

D. O’Brien

Daniel Falvey John Bloomfield

Robert Waller

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. 1325

SCHEDULE, to which the annexed Act refers, containing Lands settled by the annexed Act in lieu of Lands settled by the

Deed of the 14th of February 17*8, and marked No. 4.

K>

Denominations.

Tenants’ Names.

Terms of Leases.

Commencements.

Acres.

Mullagharlin Part of Crumlin-Ditto Cloghankeel Field adjoining ditto CafTangarave

Back Yard Tenement, 1 House and Land Part of Caflangarave Part of CafTangarave A Field on the Ardee Road

Mount Hamilton Demesne of Dundalk

Five Small Fields, Part of) Lifnawilly 3

Two Fields, Part of Lifna 1 willy 3

Part of Lifnawilly Part of Lifnawilly and Mar- tin’s Land J

John Atkinson J hn Straton Edmond O’Heare Hon. John Jocelyn Ditto Simon Soraghan -

Simon Soraghan

Patrick English Widow Hanlon Hon. John Jocelyn

M Dermott

in Farl of Roden’s J possession j

1 Vlatthea’ M'DonnelK,) William Fofter anu / j the Mail Coach Pro- f ' prietors '

James GrlJig;

James Gil

John Straton

3 Lives or 3, Year ro Lease no Lea'e

4. Live- & 41 Years

j Lives

no Lease x>

3 Lives

no Lease no Lease 3 Lu es

3 Lives, Renewan forever f

no Lease

no Lease 2 Lives or 21 Years

it Nov. 1799

7th Oft. 1800 1st Nov. 1801

ft Nov. 1800

iff Nov. 1801

1st Nov. 1791

Carried over

Rent.

A. R. p £ s. d.

3 *7 2Cp 4 2

75 0 3° 126 1 8

32 2 7 55 12 4

10 2 3' J'9 1 6

6 2 2 20 0 0

21 0 0 &5 IS 10

7 2 10 52 0 0

5 2 0 21 11 0

6 2 0 10 '5 °l

1 0 0 4 0 0

40 3 3° 30 0 0

230 0 30 920 0 0

9 0 3 34 11 3

6 2 3' 10 5 3

7° 3 '5 106 5 0

*4 0 10 23 4 0

a

pj

o

70

o

1008 17 O'i

r The Timber on this J Demesne worth from i Three to Four Thou-Ifand Pounds.

SCHEDULE marked No. 4. continued.

Denominations. Tenants’ Names, Terms of r.cases Commencements. Acres. Rent. Observations.

A. R. p. / d.

Brought over - 1808 17

Part of Lifnawilly and Parti of Minin's Lands j Deer Paddock Parr of Martin's Land - John S'raton Eail of Roden |ohn Fattwood fee Farm j Lives tft Nov. 1 802 ft Nov. 1777 32 39 21 2 3 1 8 18 23 110 100 3« 7 0 *4 7* 0 6 f Eleven Acres under \ young Plantation.

Part of Mount Harr Itou Charles Lyster 3 Lives tit Nov. 1762 23 2 20 29 10 7

Part of the Beg Farm James Gilhgan no Lease - l6 0 0 42 6 3

Part of the Bog Farm or 1 Field on Ardte Road J Widow Howaid no Lease - 3 0 O II 12 5

Ditto, diito Executors P. F. Coleman no Lease - 2 3 3' 9 2 6

Ditto, ditto homas Corilan no Lease 4 1 0 8 6 4

Ditto, ditto C arles Lyster 30 Years tft Nov. 1774 2 3 3 5 10 6

Pan of the South Marsh Mathew B. Taylor 3 Lives tft Nov. 1798 180 2 *7 360 0 0

2517 7 81

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. 1327

, 0

SCHEDULE to which the annexed Act refers, containing Lands settled by the annexed Act in lieu of Lands settled and devised by the Will of the late Earl of Roden, and marked No. 5.

Denominations. Tenants’ Names. Perm of Lease. Commencement. Acres. Rent.

A. R. p £ s. j.

Part of Lurgankeel - f Philip O’Hare and 1 Partners J 999 Years ill May 1781 .68 3 22 206 8 3

Ditto f Dani 1 O'Hare and! f Partners J 999 Years 1st May 1781 120 I 28 *47 3 9

Ditto - f Patrick Lennon and 1 I Partners J 999 Years id May 1781 69 2 3° 85 10 5

Great Balriggan Peter I-vers 999 Years id May 1781 11 I O 139 4 9

Part of ditto Michael Rice 999 Years »ft May 1,81 27 2 14 34 15 0

Part of Balriggan, Bran-l dinvfort and Carranmore J Simon Bayley 999 Years 2lft April 1781 72 I 0 94 7 I

Ballinahattina Daniel O'Hare 999 Years 1st May 1781 64 2 0 81 5 6

Part of Red Cow and Dow--) dall’s Hill . J Humphrey Stevenson 999 Years id May 1781 yb 3 8 ICO 0 0

Part of Dowdall’s Hill t "O 0 1 999 Years nth Nov. 1781 so 3 20 73 s 6>

Part of the North Marsh lid ward Tipping 999 Years id May 1781 2lft May 1781 i 25 176 4 74

Part of the South Marsh Patrick Kelly 999 Yeats 121 0 30 l^O 17 5

- £ 1329 2 34

-4

1328 43° GEORGII III. Cap.

J329

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

SCHEDULE containing the Amount of the yearly Value of Lands in the County of Louth vested in the Trustees by the annexed Act, for the Purpose of paying Grace Countess of ClanbralTil her Jointure of /\ 1000 a Year, and the Annuities amounting to £. 1310, also in said Act mentioned, and then to pay such Residue of the Debts in the Schedules hereunto annexed as flaall remain unpaid; No. 6.

Lands, Premises, and Fee Farm Rents, producing yearly Five Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty-nine Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Tenpence Farthing - - £. 5729 14 I0|

SCHEDULE of the Judgment and other Debts of the late Earl of Roden, which are Liens on the Lands devised by his Will, and which are to be paid out of the Produce of the Sale of the Tipperary and Galway Estates prior to any other of the Debts in the annexed Act mentioned, if not otherwise paid off and settled , No. 7.

Due to Messrs. Latouche on the Foot of a Mortgage and several Judgments the Inteieft on which is regularly paid £. 7587 10

Due to the Reverend Mason Alcock by Judgment obtained

Michaelmas Term 1787 - - - 600 o

Intereli regularly paid.

Due to Michael Burke on Judgment obtained Easter Term

*793 . - 4* 0

This, it is imagined, has been already paid off.

Due to Rebecca Waifon on Judgment obtained Easter Term

1758 .... 250 o

Interest regularly paid.

Due to the Honourable John Jocelyn on Judgment obtained

Trinity Term 1796 - - 2000 0

Interest regularly paid.

Due to the Honourable George Jocelyn on bond passed by the

late Earl of Roden for his Foriune - - 2000 o

I

o

4

o

o

o

Interest regularly paid £. 12,478 10 5

SCHEDULE of Mortgage and Judgment Debts due by the late Earl of ClanbralTil and which are Liens on the Dundalk Estate, and are to be paid out of the Produce of laid Sale after the Debts of the late Earl of Roden are paid oft'; No. 8.

Due by Deed of Mortgage of the Manor and Lands of Dundalk, in the County of Louth, in the annexed Act mentioned, dated 25th December 1771, to Michael Angelo Taylor, Esquire .... 40,000 O O

Judgment as Collateral Security Easter Term 1772.

Due by Judgment entered Trinity Term 1784, to Michaei A.

Taylor, Esquire ... 13,000 0 0

Due by Mortgage of Tolleymore Estate to Michael A. Taylor, Esquire .... 7,000 o o

[Lac. Is* Per.]

IS L

60,000 o o SCHE.

*33°

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

SCHEDULE of the Judgment and other Debts due by Robert now Earl of Roden, to be paid as by the annexed Act is directed, unless

Due to Charles Lumm, Esquire on two Judgments obtained Easter Term 1784 .

Due to the Assignees of Hines on Judgment obtained Term 17 ..

Due to Count James Dalton on two Judgments, one obtained in Easter Term 1790, and the other in Trinity Term 1792 Due to William Lane on Judgment obtained in Trinity Term 1791 -

Due to William Thompson on Foot of Judgment obtained Trinity Term 179b, for 4000I.

Due to John Rogers for Judgment obtained Trinity Term

*797 ..

Due to the Administrators of Anthony Dermott, on account of Judgment obtained Hilary Term 1798

Due to John Atkinson on Judgment obtained Easter Term

1800 .... Due to John Bailie by Judgment obtained Easter Term |8oo Dee to Maria Sloper by JuJgment obtained Trinity Term

1801 .... Due to Arthur Roberts by Judgment obtained Hilary Term

1803 ..

Due to the Honourable Chichester Skelfington by Judgment obtained Hilary Term 18(33 Due to the Honourable Henty Skeffington on Judgment obtained fame Term.

Due to the Honourable William J. Skeffington on Judgment obtained fame Term r -

Due to John Johnston on Judgment obtained fame Term Due to the Honourable Hugh Howard on Judgment obtained fame Term.

Due to William Bower Esquire, on the Foot of several Bonds and Accounts.

Due to Thomas Coleman on Foot of Bond

Due to Miss Bury on Foot of Ditto

Due to R. C. Bowen Esquire, on Foot of Ditto

Due to John Rotton Esquire, on Ditto

Due to Mrs. Fepner on Ditto -

Due to Mr. Patrick Byrne on Ditto

Due to Mr. James Quin on Ditto

Due to Coulter on Ditto

Due to Mrs. Jrckfon on Ditto -

Due to Tobias Purcell Esquire, on Ditto

tied j No. 9-

£; d.

1000 0 0

400 0 0

I 100 0 0

1000 0 0

400 0 0

xcoo 0 0

500 0 0

1000 0 0

1000 0 0

1068 0 0

535 16 1

500 0 0

3000 0 0

4000 0 0

500 0 0

500 0 0

1900 0 0

500 0 0

400 0 0

248 7 0

500 0 0

2CO 0 0

200 0 0

ICO 0 0

500 0 0

100 0 0

4OO 0 0

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and AndrewSteahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4«ji!*iK*mm*m*im*<i>* tfittitfi*«v*t

Cap. 74.

An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the several Acts therein mentioned, for the Relief of the Creditors of certain Banks lately kept in the City of Dublin, called Burtons Banks.

[i ith June 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in that Part of the United Kindom called Ireland, in the seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of the Bank lately kept by Samuel Burton and Daniel Falkiner, and of the Creditors of the Bank lately kept by Benjamin Burton, Samuel Burton, and Daniel Falkiner, and of the Creditors of the Bank lately kept by Benjamin Burton and Samuel Burton, and of the Creditors of the Bank lately kept by Benjamin Burton and Francis Harrison; all and Angular the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Rents, Reversions, Remainders, Uses, and Trulls, which the said Francis Harrison, Benjamin Burton, Samuel Burton, and Daniel Falkiner, or any or either of them, was or were at the respective Times therein mentioned, seized of or entitled unto, in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or for Life or Lives, either in Law or Equity, and all Debts which had not theretofore been bona fide paid or discharged, and were due and owing to them, or any or either of them at the respective Times therein mentioned, or which they or any or either of them was or were entitled unto; and likewise all other the Estate Real and Personal, which they or any or either of them was or were seized, possessed of, inter-elted in, or entitled unto at the respective Times therein mentioned, except [Lor. Isf Per.] 15 N such

7 Geo. 2.— Act passed in Ireland, veiling the Property of the Banks in Trustees for the Benefit of Creditors.

1333

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

such Sam or Sums of Money as had before the Time of passing that Act been really and bondfide applied to the Payment of their or either of their Debts, or such Part of their or either of their Personal Pilate as had been bond fide or for valuable Consideration fold, were vested in the Seizin and Possession of the Right Honourable Henry Boyle, then Speaker of the House of Commons in Ireland, and Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, and afterwards Earl of Shannon, the Right Honourable Thomas Marley, Esquire, Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland., the Honourable MichaelWard, Esquire, one of the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, the Honourable John Wainwright, then one of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, the Honourable Robert Lindsay, then one of the Justices of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas in Ireland, the I Ionourable Henry Singleton, then His Majesty's Prime Serjeant at Law' in Ireland, the Honourable John Bowes, then His Majesty's Solicitor General in Ireland, Eaton Stannard, Esquire, then Recorder of the City of Dublin, William Vesey and Thomas Trotter, Esquires, then Two of the Mailers of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and Boleyn Whitney, then of the City of Dublin, Esquire, ail since deceased, being Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, which said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, were thereby authorized to sell and dispose of the said Real and Personal Estates, or so much thereof as should be necessary for the several Purposes therein after mentioned; and to call in, sue for, or compound the said Debts due to the said Benjamin Burton, Francis Harrison, Samuel Burton, and DanielFalkiner, or to any or either of them, and to apply the Money arising the reby in such Manner as is thereinafter directed (that is to say), in Trull out of the Real and separate Personal Ellate of the said Francis Harrison, to raise so much as would satisfy all the separate Debts of the said Francis Harrison, which were due at his Death; and also such of the Partnership Debts of the said Benjamin Burton and Francis Harrison as were due at the Death of the said Francis Harrison, and remained unpaid, and also a Moiety of so much Money as was paid after the Death of the said Francis Harrison and before the Death of the said Benjamin Burton, by the said Benjamin Burton, Samuel Burton, and Daniel Falkiner, or any or either of them, and the whole Money that had been paid lince the Death of the said Benjamin Burton, by the said Samuel Burton and Daniel Falkiner, or either of them, towards the Satisfaction of the Partnership Debts of the said Benjamin Burton and Francis Harrison, due at the Death of the said Francis Harrison, over and above what they the said Benjamin Burton, Samuel Burton and Daniel Falkiner, or any or either of them had raised and received out of the said Partnership Ethefts of the said Benjamin Burton and Francis Harrison, which said Money, when so raised, should be applied to the Payment of the said separate Debts of the said Francis Harrison, and the Residue thereof should be paid and applied in Manner therei: alter mentioned: And as to the Real and Personal Estates of the said Benjamin Burton, Samuel Burton, and Daniel Falkiner, as well separate as in Partnership, in Trull to apply the fame in such Manner as thereii-dter wasdiiefted: And it was thereby further enacted, That the said Trustees should apply so much of the Money thereby directed to be ruifed out of the Real and separate Personal Ellate of the said Francis Harrison as was before directed to be raised, to make good the Deficiency of the Partnership Ellate of the said Benjamin Burton and Francis Harrison, together with w hat should by the said Trustees be raised out of the Real and Personal Estates of the said Benjamin Burton, i Samuel

43° GEORGII III. Cup. 74. 1339'

Samuel Burton, and Daniel Falkiner, either separate or in Manner following, videlicet. To pay out of the respective separate Estates of the said Benjamin Burton, Samuel Burton, and Daniel Falkiner such and lb much of their respective separate Debts, as the said Trustees should determine to be just and reasonable, and then to apply the Residue raised out of the Real and Personal Estates of the said Benjamin Burton, Samuel Burton, and Daniel Falkiner, either separate or in Partnership, and so much as should be raised out of the Real and Personal Estate of the said Francis Harrison, to make good such Deficiency as aforesaid, towards the Payment of all the outstanding or unsatisfied 1'ebts of the said several Banks, rateably and in equal Proportions: And it was by the said Act further enacted, That if there should be any Overplus of the Money arifingjby the Sale or Produce of the several Real and Personal Estates, vested in the said Trustees as aforesaid, after the Performance of all the Trusts of the said Act, the fame should go, belong, and be applied to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the fame, if the said Act had never been made: And it is

in and by the said Act enacted, That no Person therein named a Trustee, or who should be nominated a Register pursuant to that Act, should be capable of acting as such, or executing any of the Powers therein contained, until such Time as he should have taken the following Oath, viz. ‘ I, A.

B. dofwear, That 1 will faithfully and impartially, according to the best ‘ of my Skill and Knowledge, without any Respect, Favour, or Reward,

‘ or Affection to, for, or from any Person whati'over, save only such Re-‘ w-ard as is provided by this Act, execute the several Trusts reposed in me

by an Act of Parliament, intituled [[here follows the Title of the AftJ; and that I am not, to my Knowledge or Belief, any way interested or ‘ concerned, directly or indirectly, in any of the Claims, Demands, or other ‘ Matters or Things to be settled, adjudged, or determined by the said Act.’

And whereas an Act, parted in that Part of the said United Kingdom

called Ireland, in the Nin'h Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for *_ continuing and amending the aforesaid recited Act, and another Act Amended passed in the said Part of the said United Kingdom, in the Twenty-fifth Acts.

Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for the more effectually carrying into Execution the said first recited Act, by taking away the Benefit of Benefit of the Pleading the Statutes of Limitations from the several Debtors to the said fe- Statutes of veral Banks, and to he said several Bankers, and to enable the said Creditors Limitation to make Compositions for their several Debts: And whereas by another Act th^Debtors of Parliament, made in the said Part of the said United Kingdom, in the to the Banks. Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for the more effec- 31 Geo. 2.— ally carrying into Execution the said first: recited Act, reciting the said several further herein-before recited Act?; and also reciting, that the said Trustees did in Pat t ^ndc<i execute the several Trusts by the said Acts reposed in them, and ascertained the Sum to be raised out of the said Estate of the said Francis Harrison, on Account of what was paid after the Death of the said Francis Harrison by the said Benjamin Burton, and the succeeding Bankers, to the Sum of Forty-three Thousand Four Hundred and Thirty-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence; but had been obstructed in the Execution of many of the said Trusts, for several Years part:, by tedious Suits in Equity, and other Controversies, carried on by several of the Persons interested in the said Trust, by Means whereof the Execution of the said Acts of Parliament had taken up much longer Time than was foreseen by the Legifla-ture at the Time of - parting the feme: And also reciting, that the said

Trustees

1340

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Trustees had levied and raised out of the said Estate of the said Francis Harrison a Fund sufficient to satisfy the said Sum of Forty-three Thousand Four Hundred and Thirty-six Pounds, Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence with Interest, and all Colts and ExpenCes chargeable on the said Estate for paCing and carrying into Execution the said recited Acts, and also to satisfy all other the joint and separate Debts of the said Francis Harrison decreed by them in Pursuance of the Powers and Authorities vested in them by the said Acts; and had, by Two several Payments, paid to the Creditors of the said Banks Fifteen Shillings in the Pound of their principal Debts, and had also paid to the separate Creditors of the said Bankers their several uncontested separate Debts; and the said Trustees never received any Money which was raised out of all or any of the Estates vested in them by the said Act, but the fame was paid into the Bank formerly kept by Hugh Henry, Esquire, and Company, and then by Henry Mitchell, Esquire, and Company: And also reciting, that by One other Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, to confirm and carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement entered into by and between Abraham Creighton, Esquire, on behalf of himself and others, and William TWtf, Esquire, on behalf of himself and others, it was enabled, That such Part of the Real and Personal Estate of the said Francis Harrison as should remain unfold or undisposed of by the said Trustees, mentioned in the several recited Acts, after the full Execution of such Parts of the said several Acts so made for the Relief of the Creditors of the said several Banks, in the said recited Acts mentioned, as related to the said Estates, Real and Personal, of the said Francis Harrison, should be, and the fame was and are thereby vested in the Right Honourable Somerset Hamilton, Lord Viscount Ikerrin, then Earl of Carrick, the Honourable Michael Ward, One of the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, Thomas Morgan of the City of Dublin, Esquire, then deceased, David Giball, of the said City, Merchant, and fames Taylor, of the fame City, Merchant, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor, in Trull, and for the several Purposes therein mentioned: And also reciting, that there then remained unapplied by the said Trustees a large Sum of Money in the Bank kept by the said Henry Mitchell and Company, Part of which Sum was raised out of the Estate of the said Francis Harrison, and Part out of the Estates of the said other Bankers; and there also remained vested in the said Trustees several unsatisfied Securities of the said Bank, which amounted to a very considerable Value: And also reciting, that the several Trulls re-posed in the said Trustees, so far as the fame related to the real and separate Personal Estate and Effects of the said Francis Harrison, were fully executed, save only as to the Application of the Money raised and received by them out of the said Estate, and remaining in the Hands of the said Henry Mitchell and Company unapplied; but several of the Trulls reposed in the said Trustees still remained to be executed, and the then surviving Trustees were reduced to Five in Number, who by their Years, or their respective Stations, were rendered incapable of acting further in any of the said Trulls or Powers vested in them by the said Acts, by Means whereof there was a Stop put to the Execution of the said Trulls and Powers, and the said Securities and Effects remaining vested in them were in manifell Danger of bting loft and rendered of no Effect to the Persons interested, unless the said Trustees were discharged. from the said Trulls, and the said Effects were veiled in other Persons; for Remedy whtreof,

and

i34i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

and for the more effectually carrying the said several recited Acts into Execution, it was thereby enacted, That all and every such Part and Parts of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rents, Reversions, Remainders, Uses, Trusts, and all such Parts of the Estates, Real and separate Personal Estate of the said Francis Harrison, which by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His then Majesty's Reign were vested in the said Trustees, and which then remained unfold or uncollected by the Trustees, named in the said recited Act, should be, and were thereby vested and declared to be vested in, and in the Seizin and Possession of the said Earl Carrie:, Michael Ward, David Giball, and James Taylor, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, in Trust, and to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes in the said Act of the Twenty-first Year of His then Majesty's Reign mentioned, expressed, and appointed concerning the same. And it was (amongst other Things) thereby further enacted, That all the Partnership Effects of the said Francis Harrison, and all Sums of Money which had been by the said Trustees or their Agents collected or received out of the Estate and EffeCls of the said Francis Harrison, and which remained in the Hands of the said Trustees, their Bankers, or the Agents by them appointed; and all and every such Part and Parts of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rents, Reversions, Remainders, Uses, and Trusts, and all such Parts of the Estates, Real and Personal, of the said Benjamin Burton, Samuel Burton, and Daniel Falkiner, separate or in Partnerftup, which by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His then Majesty's Reign were vested in the said Trustees named therein, and which then remained vested in them, should be vested in Joseph Green, William Whittingham, Thomas Eyre, William Horton, John Hatch, William Daly, William Bull, John Abernetty, and George Knox, Esquiies, being Assignees appointed for the Intents and Purposes in the said now reciting Act after mentioned, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame were vested in the said Trustees by the said Act of the Seventh Year of His then Majesty's Reign, to, for, and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to the fame Powers and Provisions as did then, in and by the said recited Acts, stand limited, enacted, or declared of and concerning the same respectively: And it is by the said now reciting Act ^among other Things) enacted, That if any of the said Assignees thereby appointed should die before all the Trusts of the same Act should be finally executed, the surviving Assignees, or the major Part of them, should and might, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they should think proper in the Room or Stead of the Assignee or Assignees so dead, which Person or Persons so appointed should be an Assignee or Assignees within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been therein-before expressly named and appointed an Assignee or Assignees:

And whereas Five of the said Assignees appointed by the said last-recited NewTVuf-Act having died, William Burton Esquire, Sir Joseph Hoare Baronet, since tees appuiut-deceased, Peter Metge Esquire, late One of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, William Doivncs Esquire, now One of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, and Dudley Hujfey Esquire, since deceased, were by a Majority of the surviving Assignees appointed Assignees in the Room of the Assignees so deceased:

And whereas One other of the said original Assignees having died, George [_Loc. is? Per. J 15 0 Ponsonby,

1342

Reasons for this Act.

The Property of the Banks now remaining veih d in trie ol«i Trustets.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Ponsonby Esquire was appointed by Two of the said original Assignees, and by Five of the said Assignees so appointed since the passing of the said last-recited Act, in the Room of the Assignee so deceased: And whereas the Three other original Assignees, and Two of the Assignees so appointed since the passing of the said Act, are since dead, and William Wynne, Henry Stewart, Thomas Burton Vandeleur, and Arthur Moore, Esquires, were by Three of the Assignees so appointed, since the passing of the said Act, elected Assignees, in the Room of Four of the Assignees so dead. And whereas all the present Assignees, viz. the said William Burton, Peter Metge, William Downes, George Ponsonby, William Wynne, Henry Stewart, Thomas Burton Vandeleur, and Arthur Moore, have declined to take the Oath prescribed by the said Act of the Seventh of His late Majesty, and Three of them, viz. the said Peter Metge, William Downes, and Thomas Burton Vandeleur, are desirous of being discharged therefrom. And whereas many of the said Trulls Hill remain to be performed, but no Method is provided by the said Acts for the Execution thereof, upon the Failure or Refusal of Performance by the said Assignees, by Means whereof there is a Stop put to the Execution of the said Trulls and Powers, and the Property, Effects, and Securities of the said late Bankers so vested in Assignees by the said last recited Act, remain Hill unapplied and outstanding to a very large Amount, and are in manifest Danger of being loll, and rendered unproductive to the Persons interested, unless the said Assignees (except the said William Wynne and Henry Stewart, who are contenting to act) shall be discharged from the said Trulls, and the said Property, Effects, and Securities shall be vested in the said William Wynne and Henry Stewart, and other Persons, with further and more complete Powers, and subject to more effectual Regulations for the due Execution of the said Trulls. For Remedy whereof, and for the more effectually carrying into Execution the said recited Acts, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, William Robert, Duke of Leinsler, the Right Honourable John Lord Norbury, the Right Honourable Lodge Lord Frankfort, the Right Honourable David I.atouche and Company, the Right Honourable Owen Wynne, Sir Samuel Brooke Baronet, Francis Synge, John Finlay, Edward. Litton, E. Andrews, William Giles, Timothy Sullivan, Robert Birch, David Pickering, Nicholas Magrath, Jacob Barrington, James Barrington, William Dawson, Joseph Hubar.d, Pemberton Rudd, Benjamin Johnston, John Hunt, Arthur Thcmpfon, William Thompson, John Barker, John Faylc, Isaac Ff-pinaffe, James Mcdlycott, Henry Howifon, James Htwifon, Samuel Taylor, John Godley, John Sweeney, and Jeremiah Vicars, Esquires, the Reverend Doctor Edward Ledwich, Mary Bull, Elizabeth MlMullen, Susanna Barrington, Mary White, Ann Barry, Mary Pountney, Jane Sarah Gibbins, Mary Chrjlian, AnneWrightfon, and Frances Ala urn, being Creditors, or representing or claiming under Creditors of the said several Banks heretofore kept in Dublin, in behalf of themselves and of the other Creditors of the said Banks, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every frch Part and Parts of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rents, Reversions, Remainders, Uses, Trulls, Debts, and Estates, Real ;.nd Peribnal, of the said Benjamin Burton, Samuel Burton, and Daniel Falkiner, fepurate, or in Parrnership, and the Partner-1Eip Effect* and Monies aforesaid of the said Francis Ilarrifr., which by

J 343

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

the said recited Acts of the Seventh and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, were vested in the said Trustees or Assignees therein named, and which are now under and by Virtue of the said Acts, or under Colour thereof, vested in the Assignees so appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, and which now remain unfold, uncolle&ed, or unapplied; and also all and every such Sum or Sums of Money, being Part of the said Trull Funds, as have been received and colluded by the said Trullees and Assignees, or any of them; and all and every Security and Securities, for any and every Part of the said Trull Funds, executed to, or Handing out in the Names of, or inverted in the said Trullees and Assignees, or any of them, and the Hereditaments and Premises comprized in such Securities, and all Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, be, and shall and are hereby declared to be verted in Vested in the Seizin and Possession of Henry Stewart, William Wynne, Richard Harper, Joseph Huband and Frederick Falkiner, all of the City of Dublin, hereby" p- Esquires, being Assignees hereby appointed for the Intents and Purposes pointed. herein-after mentioned, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame were verted in the said Trullees or Assignees, by the said recited Acts: But upon and for the fame Trull, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to the fame Powers and Provisoes, and with the fame Powers and Authority to the said Assignees hereby appointed as do now, in and by the said recited Acts Hand limited, enacted, given or declared of, and concerning the same respectively, subject however to such further and other Regulations, Limitations, and Provisoes as are herein-after declared and enacted of and concerning the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Assignees, appointed The oiJ by Virtue or under Colour of the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of Trullees to the Reign of King George the Second, as are now living, do, and shall p llvc( 311 within Three Calendar Months after the Date of a Notice in Writing Writings, to be served on them respectively for that Purpose, after the passing of &c. to the this Act, deliver over or cause to be delivered over, by their Register or Trullees Registers, Clerk or Clerks, Agent or Agents, or such other Person or Persons as shall or may have the Custody thereof, all Books, Papers, 1 Writings, Adjudications, Deeds, Securities, and Evidences, which are in their or any of their Custody or Power, any way relating to the said Real and Personal Estate of the said Bankers, or to the Execution of the said Trulls unto the said Assignees hereby appointed, or to such other Person or Persons as shall or may hereafter be appointed in the Room or Stead of them, or any of them, or to any Three or more of them, or to such other Person or Persons as they or any Three or more of them by Writing under their Hands shall from Time to Time direct or appoint.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Assignees so appointed by OldTmf-Virtue or under Colour of the said several recited Acts (except the said teesdif-Hcnry Stewart and William Wynne), and the Survivors and Survivor of rnem, and their and every of their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and the respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of the said deceased Assignees and Trullees, and the respective Estates Real and Personal of the said several Trustees and Assignees, be, and shall be and are hereby adjudged and declared to be, with respect to all Acts, Traufac-tiens. Matters, and Things, to be done after the naflint: of this Act, abfo-

*344

Provillo:; for Payment of Expences of the old and new TruiUcs.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

lutely freed and discharged of and from all and every the said Trulls and of and from all Claims and Demands whatsoever, that can or may be made to or upon them, or any of them, for, on Account, or by Reason or in Consequence of any Decree, Adjudication, Order, Opinion, or Direction, pronounced or given by the said Trustees and Assignees, or any of them, in Execution of the said recited Acts, or any of them; and also shall be, and are hereby adjudged and declared to be absolutely freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands whatsoever, which can or may be made to or upon them, or any of them, for or by Reason or in Consequence of the Neglect, Default, or Misbehaviour of any Person or Persons whatsoever employed by them, or any of them, in the Execution of the said recited Acts, or any of them; and also of and from all Claims and Demands whatsoever, which can or may be made to or upon them, or any of them, for or by Reason or in Consequence of the Neglect, Misbehaviour, or lnfolvency of any Agent or Agents, Receiver or Receivers, Banker or Bankers, named, employed, or appointed by them, or any of them, to collect or receive all or any of the Debts due to the said Bankers, or any of them, or the Rents of the Estates of the said Bankers, er any of them, or the Money for which the Estates of the said Bankers, or any of them, was or were fold; and that in any Suit now depending, or which may arise or be instituted, either in Law or Equity, touching er concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any Part of the Real or Personal Estates by the said recited Acts vested, or intended to be vested in the said Trustees or Assignees thereby appointed, or the Disposal or Application thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it shall not be necessary to make the said Trustees or Assignees hereby discharged from the said Trusts, or any of them, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or the Creditors of the said Bankers, or any of them. Parties (except where it shall be expedient to make any such Persons Defendants, in order to compel an Account of any Monies or Effects, subjected to the Trusts aforesaid, which have been by them respectively had or received); but that in all and every such Suit and Suits (except as aforesaid) the Assignees appointed, or those who may hereafter be appointed, under and by Virtue of this Act, shall be and hand in their Places; and that all Suits heretofore commenced, and now depending in any way relative to the Premises, may, by Leave of the respective Courts wherein such Suits depend, be prole-guted and defended in the Names of he fame Assignees respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Assignees so appointed, or who may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any Three or more of them, shall out of the Money which they shall receive out of the Estates, Real and Perform!, hereby vested in them, pay and satisfy all the Colts and Expences preparatory to, and attending the applying for, and the obtaining and passing this Act, and all Disbursements relating thereto, and all such Poundage and Allowance as is provided by the said recited Acts for the said former Trustees or Assignees, for their undertaking the Trulls of the said Acts, and is now due to them, or any of them; and also all the Disbursements, Colts and Expences, which they or any of them have been at, and which remain unfatislied, for or on Account of obtaining or carrying into Execution the said l'everal former Acts, or any of them, and all Bill and Bills of Colts which remain due and unpaid to any Agent or Agents, Attorney or Atrornies, Solicitor or Solicitors, heretofore nominated or appointed by the said Trustees or Assignees, under the said former Acts, or

1345

43 GEORGII m. Cap. 74.

by any Three or more of them, to prosecute or defend any Suits at Law or in Equity, relative to the said Estates, Real or Personal, thereby veiled, or intended to be vested in them; and also all Colls, Expences, and Disbursements, which shall be paid, sustained, or borne by the Assignees hereby appointed, or who may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any Three or more of them, in suing for, recovering, receiving, or defending the said respective Estates and Effects, or otherwise carrying this Act into Execution.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Assignees hereby appointed, Power for or such Assignees as may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any adjusting the Three or more of them, do. and shall settle and adjust all and every Account and Accounts which are depending and unsettled between the said Trustees or Trustees Assignees appointed by the said recited Acts, or any of them, and the several and their Agents and Receivers employed by them, or any of them, in calling in or Agents, recovering the several Rents arising out of the Estates of the said Bankers, so veiled by the said recited Acts in the said Trustees and Assignees, and all and every Account and Accounts depending and unsettled between the said Trustees or Assignees, or any of them, and the Banker or Bankers in whose Hands all or any Part of the Money arising out of or by Sale of all or any Part of the Real or Personal Estates so as aforesaid vested in the said Trustees or Assignees, has at any Time been deposited; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Assignees so hereby appointed, or such Assignees as may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, to sue for and compel such and com-Agent or Agents, Receiver or Receivers, Banker or Bankers, or any of pellingPay-them, to pay to the said Assignees hereby appointed, or to such Assignees ,of Ba’ as may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any Three or more of them, such Balance or Balances as shall appear, upon settling or adjusting the said Accounts, to be due from them, or any of them respectively; and also to deliver up to the said Assignees so appointed, or to such Assignees as may ereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any Three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Three or more of them shall under their Hands appoint, all Deeds, Evidences,

Accounts, Securities, or Pleadings, relative to the Premises in their or any of their Hands, Custody, or Power.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Assignees hereby appointed, Power fin or such Assignees as may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, recovering or any Three or more of them, shall and may call in and receive, or sue or e°7" for, recover, or compound, all or any of the Debts due on the Securities iVcbV^ and hereby vested in them; and also take and receive, or sue for and recover obtaining the Possession of all or any of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Pollution of Premises hereby vested in them or the Rents and Profits thereof; and that Land?.

all Suits, either in Law or in Equity, for that Purpose, may be commenced and prosecuted in the Name or Names of any Person to be nominated in that behalf by the said Assignees, or any Three or more of them, and to be authorized so to act by a Deed to be executed to him or them, by the said Assignees, or any Three or more of them; and that all Proceedings in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons so to be nominated and authorized by Virtue of this Act, shall be as good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Suits and Proceedings had been carried on in the Names of the said Assignees, or any Three or more of them; and in Case of the Death or [Loc. & Per.2 15 P Refusal

1346 43° GEORG 11 IIL Cap. 74.

Refusal to act of any Person or Persons so nominated and authorized, another Person or Persons shall or may, from Time to Time, be nominated and authorized by the said Assignees, or any Three or more of them, and such Suit or Suits shall not abate by the Death or Removal of any such Person or Persons as shall or may be nominated and authorized by the said Assignees, or any Three or more of them, but shall proceed in the Name or Names of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated and authorized in Manner aforesaid, in his and their Place and Places, upon obtaining a Rule or Rules for that Purpose in such Court and Courts wherein such Suit or Suits shall or may be instituted, which Rule and Rules such Court and Courts are hereby authorized to grant upon an Application to be made to them for that Purpose by such new Nominee or Nominees in a summary Way.

Power to :.p-

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Assignees hereby appointed, pointAgents. or who may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any Three or more of them, shall and may nominate and appoint One or more Agent or Agents, Attorney or Attornies, Solicitor or Solicitors, to carry on such Suits as shall be deemed necessary for calling in and recovering all or any of such Debts, Estates or Effects, as aforesaid; and all'o for defending the Assignees appointed, or who may hereafterbe appointed under and by Virtue of this Act, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, against such Suit or Suits as shall or may be commenced against them, or any of them, for or on Account of all or any of the Trusts hereby reposed in them; and that the said Assignees, or any Three or more of them, shall and may pay unto and remunerate, out of the said Trulfc Funds, such Persons so appointed, and such other Person or Persons as they shall find to be fejviceable in carrying this Act and the former Acts into Execution, not only their usual and accustomed Fees and Bills of Costs, but also such further Sum or Sums of Money as the said Assignees, or any Three or more of them, shall think just and reasonable for any extraordinary Trouble or Labour the Persons so employed, or any of them, shall or pray be put to in the Matters af oresaid.

No Sim to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Suit or Suits, either at Law or any Statute^ *n Equity, heretofore instituted by the Trustees and Assignees acting under of Limita- and by Virtue of the said recited Acts. or which shall or may be hereafter tioas. proceeded on or instituted by the said Assignees hereby appointed, or who

hereafter may be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any Three or more of them, or by any Person or Persons acting for that Purpose under their Authority by Virtue of this Act shall be any way atfefted by any Statute or Statutes of Limitations now subsisting and in force in Ireland; and that the said Assignees so appointed, or who hereafter may be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any Three or more of them, or the Person or Persons acting for that Purpose under their Authority by Virtue of this Act, shall be at Liberty, whilst the fame Estates, Securities, or Debts, or any of them, remain vested in them, or any of them, by Virtue of this Act, to proceed in any Suit or Suits heretofore instituted, or to sue for in Manner aforesaid, and recover the said Estates and the Rents thereof, and the Money secured by and due and owing on the said several Securities, and the Debts due on them, or any of them, notwithstanding any Statute or Statutes of Limitations made to the contrary; and that no Statute of Limitation shall be pleaded or infilled, or relied on, or in any way made use of, in

any

347

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

any Court of Law or Equity, to bar or in any fort affect the said Estates, Securities or Debts, or any of them, whilst the fame or any of them have been vetted in the said Trustees or Assignees appointed by or acting under Colour of the said herein-before recited Acts, or whilst the fame, or any of them, shall remain vested in the said Assignees so appointed, or who may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, Butnottoex-

or be construed to extend, to bar, hinder, or prevent any Person what- tend to such Joever from having such Benefit and Advantage of the Statutes of Liinita- ^tutesls'16 tions, or any of them, as such Person had, or might have had at the Time exiited at the of passing the said first recited Act, in as ample and beneficial a Manner as Time of pass-if this Act had never been made. lnS ‘he hrit

Act.

X. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall Nor to Sim-not extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person from plead- P,e Contract ing all or any of the Statutes of Limitations, to any Action or Suit which shall be brought for Recovery of any Simple Contract Debt or Debts whatsoever, hereby vested, or intended to be vested in the said Assignees so appointed, or who hereafter may be appointed by Virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Assignees so appointed, or TrulU.; nn-who may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, shall be account- fwerable finable only for what they shall respectively receive, and not one of them vhcir o'vn for the Receipts of the other or others of them; and that the said Assign- 0]lg'ai' ees, or any of them, shall not be accountable for any Sum or Sums of Money which they or any of them shall recover in Execution of the Powers

and Trusts herein vested in them, further than respects their own respective Acts and Deeds, and Defaults.

XII. Provided always, That he or they shall, from Time to Time, upon Sums rece:%-

receiving, or having in their Hands any Sum or Sums of Money, amount- f b ^mounting in the Whole, to the Sum of One Hundred Pounds lr'tjh Currency, ^VcVkKP lodge the fame in the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the Assignees ap- i, the Bunk pointed, or to be appointed by Virtue of this Act. of Ireland.

XIII. And whereas, by the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign Provision in of King George the Second, all and every the Creditor and Creditors of the forum the said Banks were thereby required to exhibit, on or before the First y^a!‘ to Day of January in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty- Creditors four, his, her, or their Claim and Claims, before the Trustees in the and Pro. same Act named, or any Three or more of them, who were thereby em- ceedings powered and directed to receive, examine, and determine the fame, before tl,erctm-the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-six; and all Claimants, whose Claims should not be determined by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, before

the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-six, were by the said Act declared to be barred: And whereas, by the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, the Time for adjusting and determining the Claims and Demands of the Creditors aforesaid was enlarged to the Twenty-fifth Day of

December

1348

Provisions to the Claims of Creditors under this Act.

limitation of Claims.

Time and Place of Meeting to receive Claims, to be published in the Gazette.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

December in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-six: And whereas several Claims and Demands of the Creditors aforesaid, were entered and exhibited, and Adjudications were made upon the fame, within the Time so limited as aforesaid: And whereas the Creditors, upon whose Claims and Demands such Adjudications have been made, amount in number to Seven Hundred and Forty-three, and many of them obtained Adjudications for finall Demands, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, in order therefore that the Assignees so appointed or who hereafter may be appointed by Virtue of this Act, may be enabled, within a reasonable Time, to make Dividends of the Funds which shall or may come to their Hands, for the Benefit and Relief of the Creditors aforesaid, his, her, or their Representatives or Assignees: Be it further enacted, That no Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or their personal Representative or Representatives, whose respective Demands have been established by the Adju-cations aforesaid, his, her, or their Assignee or Assignees, shall be entitled to any Dividend or Dividends of the Funds or Sums which shall or may come to the Hands of the Assignees aforesaid, unless he, she, or they shall, within Six Years next after the Date of a Notice to be inserted in the London and Dublin Gazettes for that Purpose, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, lodge his, her, or their Claim or Claims, before the said Assignees hereby appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed; and that all and every Creditors, his, her, and their personal Representative and Representatives, Assignee and Assignees, who shall omit or neglect to come in and establish their Rights aforesaid, within the Time for that Purpose herein-before limited shall be utterly barred of and from all Claim or Right to any Dividend or Dividends of the said Estates, Effects, or Funds, which shall or may come to the Elands or Possession of the said Assignees appointed or to be appointed by Virtue of this Act, and shall not be entitled to any Benefit or Relief whatsoever under this Act, or any of the said recited Acts.

XIV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons residing or being out of the Kingdom, to make their Claim or Claims pursuant to this Act, at any Time or Times within Seven and an Half Years from the passing this Act; and that all Claims for Infants, pursuant to this Act, shall and may be made by their Fathers or Guardians, or any other Person on their behalf; and all such Claims of Femes Covert shall be made by their Husbands; and all such Claims of Madmen, Idiots, or Lunatics, by such Person or Persons under whose Care or Custody they shall be at the Time of entering such Claims.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Assignees hereby appointed, or who may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of th's Act, or any Three or more of them, shall, within Three Calendar Months after the puffing of this Act, publish or cause to be published, for Three successive Publications, in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and in One other Dublin Newspaper, a Notice of this Act having puffed, which shall contain the Names of the Persons so appointed Assignees by this Act, and shall appoint a Time or Times, and Place, for the receiving Claims under this Act; and the said Assignees, or any Three of them, shall, previous to any Meeting being held for the Purpose of making Adjudications upon such Claims, or

making

F

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

making Dividends or Payments to any such Claimants, cause Notice thereof to be given in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and in One other Dublit.

Newspaper, of such Meeting, specifying the Time and Place of holding such Meeting.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Claimant or Claimants shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination of the said Assignees so appointed, or who mav hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or of any Three or more of them, of or concerning such Claimants’ respective Rights or Titles to receive the Sums so adjudged as aforesaid, or Dividends thereon, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Claimant and Claimants, by-Petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or the Mailer, Keeper, or Guardian ’of the Rolls, for the time being in Ireland, at any Time within Thirty Days after such Judgment or Determination pronounced, to appeal from such Judgment or Determination; and the Judgments or Orders of such Lord Chancellor, or Lords Commissioners, or such Mailer,

Keeper, or Guardian of the Rolls, on such Petition or Petitions, and also uhe Judgments or Determinations of the said Assignees, or any Three or more of them, if not reversed upon such Petition or Petitions, shall be final and conclusive to all Persons concerned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Assignees so appointed, or who may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, shall and may nominate and appoint One or more Person or Persons to act and officiate under them, during their Pleasure, in the Capacity of Clerk or Book-keeper, for the like Purposes, and subject to the like Regulations and Provisions, as is enacted concerning the same by the said recited Act of the Thirty-first Year of the-Reign of King George the Second; and that the said Clerk or Clerks, Book-keeper or Book-keepers, shall have such reasonable Salary or Salaries, as the said Assignees, or any Three or more of them, shall by Writing under their Hands direct and appoint, to be paid out of the Estates and Effects hereby vested in the said Assignees.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of ThreePer.ee in the Allowance

Pound for each and every Sum of Money which shall be recovered or re- to tl,e T.-ut-ceived by the said Assignees so appointed, or who may hereafter be appoints clr

ed by Virtue of this Act, out of the said Estates and Effects hereby veiled

in the said Assignees hereby appointed as aforesaid, over and above the Charges of obtaining this Act, and over and above all the other Colls,

Expences, and Disbursements, attending the Execution of this Act, and the suing for, recovering, and defending the said Estates and Effects, shall be allowed unto, and retained by the fame Assignees, or such of them as shall act therein, or in the Trull hereby reposed in them, as a Reward and Recompence for their Trouble in executing the Trulls of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Overplus Application of the Money arising by the Sale or Produce of the several Estates and E£- of iurplua sects hereby vested in the said Assignees, after the Performance of all the Monica, said Trulls relative to the said Effects respectively, the same shall go. and

\_Loc. & EVr.J 15 belong,

1 349

Claimants may appeal from the l)e-termi.ialionr of the Ti u£» tees, to the Court of Chancery by Petition.

Trustees enabled to appoint a Clerk or Bookkeeper.

T35°

Oath to be taken by the new Truf-

Provisions as to the Appointment of new Trtif-

43° GEORG 11 IU. Cfyn-74.

belong, and be applied to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons as would have been entitled to the Surplus of the Funds from whence such overplus Money shall have arisen in Cafe this Act, or the said

former Acts, or any of them, had not been made.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Assignees so appointed, or who may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, and every of them, shall not be capable of acting as Assignee or Assignees in executing of any of the Powers, Authorities, or Trulls, given, granted, and created by this Act, until he and they respectively shall take an Oath to the F.tfect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully and impartially, according to ‘ A 3 the bell of my Skill and Knowledge, without any Respect, Favour,

Reward, or Affection to, for, or from any Person whatsoever, save only ‘ such Reward as is provided by the Actherein-after mentioned, execute the ‘ several Trails reposed in me by an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-

third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, ‘An Act for the 7i:ora effectually carrying into Execution the several Acts

therein mentioned for the Relief of the Creditors of certain Banks lately kept

in the City of Dublin, called Burtons Banks.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath shall be administered by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or by the Master. Keeper, or Guardian of the Rolls for the Time being, or by One of the Mailers of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland; and which Oath shall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the Party taking the fame, and shall, before the Party taking the same shall further proceed to put this Act in Execution, be enrolled in the Rolls Office of the Court of Chancery of Ireland.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Assignees so appointed, or who may be hereafter appointed under and by Virtue of this Act, or any of them, shall be at Liberty to apply by Motion to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or the Master, Keeper, or Guardian of the Rolls in Ireland, for Leave to resign his or their said Office under this Act, and to be discharged from the Truths reposed in them; and the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners, or the Master, Keeper, or Guardian of the Rolls for the time being, are hereby authorized and empowered to accept the said Resignation and Resignations, and to discharge the said Assignee and Allig-nees from the said Trulls, by a fumntary Order or Orders for that Purpose, upon such Terms as shall be deemed fit and real'onable; and upon such Resignation or Resignations, or upon the Death of any of the said Assignees so appointed, or of any of the Persons who shall hereafter be appointed Assignees by Virtue of this Act, before the Trulls of this Act shall be fully executed, the surviving Assignees, or the major Part of them, shall, within One Calendar Month after the Acceptance of such Resignation and Resignations, or the Death of such Assignees or Assignee, elect such Person or Persons as they shall think proper as an Assignee or Assignees, in the Room of the said Assignee or Assignees so dead, or who shall have so refigaed; and the said Assignees who shall have , < . . ri L mjide

i35i

43° GEORGII in Cap. 74.

made such Election, shall forthwith notify such Election to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or the Mailer, Keeper, or Guardian of the Rolls in Ireland, who are hereby authorised and empowered to make an Order or Orders for confirming such Election, or to dispose thereof, and direct the said Assignees to proceed to another Election of an Assignee or Assignees; and the Person or Persons so chosen Assignee or Assignees, in Manner aforesaid, and whose Election shall be confirmed in Manner aforesaid, shall be an Assignee or Assignees of the Estates and Effects of the said Banks and Bankers, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and' Purposes as if he or they had been hereby expressly named an Assignee or Assignees, and shall, by Force and Virtue of this Act, and of the said Order or Orders of Confirmation, and without any Deed or other Conveyance, have all the said Estates, Property, and Effects of the said Bank and Bankers, and all Reai and Personal Ellate whatsoever, then subjected to the Trulls hereby declared, velted in him or them alone, or jointly with the surviving or continuing Assignee or Assignees, and in their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon the like Trulls, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities, as are by this Act veiled in or given unto the said Assignees herein-before particularly named and appointed, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in Case the Assignees ap- Court of pointed, or who may hereafter be appointed, under and by Virtue of Chancery en-this Act, shall be unable to procure from the said Assignees so dif- f^e tvTte-charged from their Trulls by Virtue of this Act, or from their Agents, iiVCry of Pa-Registers, Clerks, or other Officer or Officers employed by them, or pers, &c. to from the Agents, Receivers, Clerks, or other Officer or Officers employed t,lt: liui" by or under any of the Trustees or Assignees, appointed under or by Virtue ' of any of the former Acts, the Books, Papers, Title Deeds, Securities, or other Documents in the Custody, Power, or Possession of them, or any of them, which any way concern or relate to the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Real and Personal Estates, so heretofore veiled or intended to be vested in the said Trustees and late Assignees, or which any way concern all or any of the Proceedings and Adjudications of the said Trustees, and the said late Assignees, in the Execution of the said Trulls reposed in them, by all or any of the said recited Acts, or any ways relating thereto, it mail and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, or for the Matter, Keeper, or Guardian of the Rolls, for the Time being in Ireland, upon Complaint in that behalf made unto them by the Assignees appointed, or who may hereafter be appointed by Virtue of this Act, to make such summary Order or Orders as to them shall seem meet, for the Purpose of enforcing the Production and Delivery of such Books, Papers, Title Deeds, Securities, and other Documents, and such Proceedings and Adjudications as are herein-before mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in Cafe any of the said Cre- power given ditors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall think himself, to the Court herlelf, or themselves in any Manner aggrieved by the Conduit of the said Assignees so appointed, or who may hereafter.be appointed by Virtue i"PafUmmary

of Way, to make Orders

3S to the

Conduct of the Trustees, or the Con-ilruftion of the Aft3, and to remove the Trustets and appoint others.

General fav-ins Clause.

[Public Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

of this Act, or any of them, in any Manner vhatsoever, or in Cafe any Doubts shall arise upon the Conllruclion of this Act, or the faivl recited Acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal in Ireland, or the Master, Keeper, or Guardian of the Rolls in Ireland, for the Time being, upon Petition of such Creditor or Creditors, or Person or Persons, to make such Order or Orders therein, as to him or them shall feertt just and reasonable , and likewise upon such Petition or Petitions as aforesaid, to remove any One or motfc of the said Assignees hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed by Virtue of this Act; and to appoint such other Person or Persons to be Assignee or Assignees, in the Room of such Assignee or Assignees so removed, as the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Lords Commissioners, or Master, Keeper, or Guardian of the Rolls shall think fit, or else to order that the other Assignees shall proceed to an Election of a new Assignee or Assignees, in the Room of such Assignee or Assignees so removed in the Manner herein-before mentioned, concerning the Election of an Assignee or Assignees, in the Room of an Assignee or Assignees who may hereafter resign or die; and that such Order or Orders, and such Appointment or Appointments, shall be and are hereby declared to be final, conclusive, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXIV. Saving always, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and to all such. Persons whose Rights are saved under the said recited Acts, or any of them (other than and except such Persons, whose Rights or Interests are barred or affected by this Act), all such Right, Title, and Interest, as they or any of them had, or might have had, in Cafe this Act had not been made.

[Public Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

1

I UOJ I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

v > Y> t: /. v .;

Cap. 75.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the fe-, veral Open Common and Mesne Fields, Moors, - Meadows, PasturesJ Wastes, and other Commonable and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Townfttip or Liberty of Great Hucklow, in the Farish of Hope, in the County of Derby.

[nth June 1803.]

®T ~ WHEREAS there are within the Township or Liberty of Great

\ / . Hucklow, in the Patish of Hope, in the County of Derby, di-

v ▼ vers Open Fields, Commons, Moors, Wastes, Mesne Inclo sures, and other Open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, containing in the Whole, by Estimation, Four hundred Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lan-cq/ler, is Lord of the Manor of High Peak, within which the said Commons, Moors, and WafteLands, are situate: And whereas Richard Ric/xElquire, William Needham, and several other Persons, are Proprietors of or otherwise interested in the said Open Fields, Commons, Moors, Wastes, Mesne Inclosures, and other Open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds; and it would be of Advantage to such Proprietors and Persons interested, if all the Lid Open Fields, Commons, Moors, Wastes, Mesne Inclosures, and other Open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds were divided, and spe-[Ler. y Per.2 15 S cifkk

1358 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 7$.

cifick Parts thereof allotted to such Proprietors and Persons interested in Proportion to their respective Properties, Rights of Common, and other Interests in the fame, in order that such Allotments may be inclosed, and held in Severalty; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot effectually be carried into Execution withouc the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Commissioner. pame> 'j’hat William Whitelock of Broiberton, in the County of York, Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Commissioner for dividing and allotting the said Open Fields, Moors, Wastes, Mesne Inclosures, and other Open and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, pursuant to the Powers and Directions herein-after contained, and to such other Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and nine, as are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, and Regulations contained in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said William Whitelock, or any succeeding Commissioner to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die or neglect to act for the Space of One Calendar Month when Occasion shall require his Attendance on the Business of the said Division and Inclosure, or shall refuse to act, or become incapable of acting by Sickness or any other Cause whatsoever, before all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him shall be carried into Execution, it shall be lawful lor the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, or the Clerk of the Council of the said Duchy, or his Deputy for the Time being, by and with the Consent of the Majority in Value of the Proprietors of the said Commonable Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided and allotted, or their respective Agents or Attornies, present at a Meeting to be holdenfor the Purpose, by Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint One other fit and proper Person, not interested, to be a Commissioner in the Place of the said William Whitelock, or such other Commissioner as aforesaid; provided that Ten Days Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given by One of the said Proprietors in like Manner as is hereinafter directed, with respect to the Meetings of the said Commissioner, and that such Meeting shall be held within the Township of Great Hucklcw, cr within the Distance of Eight Miles therefrom; and if any Commissioner who shall be lb appointed in the Place of the said William Whitelock, shall die, or neglect or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, all such future Vacancies shall, from Time to Time and so often as Occasion shall require, be supplied in like Manner.

Encroach, merits made within 30 Years, to be deemed Part of the Cwm-mons.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which have been taken or made from any Part of the said Moors, Commons, or Wastes, within the Space of Thirty Years last past, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act.

43° GEORGII lit. Cap. 75. 1359

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the c°mjylfl>o"-Commissioner for the Time beingj and he is hereby required to cause ce ms'’ a Notice in Writing under his Hand, specifying the Time and Place of his First Sitting for executing this Act, to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Hope, on some Sunday before Divine Service, Ten Days at lead before such Sitting, and also to cause the like Notice to be given of every subsequent Sitting, (Sittings by Adjournment only excepted); and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to adjourn his Sittings from Time to Time, as he shall see Ocpa-fion, for the Execution of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Notices by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign required to be given in some pub- given in the lick Newspaper, of setting out publick Carriage Roads, and of reading OerbyMtrcurj. and executing of the Award of the said Commissioner, shall be given and published in the Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or if that Newspaper shall not then be published, in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Derby.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Doubt shall arise concerning the Boundaries of the Township or Liberty of Great Hucklow dar'i'" be"* aforesaid, and any of the adjoining Parishes, Manors, Townships, Ham- determined lets, or Districts, the same shall be determined by the said Commissioner milliners* in such Manner and Form as by the said Act of the Forty-firit Year of the

present Reign is provided or mentioned in that Behalf.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if His Majestyor any of the parties other Person or Persons interested in the Determination of the said Com- ftch'St1 missioner respecting the said Boundaries, shall be dissatisfied therewith, and rumination,' shall be desirous of having the Boundaries affected by such Determination

tried at Law, and shall by themselves, or their respective Agents or At- determined by tornies, give Notice, in Writing, of his, her, or their Objection to the Trial at Law. said Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioner, and of such Desire to have the fame Boundaries settled by Trial at Law, to the said Commissioner, within Three Calendar Months after such Determination shall have been made and published by the said Commissioner (of which Notice the said Commissioner is hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently can be done, to give Information to One or more of the Party or Parties who shall infill upon the Boundaries so determined by the said Commissioner, being the true and proper Boundaries, or his, her, or their respective Agents or Attornies, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Agents or Attornies respectively), then it shall be lawful for His Majesty, or the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid,' their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, to proceed to Trial at Law, for the ascertaining of such Boundaries to objected to as aforesaid, at the next Assizes to be holdenfor the County of Derby, after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Time of such Notice being given as aforesaid, in an Action or Actions for that Purpose, to be commenced in One of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Alligns, against any Person or Persons interested therein, who shall infill upon the Boundaries so determined

1360

Coroiruflion-cr to determine disputed Claims, &c.

Corr.missioner may award Colts.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

mined by the said Commissioner being the true and proper Boundaries, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more Issue or Issues whereby all such Boundaries may be properly tried and determined, (such Blue or Blues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be commenced, if the Parties shall differ about the fame), and the Jury or Juries who shall try such Blue or Issues; shall, if necessary, find the true Boundary or Boundaries of the said Township or Liberty of Great Hucklow aforesaid, which Finding or Findings shall, under the Direction of the Judge who tries the said Issue or Issues, be indorsed specially on the Pojlea', in every Cafe where the fame may be need! ry for the 'afeer-taining of such Boundaries; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions shall be final and conclusive to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons. Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate whontsoever, unless the Court wherein,such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall let aside such Verdict or Verdicts and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also upon sufficient Cause fhevvh to put off the Trial of such Blue, a' is ttfu il in other Cases; and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required to conform thereto, any Thing in the said Act or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall be reimbursed all the Colls, Charges, and Expences, he or they shall reasonably pay, expend, or he put unto, in the Defence of such Action, out of the Money to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Differences or Disputes shall arile between His Majesty, His Heirs cr Successors, and any other of the Parties interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or between any of the Parties interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching 'heir respective Shares, Proportions, Rights, Interests, or Claims, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame; provided, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine any Differences or Disputes, touching the Title of any Person or Persons, in or to any of the Lands or Grounds intended to be hereby divided and allotted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this Act, fee Cause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Panics in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made by any Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled, and the same shall and may be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Expences of passing and executing this Act are recoverable.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 75. 1361

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case His Ma-

je fly. His Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons interested or tif/ir^Righti7 claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, hr an ,ffue shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner, at Law" touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Lands, Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or other Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the First Assizes to be holden for the said County of Derby, after the Expiration of Four Calendar Months from the Time when such Determination was made, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioner, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and deter, mined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case t e Parties shall differ about the fame); and alter such Trial or Trials, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to ad in Conformity to the Verdict or Verdicts thereupon given, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials; provided, that it shall be lawful for the Court, in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein before limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for °!f,

the said Commissioner to divert, flop up, widen, alter, or change any of pC7up. ° the publick Roads, (not being a Turnpike Road), or any private Road,

Footway, Fence, Bridge, causeway, Brook, Ditch, Drain, Watercourse,

Gate, or Stile, over, upon, by, through, or between any of the inclosed Lands within the said Township and Liberty, and the Soil of any of the said Roads and Ways, being Common or Waste, so to be flopped up, be deemed and taken as Part of the Lands to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act; provided that no Road or Footway through such inclosed Lands shall be flopped up or diverted without the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, not interested in the Repair of such Roads, and which Order shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions for the said County of Derby, in like Manner as if the fame had been originally made by such Justices.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and Commission-he is hereby required to ascertain and set out so much and such convenient Lands to df-Partor Parts of the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes, as in the Judge- Expenco. ment of the said Commissioner shall be sufficient to raise a competent

Sum of Money for paying the Charges and Expences of passing and exe-[Loc. $3* Per.J 15 T cuting

1362

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

curing this Act, and to fell the Lands so set out, in such Manner, and subject to such Conditions and Regulations as by the said Act of the Eorty-first Year of the present Reign, is provided in that Behalf; and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioner for the Purchase Money shall be a full and complete Discharge, or full and complete Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof for the Consideration Money which shall be therein expressed to be received, and such Purchaser or Purchasers, after such Receipt or Receipts, shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such Purchase Money or any Pan thereof, or be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof, or of any Part thereof; and after Payment of the full Purchase Money for any such Allotment or Allotments, the Purchaser or Purchasers shall thereupon respectively have and take to himself, herself, or themselves, and his, her, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, an absolute and in-defeafeable Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple of and in the Lands which shall be comprised in such his, her, or their Purchase or Purchases; and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and empowered either to award the said Part or Parts of the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes, when sold to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in and by his Award, and such Award shall be a good and sufficient Title in Fee Simple to such Purchaser or Purchasers, or otherwise, if the Purchaser or Purchasers shall requell the fame, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and empowered to convey in Fee Simple, by Lease and Release made and executed by the said Commissioner, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, the said Allotment or Allotments, and the fame shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and the Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall be applied by the said Commissioner in defraying the several Charges and Expences aforesaid: Provided always, that in case the Money arising by the Sale of such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to defray all the Charges and Expences aforesaid, then the Deficiency shall be made up by the several Persons interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes, and shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and within such Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall direct, nominate, and appoint} or in case any Expences shall be incurred on the Execution of any of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Person or Persons, and not out of any Money to be raised for the general Purposes of this Act, then the same shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and by such Person or Persons, and within such Time and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall direct, nominate, or appoint.

Directing

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for fowl'defray Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered to make a Deduction

the Expences in Land from the Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this of the King. to jj;s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of so much of the said Allotment or Allotments as shall be sufficient, in the Judgement of the said Commissioner, to raise by Sale thereof a Sum of Money adequate to the Share or Proportion of His laid Majesty of the Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the passing and executing this Act, and of making the said Roads, and of Ring-fencing and subdividing the said Allotment or Allotments

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 75. 1363

Allotments to His Majesty by virtue of this Act, and such other Expences as shall attend the fame; and that it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Counsel of the said Duchy for the Time being, in Court of Revenue of the said Duchy, to make Orders for the Sale and Disposal of such Part or Parts of the said Allotment or Allotments l'o to bededufted as aforesaid, by publick Auction or private Contraft; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy, or his Deputy for the Time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the Time being, by any Deed or Writing under the Seal of the said Duchy, to grant, convey, and release, in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, unto such several and respective Purchasers, and their Heirs in Fee Simple, the several and respective Parcels of Land or Ground by him, her, or them, respectively purchased, free from all Rents and Payments whatsoever, which said Deed or Writings so sealed as aforesaid, and duly inrolled with the Auditor for the North Parts of the said Duchy for the Time being, shall be effectual and sufficient in Law to vest in every such Purchaser and his Heirs, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Lands therein to be comprized and described, notwithstanding the Act of the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of Her Majestfs Hcufebold, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, or any other Act, or other Impediment or Disability whatsoever; and the Receipt of the said Receiver General or his Deputy for such Purchase Monies, shall be a full and sufficient Release and Discharge to every such Purchaser for the fame, and that such Fur-chafers shall be in no Respect liable or bound to fee to the Application thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotment* and he is hereby required to set out and appoint One or more Piece or Pieces of Ground, (Part of the Lands hereby directed to be inclosed), of for the ure of such Quantity and in such Situation as he shall think fit to be used for the the Roadt-Purpose of publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting Materials for repairing the Highways and Roads to be set out and made over the Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, or any other ancient Roads within the said Township or Liberty of Great Hucklcw, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the same Township.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall in Allotment w the next Place set out and allot unto the King’s most Excellent Majesty, the Kins-His Heirs and Successors, in Right of His said Duchy, as Lord of the said Manor of High Peak, so much and such Part of the Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided and allotted, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioner shall be equal in Value, Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered, to One Eighteenth Part of the Moors, Commons, and Wastes, intended to be hereby divided and allotted, in lieu of and as a Compensation for the Right and Interest of His said Majesty in and to the Soil of the said Moors, Commons, and Wastes.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotment of assign, set out, and allot the Residue of the said Open Fields, Moors, ths Rc"due* Commons, Wastes, Mesne Inclosures, and other Open and uninclosed

Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided and allotted unto and

amongst

*364.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

amongst the several Proprietors and Persons interested in Proportion and according to their several and respective Rights, Shares, and Interests, in lieu of and as a full Recompence for all the Rights and Interests of the said several Proprietors and Persons interested in or upon the said Open Fields, Moors, Commons, Wastes, Mesne Inclosures, and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds respectively.

Exchanges.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That for the more convenient Situation of the several Farms and Lands within the said Township upon the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to allot and award any inclosed or other Lands or Grounds, Messuages, Tenements, Chief or other Rents, Fines, Heriots, or Ma-nerial Interests, or other Hereditaments, within the said Township, in lieu of or in Exchange for any other Lands, Grounds, Messuages, Tenements, Chief or other Rents, Fines, Heriots, or Manerial Interests, or other Hereditaments within the said Township, or any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, so as every such Exchange of any Hereditaments belonging to His said Majesty, be made with the Consent of the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, and of any Hereditaments belonging to the Vicar of Hope aforesaid, or any other Ecclesiastical P/enefice be made with the Consent of the Patron thereof and Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese within which the fame lies, and ef any Hereditaments belonging to any other Person or Persons be made . with the Consent of the respective Owners thereof, who shall be seised in Fee Simple, or as Tenants in Tail, or for Life, in Possession respectively, or of the Husband, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Attornies. or Agents of such of the said Owners as are under Coverture, or any legal Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, and that all such Contents as aforesaid be respectively signified by Writing under the Hands of the consenting Parties, or under the Common Seal of such of them as are Corporations aggregate, and so as all such Exchanges be testified and declared in the Award of the said Commissioner; and all such Exchanges so to be made shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding the Want of Title in any of the Parties or Persons exchanging.

wme^orte0

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in fame utes as this Act contained shall extend to revoke, alter, or annul any Will, Set-Estatesmer tlement, Lease, Agreement, or other Deed, or to prejudice any Person having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Debt, Estate, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be divided and allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, but that all such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, (except such as shall be sold by the said Commissioner in pursuance of this Act), shall immediately after such Division and Allotment, or Exchanges respectively, be, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted or given in Exchange, shall from thenceforth (land seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and under and subject to such and the fame Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Tenures, and Incumbrances, and under such and the fame Restrictions, Covenants, and Agreements, and shall be charged with or discharged of the Land Tax in the same Manner as the several Messuages,

Lands,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 75. 1365

Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Hereditaments, in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotment or Exchanges respectively shall be made as aforesaid, would have been subject to or charged with in case this Act had not been made, except such Right of Common upon the said Moors, Commons, and Wades, as the respective Tenants or Lessees now possess, or as appurtenant to the respective Premises held by them, which shall cease and determine, and revert to the respective Lessors or Landlords from and immediately after the passing of this Act, except nevertheless to such Mortgages, Charges, or Incumbrances, as shall be made in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, and of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lessee and Lessees, Learet at Tenant or Tenants of all or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds Kack Rent' hereby directed to be divided and inclosed at Rack Rent for any Time or

Term therein, shall, upon (taking out of the several Allotments, be at Liberty to hold and enjoy such Lands and Grounds as shall be allotted in lieu or respect of his, her, or their former Holdings, for and during such Time and Term of Years as he, she, or they shall then have in such former Holdings, upon paying such further or additional Rent to the Lessor or Lessors, Landlord or Landlords thereof, and to commence at such Time as the said Commissioner shall think reasonable between Landlord and Tenant, and by his Award or other Writing under his Hand shall direct or appoint, and such further or additional Rents shall be paid and recoverable at such Times, and in such Manner, as the original Rents would have been payable and recoverable.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Proprietors any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allot- Sflotment*'* ments under or by virtue of this Act, to give, grant, bargain, fell, de- beiore the mise, mortgage, limit, devise, convey, assure, and dispose of the fame ^Award°f for all or any Part of his, her, or their Estate and Interest therein, or «?r.

Right thereto, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner; and every such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demise,

Mortgage, Limitation, Assurance, Devise, Conveyance, and Disposition thereof, shall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; and also that it shall and may be lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made or set out in respect thereof, by virtue of this Act, separate and distinct from the Estate in Right of which he or she is entitled to the fame, in such Manner as he or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to award all and every such Allotment or Allotments which shall be so fold and disposed of, or be made and set out in lieu of any Common Right so sold or disposed of to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any such Sale or Disposition.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the where the said Commissioner shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Proclamation thereof, be inrolled in the Duchy Court of Lancaster at Westmin- to be inrolleu yier, and after such Inrolment the said Award, together with a correct Plan and depotl"d'

[Loc. £«? Per.] 15 U or

1366

Allotments to be fenced, &c.

Persons advancing Mo* i\ry to be re- paid.

C'rwr.issioner’s Fees.

Commission-ejr to lay his Acc^untsbe-fore a Bar-rilter Once in evtry Year.

Allowing Appeal to the Quarter S-f-lions.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

or Map, setting forth each Person’s Estate or Estates, Allotment or Allotments, within the said Township, shall be depoficed in the Chert; of the Parish Church of Hope aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act, shall be inclosed and fenced, and such Fences for ever afterwards maintained and repaired by the respective Proprietors thereof, within such Time, and in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions, as the said Commissioner shall by his said Award, or by other Writing under his Hand direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons shall advance any Sum of Money towards defraying the Expences of this Act, or carrying the fame into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid the lame, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, together with all Costs and Charges of procuring the fame, from the First Monies to be raised by the said Commissioner by virtue of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall be paid the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for every Day he shall travel, or be necessarily employed or engaged in or about the Execution of this Act, or the T rulls hereby in him reposed, in full for his Trouble and Expences occasioned thereby; and the Surveyor shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioner shall think proper.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and every Year, duiing the Execution of this Act, (such Year to be computed from the Day of the Commencement of this Act), the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble or Expence in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement and Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be examined by Hugh Parker of Woodihorpe, in the County of York, Esquire, Barrister at Law, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose; and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, by such other Barrister at Law as shall be appointed for that Purpose, in like Mariner as is herein-before provided for the Appointment of anew Commissioner in the Place of the said William Whitelock; and the Balance shall be by the said Auditor Hated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by the said Hugh Parker, or such other Auditor as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things, as are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, or of this Act, any of the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioner are directed to be final and conclusive, he, file, or they

may

1367

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

may appeal to the General Quarter Sefficms of the Peace which shall be held for the County of Derby within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make fuel} Order therein, and award such Coils as to them in their Discretion shall feetn reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, lelfen, or defeat the Right, 3 Title, or Interest of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Right of the Duchy of Lancaster, or any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordships, within the Jurisdiction or Limits whereof the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed,

or any Part or Parts thereof, do lie, of, in, and to the Seigniories or Royalties incident to or belonging to such Manors or Lordships, or reputed Manors or Lordships.

XXVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies 'iv'ns‘ Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors,

Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except such Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made or provided

by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which Allotment or Allotments shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intent and Purposes of the Inclosure hereby authorized, absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished by this Act), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case the fame had not been made.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the h

Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in Evi- king's Pun- dence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices, who ter.

shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

fit

, L 1-- 'i y’Ai -'i) ,u

'* *h.-7*S I 'iU, 5*& ftfct W-r:\ A . , a

rr , ,

J

*t_ *' r jns w«nHM

.. ', "- ?:'-- - 1 .

i.l; rv*

4#

yimn nuffiow

J&

v * f4

-^S

is w . I

;*®t A*"*

t< uli > .' j .' U ' -’:>* »M i . , A

jh^:. *<*l V 1« tr4V w

9JhA I. 1»Writ >4 rttvfc t ill *»’ A * Mi r\

.' V- L '

>1 A <*-*1, 4* 1 " ' f«»'J

*' ' *».*) . .*m »,/ * //-*/' foa,

)#M> t i' It' fti ".*»* «r| 'j.iW H*'1' 1 l#i <* t!> "* »i| :.n 'ft ff

r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

I*

I

Cap. 76.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of Westmorland; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclojing the Open Commons, in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of Westmorland, whereby it was amongst other Things enabled, that the said Wastes and Commons lying and being within the said Manor of Reagill, should, on or before the Twentieth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, or as soon after as conveniently [Loc. & Per.] 15 X could

1370

7 Geo. j. repealed.

Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

could be done, be divided, set out, and allotted, by the Reverend Richard Burn Doctor of Laws, Thomas Gibson, arid George Wheatley, Commissioners appointed by the said Act, and their Successors, or any Two or more of them, in the Manner and subject to the Rules and Directions therein-after mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, that when and as often as any One of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, or to be elected in Manner therein-after mentioned, should die, or refute to act, the surviving Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, should from Time to Time, within One Month next after such Death or Refusal, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, elect a Commissioner, not interested in the said intended Inclosure, in the Stead and Place of every Commissioner dying or refuting to act as aforesaid: And whereas no Division or Allotment was made, nor any other Act done under or by virtue of the said in Part recited Act: And whereas the Commissioners thereby appointed have since departed this Life, without appointing any other Commissioner or Commissioners pursuant to the said Power, whereby it is now become difficult or impossible to carry the Provisions of the said Act into Effect: And whereas there are within the Manor of Reagill, in the County of Westmorland, several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing Six hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Right Honourable William Lord Lowther Baron of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, is Lord of the Manor and Owner of the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and of the Coal Mines, Veins, and Seams of Coal, and all other Mines and Minerals therein: And whereas it would be a very great Advantage to the several Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parts thereof divided and allotted unto and Amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ail certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fails usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas it is requisite that greater Powers flioold be given for that Purpose than those contained In the said recited Act, and therefore and on Account of the Death of the said Commissioners, it is expedient that the same Act should be repealed; but such Repeal, Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said in Part recited Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and every Matter, Clause, and Thing therein contained, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That James Wilson of Kendal in the County of Westmorland aforesaid, Esquire, and Thomas Harrison of Long Marton, in the said County of Westmorland, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, pursuant to the Directions

*37*

4.3" GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

tions and Provisions of this Act, and also pursuant to the Directions and Provisions of the Paid recited Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, except where the same are by this Act varied or altered.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the said James Wilson, or any o^Co'mmir^ other Commissioner that shall be elected and appointed in his Place and (toners in the Stead, as hereinafter directed, shall die, refuse, or become incapable 001,1

to act in the Execution of this Act, the said William Lord Lowther, or u"‘c‘ the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, in Person, or by his or her Agent or Attorney, shall attend at a Meeting to be called pursuant to Notice in Writing, to be affixed on the principal Door of the Pari lb Church of Crosby Ravensworth, upon some Sunday either during or immediately before or after Divine Service, (which Notice the Person who acts as Clerk to the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to give, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of the said James Wilson, or any other Commissioner that shall be elected and appointed in his Place and Stead, shall be made known, and Ten Days at the lead previous to such Meeting), shall and may from Time to lime, by Writing under his Hand, or the Hand of his Agent or Attorney, elect, nominate, and appoint some other fit and proper Person, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act; which said Commissioner so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Act into Execution, as if he had been a Commissioner originally nominated in and by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Thomas Harrison, or

any other Commissioner that shall be elected and appointed in his Place sioners in the and Stead, as herein-after directed, shall die, refuse, or become incapa- £?om °£ ble to act in the Execution of this Act, the Persons who respectively for son°ma> the Time being shall be interested in the Lands to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, (other than and except the said William Lord Lowther, or the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being), or the major Part of them in Value, who in Person, or by their Agents or Attornies, shall attend at a Meeting to be called pursuant to Notice in Writing, to be affixed on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Crosby Ravensworth, upon some Sunday either during or immediately before or after Divine Service, (which Notice the Person who acts as Clerk to the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to give, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of the said Thomas Harrison, or any other Commissioner that shall be elected and appointed in his Place and Stead, shall be made known, and Ten Days at the lead; previous to such Meeting), shall and may, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Elands, or the Hands of their respective Agents or Attornies, elect, nominate, and appoint some other fit and proper Person, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be the Commissioner in the Place and Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act; which said

Commissioner

1372

Kotic? *o be given of the Fu lt Meeting of the Commissioners.

Manner of giving Notices.

Land to be sold for defraying Expences of passing and executing this Act.

Allotment for Gravel.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Commissioner so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Act into Execution, as if he had been a Commissioner originally nominated in and by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Crcjby Ravensworth aforesaid, on some Sunday either during or immediately before or after Divine Service, of the Time and Place of the First Attendance or beginning to put this Act into Execution, and also of all such other Time* and Places as they shall appoint for the Purpose of receiving, adjusting, and settling the Claims, Rights, Shares, and Proportions of any Person or Persons interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, which shall or may require the Attendance of any Person or Persons interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, so as that the Place of every such Attendance or Meeting be within Five Miles of Reagill aforesaid, and that Fourteen Days previous Notice be given thereof, (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted).

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Notices required by this Act or the said Act passed in the Forty-first: Year of His p-efent Majesty's Reign, to be given or published in some publick Newspaper, of setting out publick Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the said Commissioners, shall be given and published in such Provincial Newspapers as shall be published nearest to the said Manor of Reagill.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to fell such Part or Share of the said Commons so to be inclosed, as shall be necessary to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for defraying the Charges of obtaining this Act, and putting the fame into Execution; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to make such Sale or Sales on or before the Second Day of February next, or as soon after as conveniently may be or require.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out and appoint such Parts of the said Commons or Waste Grounds, so to be divided by them as they shall think fit, to be used as a Stone Quarry or Stone Quarries, and that the said Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Reagill aforesaid, and the Proprietors of the said Wastes and Commons, shall have free Liberty of getting Stone therein for their own Use and Benefit, but not so as to sell and dispose thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out Roads to and from the said Stone Quarries for publick Use and Benefit.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, before any other Allotment is made in pursuance of this Act, to set out and appoint such Parcel or Parcels of Land (not exceeding Four Acres in the Whole) in and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and in such convenient Places as they shall think proper, to be used for the Purpose of getting Stone, Gravel, or other Materials, for the Repairs of the Roads and Ways within the said Manor of Reagill; and such Parcel or Parcels of Land shall be and are hereby vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways within the said Manor for the Time being, and their Successors, upon Trull for the Purposes in this Act mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out and allot so much of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as will, in their Judgement, at the Time of making such Allotment, be worth, to be let for the clear yearly Rent of Fifteen Pounds per Annum, and after such Allotment shall be set out as aforesaid, rhen the said Commissioners shall, by Indenture of Lease and Release, convey and allure the fame, and the Freehold and Inheritance thereof, unto and to the Life of such Persons, being Land Owners or Inhabitants within the said Manor or Township of Reagill, their Heirs and Assigns, as the major Part in Value of the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the said Manor or Township, paying to the Poor Rates within the same, (such Value to be settled by their Payments to such Poor Rates), assembled personally or by Proxy at a Meeting to be convened by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, (whereof Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given in Manner as herein-before directed), shall nominate and appoint, and the Allotment so conveyed, or expressed and intended so to be, shall immediately thereupon become legally vested in the said Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, according to the said Conveyance, upon Trust, and to and for the Intent and Purpose herein-after expressed and directed of and concerning the same, that is to say, upon Trust to receive and apply the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof for ever, (all their reasonable and necessary Charges in the Execution of the Trulls reposed in them being first deducted), for and towards the Support and Maintenance (as far as the fame will extend) of the Schoolmaster for the Time being of the Grammar School of Reagill aforesaid, for teaching and instructing the Children of the Land Owners and other Inhabitant* of the said Manor and Township.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Three or more of (he said I rustees, to be named and appointed as aforesaid, or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse, or neglect to act as Trustees for the Purposes before expressed, then and in every such Case, from Time to Time for ever, as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the said Manor or Township of Reagill, paying Poor Rates within the same, (such Value to be affixed as aforesaid), assembled personally or by Proxy at a Meeting to be convened by the surviving Trustees or Trustee for the Time being

[Lee. Per.] 15 Y for

*373

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor.

Allotment to Iv? Irt out in Trust for the S-ho >1 in alter of ReagiU.

Appointment

of new Trustees.

*374

Allotment for I) thes.

Allotment for Right of Soil.

43‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

for that Purpose, (whereof Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given as aforesaid), to nominate and appoint in Writing so many more Persons, being Land Owners or Inhabitants of the fame Manor or Township, to be Trustees in the Place and Stead of the Trustees (o dying, refusing, or neglecting to act as aforesaid, as together with the surviving Trustees or Trustee will make up the Number of Five Trustees, and so that the said Trustees shall be perpetually kept up to the Number of Five, and immediately after such Nomination and Appointment, the surviving Trustees or Trustee from Time to Time shall, by Indentures of Lease and Release, convey and assure the said Allotment so made as aforesaid, in such Manner as that the fame may become legally veiled in such new and surviving Trustees, upon the Trull before mentioned, and that all and every Person and Persons so appointed a Trustee or Trustees, shall from thenceforth have the fame Powers and Authorities in Execution of the Trulls to be repoled in him or them, as if he or they had been originally appointed a Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid; and all and every Act, Matter, and Thing, which shall be executed, done, or performed, by any Three of the said Trustees for the Time being, in pursuance and Execution of this Act, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the said Trustees for the Time being had been present, and had executed, done, and performed the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required in the next Place to set out and allot unto the said William Lord Lowther, such Parcel of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent and Compensation for such Tythes of Corn, Grain, and other Tythe, as the said William Lord Lowther may be found entitled unto, out of the said Commons and Waste Grounds now to be inclosed, which said Allotment shall be in lieu of and in Recompence and Compensation for such Tythes of Corn, Grain, and other Tythe, to which the said William Lord Lowther may be found lo entitled, arising, growing, renewing, or payable within, upon, or for the said Commons or Waste Grounds so to be inclosed within the said Manor of Reagill; all which said Tythes within the said Manor of Reagill, after such Allotments in lieu thereof shall be made and flaked out, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required in the next Place, out of the Residue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, to set out, allot, and appoint unto and for the said William Lord Lowther, and his Heirs, (exclusive of the Lands to be allotted him in lieu of his other Rights in the said Commons as hereinafter directed). One full Twelfth Part of the said Commons and, Waste Lands, for his Right to the Soil of the said Commons or Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

1

4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 76. 1375

XIV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said Commissioners shall have deducted Lands for the Roads, Ways, and Drains, and made the several Allotments herein-before mentioned, they shall in the next Place set out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Persons who, at the Time of making such Allotments, shall be entitled to any Estate,

Property, Right, or Interest in the fame Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, according to their respective Interests therein, and according to the Value of their respective Estates as they are rated to the Poor, in such Quantifies, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Parts and Places as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a Compensation and Satisfaction for the several and respective Lands and Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests of each of the said Proprietors after such Deductions as aforesaid; and such Commons Moors, and Waste Grounds, when allotted and inclosed, shall be vest- d in the several Persons who shall be entitled to the fame, as Freehold Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, and shall allot the Share or Shares of each Party as near to the Homesteads or some other of the present inclosed Lands or Tenements belonging to such Party respectively, as conveniently may be.

XV. And be it further enacted, That until the Division and Allotment Tythes to be shall be made and finished in pursuance of this Act, the said William Lord h'*-Lowther shall be entitled to, and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Allotments* Tythes as he or they could, might, or ought have done, in case this Act ,uade-

had not been made.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which Fordetermin-within Twenty Years now last past have been made upon, or taken

from the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, and in case any Dispute shall arise touching any such Encroachments or the Extent thereof, such Disputes shall be fina ly determined by the said Commissioners: Provided always, that all such Encroachments which shall have been made or taken by any Person or Persons entitled to Right of Common on the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or a sufficient Part thereof, shall be considered as the Share or Allotment, or Part of the Share or Allotment, to be made to the Person or Persons who shall then be in Possession, or en-i titled to the improved Rents and Profits thereof, without considering - the Improvements made thereto, and shall be allotted to and accepted ‘ by such Person or Persons as the Whole, or any Part or Share of the Allotment or Allotments to be assigned or allotted to him, her, or them respectively.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Power to Ml

be lawful for any of the Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the a

said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be in- rate of other closed, to sell and dispose of his, her, and their Right, Share, or Interest Property, in such Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, separate and apart from

1376 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

from the Property to which such Right or Interest is appurtenant, and that the said Commissioners shall and may award the Allotments to be made in lieu of the Right of Common so fold and disposed of, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, having received a Request in Writing so to do, signed by the Owners or Proprietors of such Rights of Common, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and that such Purchaser or Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the fame unto him, his Heirs and Assigns for ever; any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Commission.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference

DiTputeV.'16 shall ar'k between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made, touching or concerning the Right of the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests therein, which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in or to such Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, and determine the fame; provided that no Determination of the said Commissioners shall exclude any Person from trying and ascertaining his Right at Law or in Equity, in respect of the Title to any of the Shares or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Waste Grounds, intended to be divided by virtue of this Act; so that no such Trial, nor any Judgement thereupon, shall suspend or impede the Execution of this Act; and provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments, whatsoever.

wsT<Taw»rd

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commis-

costs. ' sioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims,

Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 76. i377

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Parties may Person or Persons inten ded or claiming to be interested in the said R^his'by an intended Divisidn and Iielofure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determi- Action at nation of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or La'v'

Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or Other Rights or Interests in, over; or upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters so determined by the said Commissioners at the next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Westmorland, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall c a use an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commiflu ners; and the Defendant or Defendant* in such Action or Actions (had, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bad, and accept One or more issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined; and such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Ver-dist or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding upon all Persons, and Bodies Politick and Corporate whom* soever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set afiue such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or new Tria's to be had, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also upon fufccient Cause fhtwn, to put off the Trial of such issue as is usual in other Cases; ami that alter such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set slide by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be Allotments to made as aforesaid shall within such Time, either before or after the Ex- be fenced. excution of tfee said Award, as the said Commissioners shall direct, be

inclosed and fenced, an I such Fences for ever afterwards maintained, repaired, and supported by and at the Expenoe of the respective Proprietors, in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their laid Award direct.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing uMtanrf Set-in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or taken to revoke, dements not make void, alter, or annul any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Limitation, to be at!eAcJ' or to prejudice any Person having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Reversion, Rent, Service Debt, Charges, or Incumbrances, of,

in-, out of upon, or affecting any of the Lands and Grounds (o intended to be divided and inclosed, or which shall be exchanged in pur-fu nee of this Act or any Part thereof respectively; but that the several Lands and Grounds to be assigned and allotted upon such Division and [Lee. & Per.J ij Z Inclosure

1378 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Inclosure to the several Parties concerned or their Trustees, and which shall be taken in Exchange in pursuance of this Act, shall immediately after such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, be, remain, and enure; and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted and assigned or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth (land and be seised thereof to and for such and the same Uses and Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, Quit Rents, and Incumbrances, as the said several Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotments and Exchanges shall be made as aforesaid, now are, or should or would have been subject and liable to be charged with or affected by in case the fame

had remained uninclosed and unexchanged, or this Act had not been made.

the°*ommif->

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall fionerj. be each respectively paid the Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence and no more, on each and every Day that they shall respectively attend, or be engaged or employed in full Satisfaction for all their Trouble, and the Expences which they shall incur in the surveying, ad-measuring, planning, and valuing all the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed; and likewise for all their Trouble, and the Expences which they shall incur in the dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds; and also the further Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence unto each and every Commissioner for his Trouble and Expence on each and every Day that he shall attend, or be engaged or employed for the Purpose o! enquiring into, examining Witnesses, settling and determining any objected or disputed Claims, or any other Dispute or Difference which shall or may arise or happen touching or concerning the said Divisim or Inclosure, and hereby referred to the said Commissioners; the said Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence to be paid by the Person or Persons against whom the Award of the said Commissioners shall be made, in case of a Reference to them as herein-before expressed.

then-o*In

XXIV. Provided always, That the said Proprietors or Persons in-

pencLS. terested in the said Division and Inclosure, their Agents and Attornies, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act.

mmake"

XXV. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and out yearly every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be com-

Accouiu*. puted from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of West-mtrland, to be by him examined and balanced, and such Balance

shall

1379

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

shall be by such Justice stated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept, in the Office of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice.

XXVL. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Pro-Persons ad-prietors, or any other Person or Persons shall advance and pay any ney'toBe'rH Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining, passing, paid with and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be re- lr"ereft-paid and satisfied by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ^afr<1tobe make and execute One Part of their said Award, and that the fame shall

within Three Calendar Mon hs next after the Execution thereof, be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Westmorland, and for which a Fee of One Guinea and no more shall be paid, and a true Copy of such Award, or of any Part thereof, signed by the said Clerk of the Peace cr his Deputy, for which no more than Four-pence per Sheet shall be paid, each Sheet to contain Seventy-two Words, and also each Part of the said original Award shall be allowed as good and legal Evidence; and the said Clerk of the Peace and his Deputy, shall permit and suffer any Person or Persons whomsoever, from Time to Time and at all limes within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruie or inspect the Part of the said Award cr Instrument deposited in the Office of the said Clerk of the Peace upon paying for every such Perusal or Inspection One Shilling and no more.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Saving the this Act contained shall be construed to defeat, leflfen, or prejudice the Right, lule, or li terest of the said William Lord Lowther, Lord of the Manor, said Manor of Keagill, his Heirs or Assigns, of, in, and to the Seigniories and

R, yalt.ii sincident and belonging to the said Manor, but that the said William Lord Lowther, and all succeeding Lords or Ladies of the said Manor, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hold and enjoy all Quit Kents, Free Rents, Reliefs, Duties, Customs, and Services, and all Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts within the said Manor,

Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Treasure Trove, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures,

Kovalties, Jurisdictiom, Franchises, Matters, and Things whatsoever to the said Manor, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof, incident, belonging, or appertaining other than and except such Common Right as could or might be claimed by him, her, or them, as Owner of the Soil and Inheritance of the said Commons, Moors, and Walk Grounds, and the Right of getting Stone, Slate, and Gravel therein, which is and are hereby intended to be barred and for ever extinguished, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he, she, or they might have held and enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been made; and that the said William Lord Lowther, his Heirs and Assigns,

shall

1380 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 7(3.

shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy all Mines of Coal, Ironstone, and Minerals of what Nature or Kind soever, within and under the said’Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and incloseil together with all convenient and necessary Ways, Way Leaves, Roads, and Passages, already made and hereafter to be made, through, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, and Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, over, and along the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and of searching for, winning, and working tire said Mines and Minerals, and leading and carrying away the Coal, Iron-stone, Lead, Minerals, Things, and other Produce thereof, making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms, and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, Soughs, Drains, Ways, and Watercourses, and of erecting and using Fire Engines and other F.ngines, dird of altering, changing, and pulling down-and carrying away the Rime, or any of the Materials thereof, in, through, over, and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to-be inclosed, and to have and use any Stone got in the Course of sinking Pits or Shafts, or working or getting the said Minerals so reserved as aforesaid, at his, her, or their own free Will and Pleasure1, and to do all such other Works, Asti, and Things, either now in use or hereafter to Ire invented, as may be necessary or convenient for the full and compl te Enjoyment thereof, in and upon the said Commons, Moor.-, and Wide Grounds, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they tould or might have done in case this Act had not been made: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall give to the said William Lord* LtrviRef, or to any future Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Reagill aforesaid, any greater, further, or other Authority, Power, Privilege, or Liberty whatsoever, touching or concerning thfe sinking, searching for1, winning, working, carrying away, and disposing of the Mines of Coai, Iron-stone, and other Minerals contained in the said several Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and imlofed, than he the said William Lord Loivther was by Law entitled to immediately before the passing of this Act.

Sitisfadlion

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

for'iLm^ei ^er*wn or Pe,sons shall suffer or fuflairt any Loss or Damage in his, her, 01 am S or their respective Allotments, by the sinking, searching for, winning, or working of any Mines of Coal, Ironstone, or other Mines therein, or the laying or repairing Waggon Ways or other Ways, or by leading or carrying away the Coals, Iron-stone, or other Ore or Minerals to be gotten thereout, or making Drifts, Levels, or Watercourses, erecting or using Fire or other Engines, Pit Room, or other the Liberties and Powers hereby given and reserved to the Lord or Lords, Lady of Ladies, of the Manor of Reagill aforesaid for the Time being, that then and in evety such Case the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall pay full Satisfaction for all such Damage5, Spoil of Ground, and other Loss to be occasioned thereby, to the Person or I’ersons who shall be in

Possession

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 76. 1381

Possession of such Ground or Allotment at the Time of doing such Damage, Spoil, or Loss.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ,n

think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be final, binding, or conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an IiTue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned), such Person or Persons may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Westmorland, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and giving Twenty Days Notice to the Commissioners of such his, her, or their Intention of appealing; and the Justices of such Sessions are h-reby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Cods as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Charges which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner and Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into an^ of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; and in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to award such Colts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall leem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Sav-Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, in£*

Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors,

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Lands or

other Compensation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intent and Purposes of the Inclosure hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished), all such Estates, Rights, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed, of, in, and to, or in respect of the Commons and Wastes hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed Declaring the by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so pubUck‘

[Lee. Ss* Per.'] 16 A printed

1382

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial No- tice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An A<fl for repealing an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wafies and Commons lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of Westmorland; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting, and inclohng the said Lands and Grounds. [nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wajles and Commons lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of Westmorland, whereby it was amongst other Things enacted, that the said Wastes and Commons lying and being within the said Manor of Sleagill, should, on or before the Twentieth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, or as soon after as conveniently could be done, be divided, set out, and allotted, by John Moore Esquire, George Wheatley, and Thomas Gibson, Commissioners appointed by the said Act, and their Successors, or any Two or more of them, in the Manner and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions therein-after mentioned: And it was thereby further enacted, that when and so often as any One of the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, or to be elected in Manner therein-after mentioned, should die, or refuse to act, the surviving Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, should from Time to Time, within Two Months next after such Death or Refusal, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, elect a Commissioner, not interested in the said intended Inclosure, in the Stead and Place of every Commissioner dying or refilling to act as aforesaid: And whereas

77-

[Lw. Peri]

16 B

no

1386

>9 1. re.

pealed.

Commission-

trs.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

no Division or Allotment was made, nor any other Act done under or by virtue of the said in Part recited Act, ffave only and except the Appointment of James Wilson Esquire, as a Commissioner for the said intended Inclosure, in the Place and Stead of the said John Moore deceased): And whereas the Commissioners thereby appointed have since departed this Life, (except the said James Wilson\ without appointing any other Commissioner or Commissioners pursuant to the said Power, whereby it is now become difficult or impossible to carry the Provisions of the said Act into Effect: And whereas there are within the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of Westmorland, several Open Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, containing Five hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Right Honourable William Lord Lowther Baron of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, is Lord of the Manor and Owner of the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and of the Coal Mines, Veins, and Seams of Coal, and all other Mines and Minerals therein: And whereas the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Mary Car/i/le, in the County of Cumberland, are entitled to the Tythes of Corn yearly arising and growing due within the Manor of Sleagill aforesaid: And whereas the Reverend John Jackson is the Vicar of Morland, and as such entitled to the Tythe of Hay yearly arising and growing due within the Manor of Sleagill aforesaid: And whereas it would be a very great Advantage to the several Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parts thereof divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to thnr re.pec-tive Rights, Shares, and Interests: And whereas an Act > s passed in the Forty-fit ft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Provisions usually tnferitd in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fids usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas it is requisite that greater Powers should be given for that Purpose than those contained in the said recited Act, and therefore and on Account of the Death of the said Commissioners, it is expedient that the same Act should be repealed; but such Repeal, Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said in Part recited Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and every Matter, Clause, and Thing therein contained, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That James Wilson of Kendal in the said County of Westmorland Esquire, the surviving Commissioner nominated and appointed under and by virtue of the Provisions in the said recited Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and John Gibson of Oddendale, Esquire, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, pursuant to the Directions and Provisions of this Act, and also pursuant to the Directions and Provisions of the said last recited Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, except where the same are by this Act varied or altered.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 77. 1387

III. And be it further enacted, That if the said James Wilson, or any other Commissioner that shall be elected and appointed in his Place and f,oner, in the Stead, as herein-after directed, shall die, reful'e, or become incapable Room!)L. to act in the Execution of this Act, the said William Lord Lowther, or Jama the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, in Perl'on, or by his or her Agent or Attorney, shall attend at a Meeting to be called pursuant to Notice in Writing, to be affixed on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Mo>land, upon some Sunday either during or immediately before or after Divine Service, (which Notice the Person who acts as Clerk to the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to give, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of the said James Wilson, or any other Commissioner that shall be elected and appointed in his Place and Stead, shall be made known, and Ten Days at the lead previous to such Meeting), shall and may from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, or the Hand of his Agent or Attorney, elect, nominate, and appoint some other fit and proper Person, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be the Commissioner in the Place and Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act; which said Commissioner so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Act into Execution, as if he had been a Commissioner originally nominated in and by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Gibson, or Appointment any other Commissioner that shall be elected and appointed in his Place so

and Stead, as herein-after directed, shall die, refuse, or become incapa- Room of ble to act in the Execution of this Act, the Persons who respectively for Joka Glbf0K* the Time being shall be interested in the Lands to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, (other than and except the said William Lord Lowther, or the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being), or the major Part of them in Value, who in Person, or by their respective Agents or Attornies, shall attend at a Meeting to be called pursuant to Notice in Writing, to be affixed on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Mor/and, upon some Sunday either during or immediately before or after Divine Service, (which Notice the Person who acts as Clerk to the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to give, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity of the said John Gibson, or any other Commissioner that shall be elected and appointed in his Place and Stead, shall be made known, and Ten Days at lead: previous to such Meeting), shall and mav, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of their respective Agents or Attornies, elect, nominate, and appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be the Commissioner in the Place and Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act; which said Commissioner so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Author rity for carrying this Act into Execution, as if he had been a Commissioner originally nominated in and by this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Notice so be and they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing to be affixed pi ^Meeting on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Morland of the Com-8

aforesaid,

1388

Manner of giving Notices.

Land to be ioltl for defraying Kx-pences of passing and executing this Att.

Allotment for Gravel Pits.

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor.

Allotment For Tythes.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

aforesaid, on some Sunday either during or immediately before or after Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their First Attendance or beginning to put this Act in Execution, and also of all such other Times and Places as they shall appoint for the Purpose of receiving, adjusting, and settling the Claims, Rights, Shares, and Proportions of any Person or Persons interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Wafle Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, which shall or may require the Attendance of any Person or Persons interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, so as that the Place of every such Attendance or Meeting be within Four Miles of Sleagill aforesaid, and that Fourteen Days previous Notice be given thereof, (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted).

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Notice required by this Act or the said Act passed in the Forty-Aril Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to be given or published in fotne publick Newspaper, of setting out publick Carriage Hoads, and of reading and executing the Award of the said Commissioners, shall be given and published in such Provincial Newspaper as shall be published neared to the said Manor of Sleagill.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to fell such Part or Share of the said Commons so to be inclosed, as shall be necessary to raise a sufficiem Sum of Money for defraying the Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and putting the fame in Execution; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to make such Sale or Sales on or before the Second Day of February next, or as soon after as conveniently may be.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out and appoint such Part of the said Commons or Wade-Grounds, so to be divided by them as they shall think fit, to be used as a Common Stone Quarry or Stone Quarries, and that the said Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Sleagill aforesaid, and the Proprietors of the said Wades and Commons, shall have free Liberty of getting Stone therein for i heir own Use and Benefit, but not to sell and dispose thereof; and that it shall be lawful lor the said Commissioners to let out Roads to and from the said Stone Quarries for publick Use and Benefit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required in the next Place, out of the Residue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, to set out, allot, and appoint unto and for the said William Lord Lowther, and his Heirs, One Twelfth Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands, for his Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the said Allotments shall be so made as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required and empowered, by and with the Consent in Writing of the Lord

or

i389

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

or Lady of the said Manor of Sleagill for the Time being, and of a Majority of the several Persons having Right of Common on the said Wastes and Commons, and of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Mary Carlisle, the Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Person or Persons entitled to the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, and other Tythes, arising and growing due within the said Manor of Sleagill, to set out, allot, and assign unto the said Dean and Chapter, Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Tythes as aforesaid, fuc.h a Quantity, Part, or Portion of the said Waites or Commons, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be a full Equivalent and Compctifation for and in lieu of such Tythes, which said Quantity, Part, or Portion, shall be accepted by and veiled in such Dean and Chapter, Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Tythes as aforesaid, and his or their Successors, or Heirs and Assigns for ever, in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for all the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, and other Tythes arising, increasing, renewing, and growing due to the said Dean and Chapter, Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Tythes as aforesaid, or their Successors, Heirs, or Assigns, or their Lessee or Lessees, or any of them, within and throughout the whole Manor or Lordship of Sleagill aforesaid,

XI. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said Commissioners shall have deducted Lands for the Roads, and for Ways and Drains, and made the several Allotments herein-before mentioned, they shall in the next Place set out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Persons who, at the Time of making such Allotments, shall be entitled to any Estate, Property, Right, or Interest in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, according to their respective Interests therein, and according to the Value of their respective Estates as they are rated to the Poor, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Parts and Places as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a Compensation and Satisfaction for the several and respective Lands and Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests of each of the said Proprietors after such Deductions as aforesaid; and such Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, when inclosed, shall be vested in the several Persons who shall be entitled to the fame, as Freehold Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, and shall allot the Share or Shares of each Party as near to the Homesteads or some other of the present inclosed Lands or Tenements belonging to such Party respectively, as conveniently may be.

XII. And be it further enacted, That until the Division and Allotment shall be made and finished in pursuance of this Act, the said Dean and Chapter, Rector, Vicar, Curate, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Tythes as aforesaid, shall be entitled to, and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes as he or they could, might, or ought to have done, n case this Act had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which within Twenty Years now lall pad have been made upon, or taken from the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue

[Loc. Csf Per.2 16 C of

Allotment of the Residue,

Tythes to continue until Division made.

Encroach*

ments.

139°

Persons may Jell their Right to an Allotment from the Commons.

Commissioners to settle Disputei.

Commissioner to award Cost*.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

of this Act, and in case any Dispute shall arise touching any such Encroachments or the Extent thereof, such Disputes shall be finally determined by the said Commissioners: Provided always, that all such Encroachments which shall have been made or taken by any Person or Persons entitled to Right of Common on the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or a sufficient Part thereof, shall be considered as the Share or Allotment, or Part of the Share or Allotment, to be made to the Person or Persons who shall then be in Possession, or entitled to the improved Rents and Profits thereof, without considering the Improvements made thereto, and shall be allotted to and accepted by such Person or Persons as the Whole, or Part or Share of the Allotment or Allotments to be assigned or allotted to him, her, or them respectively.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to sell and dispose of his, her, or their Right, Share, or ln-terest in such Commons, Moon, and Waste Grounds, fepafate and apart from the Property to which such Right or Interest is appurtenant,- and that the said Commissioners shall and may award the Allotments to be made in lieu of the Right of Common so fold and disposed of, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, having received a Request in Writing so to do, signed by the Owners or Proprietors of such Rights of Common, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and that any such Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the fame unto him, his Heirs and Assigns for ever; any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference

shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made, touche ing or concerning the Right of the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests therein, which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in or to such Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, and finally determine the fame; provided that no Determination of the said Commissioners shall exclude any Person from trying and ascertaining his Right at Law or in Equity, in respect of the Title to any of the Shares or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, intended to be divided by virtue of this Act; so that no such Trial, nor any Judgement thereupon, shall suspend or impede the Execution of this Act; and provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments, whatsoever. t

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful ior the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered upon Application made to

_ ,. [_ . —- . them

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 77. 1391

them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges,

shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said CommissioneTs, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so didrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Didrefs and Sale.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per- parties may son or Persons intereded or claiming to be intereded in the said intended try their Division and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the Action at a" said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Law-Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or

of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Intereds in, over, or upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the next or at the following Adizes to be holden for the said County of Westmorland, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infided on, may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding upon all Persons, and Bodies Politick and Corporate whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is usual in other Cases; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to ad in Conformity thereto.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be j^otmce"ts to made as aforesaid, shall within such Time, either before or after the.Exe- c s"ec' cution of the said Award, as the said Commissioners shall direct, be inclosed and fenced, and such Fences for ever afterwards maintained, repaired, and supported, by and at the Expence of the respective Proprietors,

1392

Sherp not to be depastured in the new tnclolures for a certain Time.

Wills and Set-dements not to be attested.

Allowance to the Commissioners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

tors, in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions, as the said Commissionert shall by their said Award direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, during the Space of Seven Years from the Execution of the said Award, keep or departure, or permit to be kept or depastured, any Sheep or Lambs in the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, unless he, she, or they shall first effectually fence and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any other Proprietor or Proprietors, from any Injury or Damage to their Quicksets or new planted Fences, or shall wilfully turn or put, or cause to be turned or put any Sheep, Lambs, Horses, Asses, or other Beasts or Cattle, into any of the Lanes, Ways, or Roads, on either Side whereof any new growing Fence shall be planted, every Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person subject to the Payment of the said Penalty, by Warrant of such Justice, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and every such Penalty when so levied, shall be paid to the Person or Persons injured.

XX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or taken to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Limitation, or to prejudice any Person having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Reversion, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed, or which shall be exchanged in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof respectively; but that the several Lands and Grounds to be assigned and allotted upon such Division and inclosure to the several Parties concerned, or their Trustees, and which shall be taken in Exchange in pursuance of this Act, shall, immediately after such Alltoments or Exchanges shall be made, be, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted and assigned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth stand and be seised thereof, to and for such and the same Uses and Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, C^uit Rents, and Incumbrances, as the said several Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotments and Exchanges shall be made as aforesaid, now are, or should or would have been subject and liable to be charged with or affected by, in case the fame had remained uninclosed and unexchanged, or this Act had not been parted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be each respectively paid the Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence and no more, for all their Trouble, and the Expences which they shall incur on each and every Day that they shall respectively attend, or be engaged or employed in the surveying, admeasuring, planning, and valuing of all the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, within the said Manor of Sleagill, and likewise for all their Trouble and the Expences which they shall incur in the dividing,

allotting,-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

*393

allotting, and inclosing the said several Commons, Moors, and Waste Ground--, and also the further Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence unto each and every Commissioner for his Trouble and Expence, on each and every Day that he shall attend, or be engaged or employed for the Purpose of enquiring into, examining Wjfneflcs, settling and determining any objected or disputed Claims, or any other Disputes or Differences which shall or may arise or happen, touching or concerning the said Division or Inclosure, and hereby referred to the fair! Commissioners; the said Sum of One Pound, Eleven Shillings and Sixpence1 to be paid by the Person or Persons against whom the Award of the said Commissioners shall be made, in case of a Reference to them as herein-before expressed: Provided always, that the said Proprietors or Persons inte-retied in the said Division and Inclosure, their Agents and Attornies, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be com- ers to be au-puted from the Day of the passing thereof), the said Commissioners dlttd-shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Westmorland, to be by him examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice dated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk o f the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice.

XXII!. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Pro- Perronsad-pr'etors, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of Fees or other Expences of obtaining, passing, paid with and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be re-paid and satisfied by the Direction of the said Commissionersrtogether with lawful Interest for the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Award to be make and execute One Part of their said Award, and that the same shall :nide' within Three Calendar Mottihs next after the Execution thereof, be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of We/l/norland, and for which a Fee of One Guinea and no more shall be paid, and a true Copy of such Award, or of any Part thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for which no more than Four-pence per Sheet shall be paid, each Sheet to contain Seventy-two Words, and also each Part of the said original Award shall be allowed as good and legal Evidence; and the said Clerk of the Peace and his Deputy, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons whomsoever, from Time to Time and at all Times within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse and inspect the Part of the said Award or Instrument deposited in the Office of the said Clerk of the Peace upon paying for every such Perusal or Inspection One Shilling and no more.

[Lee. & Per.]

16 D

*394

Saving the Rights of th Lord of the Manor.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the said William Lord Lowther, as Lord of the Laid Manor of Sleagill, his Heirs or Assigns, of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident and belonging to the said Manor, but that the said William Lord Lowther, and all succeeding Lords or Ladies of the said Manor, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hold and enjoy all Quit Rents, Free Rents, Reliefs, Duties, Customs, and Services, and all Courts, and Perquisites and Profits of Courts within the said Manor, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Treasure Trove, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, Royalties, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Matters, and Things whatsoever to the said Manor, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof, incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except such Common Right as could or might be claimed by him, her, or them, as Owner of the Soil and Inheritance of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and the Right of getting Stone, Slate, and Gravel therein, which is and are hereby intended to be barred and for ever extinguished), in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he, she, or they might have held and enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been passed; and that the said William Lord Lowther, his Heirs and Alligns, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy all Mines of Coal, Ironstone, and Minerals of what Nature or Kind soever, within and under the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed together with all convenient and necessary Ways, Way Leaves, Roads, and Passages, already made and hereafter to be made, through, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, and Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and Other Ways, in, over, and along the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and of searching for, winning, and working the said Mines and Minerals, and leading and carrying away the Coal, Iron-stone, Lead, Minerals, Things, and other Produce thereof, making Pit Rooms, and Heap Rooms', Drifts, Levels, Soughs, Drains, Ways, and Watercourses, and of erecting and using Fire Engines and other Engines, and of altering, changing, and pulling down and carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof, in, through, over, and upon the Lid Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed, and to have and use any Stone got in the Course of sinking Pits or Shafts, or working or getting the said Minerals so reserved as aforesaid, at his, her, or their own free Will and Pleasure, and to do all such other Works, Acts, and Things, either now in use or hereafter to be invented, as may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete Enjoyment thereof, in and upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds* in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall give to the said William Lord Lowther, or to any future Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Sleagill aforesaid^ any greater, further, or other Authority, Power, Privilege, or Liberty whatsoever, touching or concerning the sinking, searching for, winning, working, carrying away, and disposing of the Mines of Coal* Iron-stone, and other Minerals contained in the said several Commons, Moors, and Sf Waste

1395

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 'jj.

Wade Gfounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, than he the said William Lord Lowther was by Law entitled to immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall suffer or sustain any Loss or Damage in his, her, for Damage*.

or their respective Allotments, by the sinking, searching for, winning,

or working of any Mines of Coal, Iron-stone, or other Mines therein,

or the laying or repairing Waggon Ways or other Ways, or by leading

or carrying away the Coals, Iron-Hone, or other Ore or Minerals to be

gotten thereout, or making Drifts, Levels, or Watercourses, erecting or

using Fire or other Engines, Pit Room, or other the Liberties and Powers

hereby given and reserved to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the

Manor of Shagili aforesaid for the Time being, that then and in every such case the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor, his,

her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall pay

full Satisfaction for all such Damage*, Spoil of Ground, and other Loss

to be occasioned,- thereby, to the Person or Persons who shall be in

the PoUiflion of such Ground or Allotment at the Time of doing such

Damage, or occasioning such Spoil or Loss.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal, think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners are by the said Tecited Act or this Act directed to be final, binding, or conclusive,

an.) except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-btfi>re mentioned), such Person or Persons may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Westmorland, within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint (had have arisen, and giving Twenty Days Notice to the Commissioners of such his, her, or their Intention of appealing; and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Colts as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Costs and Charges which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster or elsewhere; and in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous.

Vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to award such Colls to be pa:d by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall ieem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Sa»-Ilcirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Ine

Bodies

sj96 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

Bodies Politick, and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Lands or other Compensation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intent and Purposes of the Inclosure hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished), all such Estates, Rights, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the Commons and Wastes hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had not been made. r- . 1 -.1 "

y- /) i: t , i; \. :j i; i

Adpubilk!' '

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed Ic.ay be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoevor, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

'; i 1 . !: 1: ’ lY-.A sn i .1 V 117 .

-a-:-.,;. , L , i,

LCND6N’: Printed by George £vre and Andrew StraUan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

-a j !!. r 1 v \l J . fuiL nu it. u / a isjt'lxM 1

; 0) 1...; y t , :/l 1 > 1 i/l n 5"

l s?t id n ,!od: f <1 t 1 1 it . y> f.,

1; D s:I» is.';* r t V'L.

t a?i- < i . ,u //T: ' ! I'.ft' 5: '

-'I.:.- i > f r ,| . . »; to n -...it t , j, ,‘ ,

> bus ;i 0 L.: ': ti sts tru P. Ui ZWJ1 I , 5!

T ' 1 1 ." I ( 1 I '.*;A da id vt . 13 1 > nti 'A i'i t-ri

(It 1 d f.’rrii or bn. t.r. tia

V l r 1 irsr.- \f f: r. 1 t . . 1: jib .-jidi.i: irta

V 1 a1: { \ v.-: > ( . . i. »3p >. !;/ b'

't ol 7 j f *.'l? t-) *i lij U.it gi-

tl-j-Tl 1> stjtwO to rjri v.-0 jrft ot brmn^O da f4 1 r.» li sniqrr-t, o'

1 ’ to ? ,t i erf) *[j t Rp, iifpyi t Visits :--.-nrb t>rii

»'f limit T hifll r> ft i i f» J4 kite

-no ! i-r ml ton - ci Hr. iti> oyuuk-.o-i J/ rs u 11

c:ri .‘‘«r V t'!‘t Ifi [ t > lit , tisvV' i) i4 alsNUpy.

; i I'll* at ' ‘ !, 10 y' 1 ft tuo,) ,

stf'j(ovii"l »d (it 1 ijy »:it »: t-Ci c f';- r*i IciqqA if

c« lUifl 7 ( hick v.i 7 1 . t *iToiifc!jnu* i \ . .5; nr JO ,f

tr.a - s of biu it »* yrt 1 ti t»sn '/JlU %tlH£ ,'I|

1 srii 01 i'\ ' i 1 \ ( 1 ’ i ' q a:f orsito!) a'a

immi&I ui hsjval . i’oj b<-*; KiVji (i . rmi^rJvO u

'r f! *y ' r , 1 v /

t k 1 !' \ ‘/rij; 1!* 0) l.’itu r i; n<i l.tt* sni*.

ft

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 78.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundef-ton, and Lound, in the County of Suffolk.

[11th June 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundef.

ton, and Lound, in the County of Suffolk, divers Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, containing by Ef-tiimtion Nine hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas Thomas Anguish Esquire, a Lunatick, is Lord of the several Manors of Somerley* ton, Blundeston Hall, and Gunviles in Blundeston and Lound, within which the said several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundeston, and Lound, are situated, and as such is seised of and entitled to the Soil of all the said Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the said Parishes: And whereas the said Thomas Anguish is also Patron of the several Rectories and Parish Churches of Somerleyton and Blundeston aforesaid; and the Reverend John Love is the present Rector thereof, and entitled to ali the Great and Small Tythes yearly arising, renewing, growing, and increasing, in, upon, and from all the tytheable Places, Lands, and Grounds, within the said Parishes, or to certain Modules in lieu thereof: And whereas the said Thomas Anguish is also Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Lound, aforesaid; and the Reverend Norton Nicholls is the present Rector thereof, and entitled to all the Great and Small Tythes yearly arising, renewing, growing, and increasing, in, upon, and from all the tytheable Places, Lands, and Grounds, within the said Parish: And whereas the said Thomas Anguish and Cammant Money, Thomas Morse and Nathaniel Rix, Esquires, [Loc. ds? Per.] 16 E and

1398

Commons to be indoled.

Appointment of Commissioners.

T wo Comminioners may act.

Election of new Com-niifuoners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of divers ancient Commonable Messuages and Cottages, and Tofts (being the Scites of ancient Commonable Messuages or Cottages), with the Lands, Tenements, and Appurtenances thereco belonging, within the said Parishes, and have in respect thereof a Right of Common, or are possessed of other Rights and Interests in, to, over, and upon the said Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the said Parishes respectively: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ail certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure , and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fails usually required on the faffing of such Acts: And whereas the said Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, in their present open and uncultivated State yield very little Profit; but if divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons having Right of Common thereon, or being otherwise interested therein, might be inclosed, cultivated, and improved; but such Division, Inclosure, and Improvement, cannot be made without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, shall be set out, divided, allotted, and inclosed, in Manner hereinafter mentioned; and that Henry Jermyn of Sibton in the said County of Suffolk, Esquire, Robert Boyden of North Cove in the said County of Suffolk, Grndeman, and James Sayers of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be eleftedin Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioner for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, and for putting this Act in Execution, in the Manner, and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions, herein contained, and also subject to the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act, except where the same are hereby varied and altered.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities, Directions, Acts, Matters, and Things, thereby or hereby vetted in them, or authorized or directed to be done or executed by or before the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by or before any Twoof them 5 and the same shall be as valid and effectual, as if done and executed by or before all the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners shall refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in him or them, or shall die, before all the Powers and Authorities reposed in the said Commissioners shall have been fully executed and performed, it shall be lawful for the remaining or surviving Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required, by Writing under their Hands and Sealsor his Hand and Seal, from Time to Time^ within the Space of Thirty Days next after the Refusal, Incapacity, or Death, of any such Commissioner or Commissioners, to appoint another Person, not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the room of every such Commissioner so refusing or becoming incapable to act, or dying; and every Commissioner so to be appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority to execute this Act and the said recited Act, as the Commissioner whom he shall succeed was vetted with.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies that shall be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining this A#, and of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, there shall be paid to each of the said Commissioners, as a Kecompeoce for his Pains and Trouble* the Swin of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day he shall be employed in navelling to, returning from, and attending at the Meetings to be held fur the Execution of this Act aid the said recited Act, over and btfides their travelling Expences, and all other Expences occasioned by their Attendance at tuch Meetings.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Notices and Advertisements ne-cefiary or requifue to be made and given by the said Commissioners, and nor herein-afrer or by the said recited Act otherwise directed, shall be so nii.de and given by Advertisement in the Ipswich Journal, or in fame other publick New'paper to be circulated in the said County of Suffolk.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they re hereby required to give or cause to be given publick Notice in the levera: Bmr.fh Churches of Somerleyton, Blundejion, and hound aforesaid, upon tome Sunday immediately after the Tune of Divine Service, or by Ad-erifemenc to be inserted ;n the Ipswich Journal or some other publick Newspaperto be circulated in the said County of Suffolk, of the Time and Place of theii First and every other Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vested in them Ten Days at the lead before every such Meeting (Me* t-ings by Adjournment only excepted); and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time as they shall find it convenient, to continue such Meeting by Adjournment; provided, that if at any Meeting appointed to be holden as aforesaid, it shall happen that only One of the said Commissioners shall attend, such Commissioner may adjourn such Meeting to any future Day he shall see most convenient, giving due Notice to the others or other of the said Commissioners, and so on from Time to Time as often as there shall be Occasion, until Two or more of the said Commissioners shall be present.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings of the said Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, shall be held at Lowestoft in the said County of Suffolk, or within the Distance of Eight Miles from the said Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundejion, and hound-, and that the Proprietors interested in the said Heaths, Marlbes, Fens, and Waste Lands, and all Persons claiming to be interested therein, shall pay their own Expences, and the Charges and Expences of their Agents and Attornies, when they shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their said Meetings.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Commissioners shall have perambulated, set out, ascertained, and fixed the Boundaries of the said Common Heaths, Marlbes, Fens, and Waste Lands, and also the general Boundaries between the said several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundejion, and hound, and the several Parishes to the fame respectively adjoining, under the Powers and Regulations, and in Conformity to the Act herein-before mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, if they fee fir, with the Con-fentof the Lord of the Manor and of the Majority of the Proprietors of Lands in the adjoining Parishes, to shorten and vary the said Boundaries

U99

Allowance to Commissioners.

Adverti ft. menu in Newfjiaperi.

Notice of Meetings.

Where Meetings to be held.

Commissioners may IHorten Boundaries.

1400

To prevent

breaking

Sail of the

Commons

without

Leave.

Disputed Claims to be heard and determined by the Commiihoners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

daries in such Manner as to them the said Commissioners shall appear most advantageous to all Parties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever^ from and after the passing of this Act, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, to cut, dig, pare, g'ave, break up, flay, or carry away the Turf, Flags, or Soil, upon or Irom the said Common Fleaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, or any Put thereof, or to fell, lop, top, cut down, take, or carry away any Trees,: Shrubs, Buthes, Thorns, Ling, Furze, or Whins, growing thereon, without the Licence or Content of the said Commissioners in Writing under their Hands first had and obtained (which Licence or Content the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as they shall think proper to insert therein) $ and if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, and before the Execution of the said Award, cut, dig, pare, grave, break up, flay, or carry away any Turf, Flags, or Soil, from any Part of the aid Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, or fell, lop, top, cut down, tak-, or carry away any Trees, Shrubs, Bullies, Thorns, Ling, Furze, or Whins, growing or being in or upon the fame, without such Licence or Content as aforesaid, or having obtained such Licence and Content shall act in any Manner contrary thereto, or to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Redactions, therein contained, every such Person being convicted thereof, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, not being interested in the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands (and which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer, and to summon the Person complained of, and examine such Witness or Witnesses relating to the said Complaint), shall for every Offence forfeit and pay such Sum of Money as the said Justice shall direct, not exceeding Five Pounds nor kfs than Five Shillings; and it shall be lawful for such justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the said Penalty to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending (Demand having been first made thereof) rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of such Distress' and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and such Penalty when paid or levied, shall be applied by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Claim of Right of Common or other Right or Interest in or to the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, intended to be divided, allotted, and indofed, by virtue of this Act, shall, by Writing to be delivered to the said Commissioners at such Time as shall be by them appointed for that Purpose, in pursuance of the said herein-before recited Act, be objected to by any Person or Persons claiming to be interested in the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, and the Party or Parties making such Claim shall persist therein, then the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, at a Meeting to be by them held for that Purpose, of which they shall give publick Noticeat lead Ten Days before the Time of holding the latue, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, and by such other Evidence, Ways, and Means, as they shall think ptoper, to hear and determine the Matter of every such Claim so made and objected to and persisted in as aforesaid j and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered apd required

to

14-0*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

to affcfs such Costs and Charge* as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any such Determination shall be made, by the Party or Parties against whom the same shall be made, and the same shall be paid within such Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay such Costs and Charges within Ten Days nexc after Demand thereof made, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so nrgkcting or refusing, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, which Warrant the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal, and of such Demand as aforesaid; and the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of levying the same shall have been dcdu&ed, shall be returned on Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, interested or claiming to be interfiled in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any such Claim or Claims of Common or other Rights or Interests, in, to, over, or upon the said Heaths, Matfhes, Fens, and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Parc thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to tty all such Claims at Law at the next or at the following Affixes to be holden for the said County of Suffolk, upon a feigned Issue , and for that Purpose the Person or Persons Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought against; the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months after such Determination of the said Commissioners and the Defendant or Defendants in such Addon is and are hereby required forthwith to appear to such Action, accept a Declaration, and plead to Issue (such Issue to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be cpmtnenced, in case the Par-lies shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Addons shall be final, binding, and condusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Addon or Addons shall be brought shall set aside such Verdictor Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cales; and that after such Verd'dt or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages. Cottages, Lands, or Tenements whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall net a’oa'e by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as shall have been made as

[Lw. y Per. j 16 F aforesaid,

Persons dif. satisfied may try Claim-, at Law.

If any of the Parties die Proceedings not to abate.

Determination of the Commissioners to be

14-02

final unltrfs Parties proceed at Law.

Encroachments since 1773> 10 he deemed Part of the LaniU to be allotted.

fliinlJ v fw*J;

Power to fell Encroachments where Buildings are erected to the Owners.

No Cattle to be depaftur-ed in Highways (or Seven Years.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

ifbrttaid, with respect to 'such Claim', touching which no'such Action at LII\v (Kill he brought or commenced, and proceeded in within the Time aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all Redons whomsoever; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which have been made upon the said several Heaths, Marshes, Fens, anil Waste Lands, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, at any Time since the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-thiee, shall be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act; lave and except such Parts thereof as have been inclosed by virtue of a Licence in Writing, under the Hand of the Lord or Lady of any of the said several Manors of Sower ley ton, Blundeston Hall, and Cunvtkt in Blundtjlott, and Lottnd, and duly entered or inrolled in the Court Books or Rolls of such Manor or Manors respectively; but no Person or Persons, in PoflelBon of any Land which has been so inclosed from the said Commons and Waste Lands within the Timeaforesaid, shall be entitled to any Allotment in respect thereof under ar by virtue of this Act.

'-*! *IU A ,o v i< n i >C-v\! ... -«T c>.| .

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Cottages, Huts, or other Buildings, shall have been erected upon any Part of the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, or Waste Lands, or upon any Encroachments which shall have been made thereon at any Time since the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, without such Licence as aforesaid, then the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, in case they shall think fit, to make Sale and dispose of such Encroachment whereon such Cottages or other Buildings shall (land, or such other Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands in lieu thereof, as they the said Commissioners shall think most proper and convenient (not exceeding the Quantity of such Encroachments respectively) to the Owners of such Cottages or other Buildings, or any of them respectively, at such Price or Prices as they the said Commissioners shall deem fair and teasonable; and in and by their Award to fee out, allot, and convey the same to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs accordingly; and the Monies arising from such Sale or Sales shall be applied in and towards the Payment of the sex-pences attending the passing and executing this Act; but if the Owner or Owners of any such Cottages or other Buildings shall refuse ro purchase their respective Encroachments, at the Price or Sum which the said Commissioners (h.dl value the lame at, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the respective Purchase Monies thereof at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose direct, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to pull down, or cause to be pulled down, such Buildings respectively, and convert the Materials thereof for the general Purposes of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever in or upon any of the publick Roads or Ways which the said Commissioners shall order and direct to be set out and fenced on both Sides, for the Space of Seven Years next after the making and executing of their Award, under a Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings nor less than Five Shillings for every such Beast, Horse, Afs, Sheep, or Lamb, whichlhallbe found therein, tobe paid to the Person or Persons Who shall take and impound the lame; and every Proprietor or Occupierof Lands

4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 78. 14.03

and Tenements within any of the said fevtfal Parishes, and their and ?very of their Servants and Labourers, is and are hereby empowered to take and impound every such Beast, Horse, Afs, Sheep, or Lamb, which shall be so found grazing as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after any Quicksets shall be planted next the said Roads or Ways so fenced off as aforesaid, before the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotment* may, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the First Place, to Lt out and ilot such Part or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby in- s.ind Pits, tended to he divided and inclosed, as they shall think proper in each of the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundeston, and Laund aforesaid, as and for publick Clay, Gravel, and Sand Pits, with convenient lloads to and from the same, to be used by the Proprietors of Lands and Estates in the said several Parishes respectively, and their respective Tenants, as well for their own necessary Uses within the said Parishes only, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as the said Commissioners shall by their Award direct or appoint, as in common for the Repairs of the publick and private Roads within the same Parishes; and that such Allotments shall be vetted in the Surveyors of the Highways of the said several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundeston, and Lound respectively, in Trust for the Purposea aforesaid; and from Time to Time to let the fame (subject to such Right of taking Clay, Grave), and Sand therefrom) for the best Rents that can be gotten for the fame, and to apply the Profits thereof towards the Repairs of the publick Roads and Ways within the said several Parishes respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in Allotment the next Place, assign, set out, and allot unto the said Thomas Anguish, his ^ord^ Heirs and Assigns, so much and such Parts of the Residue of the said Heaths, Soil. 8 Maifhes, Fens, and Waste Lands, in each of the said several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundeston, and Lound aforesaid (after deducting therefrom the said Roads, and Clay, Gravel, and Sand Pits), as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Seventeenth Part thereof, and the fame Allotments shall be in full Compensation and Recompence to the said Thomas Anguish, for his Right as Lord of the said several Manors respectively, in and to the Soil of all the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also Allotment* assign, set out, and allot, unto the said Thomas Anguish, his Heirs and Af- for the Poor, ttgns, being Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said several Manors

of Somerleyton, Blundston Hall, and Gunviles in Blundeston, and Lound ne-Ipeftively, and to the respective Rectors, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Lid several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundeston, and Lound, for the Time being, and to their respective Successors, for the Use and Benefit of the poor Persons reficiing within the said several Parishes respectively, such Part or Parts of the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as the said Commissioners shall think fit; which Allotments, when set out, shall be and the same shall be deemed to be, vetted in the Lord or Lords,

Lady or Ladies of the said several Manors within which the said Parishes fespectively lie, and the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseeds of the Poor of each of the said several Parishes respectively for the Time being, forever,

upon

i4°4

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

upon Trust that they the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Re&ors, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Paid several Parishes respectively, and their Successors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall, and they or the major Part of them are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, by any Deeds or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, or otherwise, from Time to Time to demise and let by pub-liik Auction, the said Lands so to be allotted to them respectively as aforesaid, or such Part and Parts thereof as the said Commissioners in their A ward shall order and direct to be let (and One Month’s publick Notice cf such Auction shall be given upon Sunday, in the Parish Church of each of the said several Paiilhts respectively, immediately after Divine Service), for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, as they shall think proper, for the bed or mod improved Rent that can be reasonably gotten for the fame, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in Consideration of any such Lease, and under and subject to such Covenants and Agreements as they shall think proper; and all such Deeds and Writings shall be good and valid in the Law; and the Rents and Profits anting from such Lands, shall from Time to Time be paid to the Rectors, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of each of the said several Parishes for the Time being, and be by them applied for the Use and Benefit of such poor Persons in the Purchase of Coals or other Fuel, to be distributed to them at such Times and in such Manner as the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of each of the said several Parishes respectively, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall think mod beneficial; and as to such Part and Parts of the said Lands as shall not be by the said Commissioners directed to be so let, it shall be lawful for the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of each of the said several Parishes respectively for the Time being, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time and at any Time when they shall think fit, to appropriate such Part of the Lands so to be allotted to them as aforesaid, and not by the said Commissioners directed to be let, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the growing of Whins, Broom, Ling, or Heath, or for the digging or cutting of Petr, Turf, or Flag, or for raising of any Vegetables, or for any orher Uses or Purposes whatsoever, which they the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rettor, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said several Parishes respectively for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall think most needful and beneficial for such poor Persons respectively as aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions, and under and subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as they the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said several Parishes respectively for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time think fit and proper, and which they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and alter for that Furpo'e, when and as often as they shall think necessary: Provided nevertheless, that no Person or Persons, who shall occupy Lands and Tenements in the said Parish of Somcrleyton, of more than the yearly Rent or Value of Six Pounds, shall be entitled to receive any Coals or other Fuel to be purchased as aforesaid, or to have, cut, or take any Turf or Firing so to be let out as aforesaid for the Poor of the said Parish of Somcrleyton: Provided also, that the said Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Somcrleyton, shall from Time to Time, before distri-buting the said Coals or other Fuel, or letting out the said Turf or Firing, call a Meeting of the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, and the said

Trustees.

1405

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 1%.

Trustees, and such of the principal Inhabitants as shall attend such Meeting,

Avail make such Distribution or Apportionment as aforesaid,

XX. And be it further enacted, That after all the Allotments herein-, Allotment of before mentioned shall be made, the said Commissioners shall then assign, Residue-fct our, and allot, all the Residueand Remainder of the said Heaths, Marshes,

Tens, and Waste Lands, unto and amongst the said Thomas Anguish, Cam-mant Morey, Thomas Morse, Nathaniel Rix, and all other Perlpns interested therein at the Time of such Division, Allotment, and Iodofure, in Proportion and according to their respective Rights of Common, and ether Rights and Interestsin, to, and over the said Heaths, Marshes, Tens, and Waste Lands, so to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid (other than and except such Rights and Interests for which a Compensation is herein-before directed to be made as aforesaid), and in Proportion to the real yearly Value of the several Messuages, Cottages, and Tofts, with the Lands, Tenements, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, and of all other Rights and Interests in right of which such Allotment shall be made, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions contained in this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference Disputes to shall arise between any of the Parties touching the respective Shares and ^e,^l'1dbjr Proportions of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, missioners. allotted, and inclosed, which they or any of them ought to have in lieu of their Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, and upon the fame, or touching any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, growing upon the said Lands or Grounds, or touching or concerning any Encroachment which shall have been committed thereon, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, and determine the fame, in like Manner, and by the like Ways or Means, as they are herein-before authorized and empowered to hear anddetermineany Claims which shall be delivered to them in Writing, and objected to by any Person or Persons claiming to be interested in the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands.: Provided always, that when the said Commissioijers shall have adjudged and declared the respective Shares, Rights, and Interests, to be allotted to the said Owners and Proprietors respectively, of and in the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, to be divided by virtue of this Act, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice in such Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to their Meetings, of some convenient Time and Place when and where all Persons interested may perufea Schedule of such intended Allotments, and may take a Copy of such Schedule, or any Part thereof: And in regard that some Person or Persons may be dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give Notice as aforesaid of a Meeting to be held by them for receiving Complaints or Objections to such intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining such Complaints and Objections, and the Determination of the said Commissioners in the Premises shall be final, binding, and condusive, upon all Parties and all Persons interested therein.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all such Parts of the said Heaths, Allotments Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, as shall be assigned or allotted unto any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Messuages, iajs'e Land" Cottages, or Tofts, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are so. which holden by Copy of Courr Roll of any of the said several Manors of Somer-ley I on, Blundelion Hall, and Gunviles in Blur.djhn and hound, shall bedeemed \_Loc. Per.] 16 G and

1406

Wills and Settlements not to be affected.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

and taken to be Copyhold of the said several Manors respectively ffave and except such Allotments to be made in respect of any such Copyhold as afore-i'aid, which shall contain in the Whole less than One Rood) and shall be subject and liable to, and the Proprietors thereof respectively for the Time being, shall pay to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said several Manors respectively forever, a yearly Quit Rent, at and after the Rate of One Penny for every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted in respect of such Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, or Tofts, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, andfo in Proportion for any less Quantity than an Acre; and the several Persons to whom such Copyhold Allotments shall be made as aforesaid, shall, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, or at the First General Court Baron to be holden for each of the said several Manors respectively, next after the Expiration thereof, be admitted Tenants to the fame Allotments respectively, without paying any Fines or other Charges to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Stewards of any of the said several Manors (faveand except the Stamp Duties, and Parchment re-quisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the Stewards of the said Manors respectively, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order and direct) j but in case any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, to whom any such Copyhold Allotment or Allotments shall be made, shall neglect or refuse to be admitted Tenant thereto within the said Six Calendar Months, or at the First General Court Baron to be holden for each of the said several Manors nextafter the Expiration thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said several Maners respectively for the Time being, to take and use all such Measures for compelling such Admission or Admissions to the said Allotment or Allotments respectively, as the said ‘Thomas Anguish is now by Law, and according to the Customs of the said several Manors, empowered to take and use for want of a Tenant to any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, holden by Copy of Court Roll of the said several Manors respectively; and in such case the fame Fines, Fees, and other Payments shall be due and payable on such Admission or Admissions respectively, as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, and Stewards of the said respective Manors are now by Law, and the Customs of the lame Manors respectively, entitled to take and receive upon Admit fions to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holden by Copy of Court Roll of the said several Manors respectively; and that from and after the First Admission, all the said Copyhold Allotments shall forever thereafter be held under and subject to the fame Fines and Services as the said Copyhold Lands and Tenements respectively, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, are now subject and liable to, together with the said Quit Rent at and after the Rate of One Penny per Acre yearly; and that all other Parts of the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, as shall be assigned or allotted unto any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, for and in respect of any Freehold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, or Tofts, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be deemed and taken to be Freehold and Leasehold, and shall be held and enjoyed as such accordingly, subject nevertheless to such Rents, Payments, Customs, and Services, as the respective Lands and Tenements in respect whereof the same shall be assigned or allotted, are now subject and liable to.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void,

alter.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as aforesaid, or any Pait or Parts thereof, respectively; but that each and every Proprietor shall (land and be feiled of the Allotment and Allotments to be assigntd and made to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, or which shall be given or taken in Exchange, or of which Partition shall or may be made in pursuance of the before recited Act, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Limitations, Trusts, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the fame Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof such Allotments, Exchanges, or Partitions, shall be made, would have been subject or liable to be charged with or affected by in case the fame had remained uninclosed, unexchanged, or no Partition had been made as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments of the said Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, which may be made to the Rectors of the said several Parishes of Scmerleyton, Blundeston, and Lottnd, in pursuance of this Act, for or in respect of any Messuages or Glebe Lands belonging to the Churches of the said several Parishes; and the said Allotments herein-before directed to be made to the said Surveyors of the Highways, and for the Benefit of the poor Persons of Somerleyton, Blttndefton, and Lound as aforesaid; and all other Allotments which may be made in pursuance of this Act to any Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees of any School, or of any charitable, pious, or publick Institution in any of the said several Parishes, shall be inclosed and fenced in with such Ditches, Hedges, Mounds, or other Fences, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and the several Expencesthercof raisedandpaid in like Manner as the Expences of obtaining this Act atidof carrying the fameinto Execution art herein-after directed tobe raised and paid , and that all such Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, and Fences, when made, shall for ever thereafter be maintained and supported by and at the Expence of the Rectors of the said several Parishes for the Time being respectively, and with and out of the Profits and Produce of the said respective Allotments which may be made to the said Surveyors, the Trustees of the Poor of the said several Parishes respectively, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Feoffee or Feoffees of such School, or of any charitable, pious, or publick Institution within the said several Parishes respectively; and that all the other Allotments of the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and allotted, shall be inclosed and fenced with proper Ditches, Hedges, Mounds, or orher Fences, to be ma te and at all Times thereafter repaired by and at the Expence of the several Persons to or for whom the lame shall be respectively allotted, within such Time and in such Manner as the fai 1 Commissioners shall in and by their Award, or by any Writing under their Hands, previous thereto, direct or appoint: Provided always, that in ctfe it shall happen that any Person or Persons, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Heath?, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands shall be marie under this Act, shall have more than an equal and proportionable Share of Boundary Fences to make and rail'e to indole the lame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they dial I judge it proper, having due Regard to the Quantity and Value of each and every Allotment, and to the necessary Subdivisions to be made ihtreon, to ascertain and appoint such Sum of Money to every such Proprietor, towards making such Fences by such other

I407

Allotment! to the Rectors; for the Use of the Poor; an I for any School, to be fenced at the general Expence.

i4°8

payments for Great and Small Tythes for the hr It Six Year* to be settled by the Coni, missionei*.

Lessees of Lands may hold Allotments.

43° GEORGII I. Hi Cap. 78.

of the said Proprietors, who under the said Regulations may have less than an equal Proportion of fenring allotted to them, or otherwise to make such Allowance out of the publick or general Expences to be raised by virur of thi^ Ad, as tjrey shall think reasonable, in order that the said Boundary Fences may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportion.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said John Love and Norton Nicholfs, Reclors of the said several Parishes of Suyerkyton, Blundefion, and LoaWaforesaid, and their Successors, Redorsof the said several Parishes for the Time being respectively, shall bcand they are hereby respectively empowered to ask, dem nod, sue for, recover, and receive, of and f;rom every Occupier, Owner, or Proprietor of the several Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, from which they shall be respectively entitled to receive Tythes, for, in lieu, and full Satisfaction of, all the Great and Sniall Tythes which shall yearly arise, renew, increase, or be produced in and upon such Allotments respectively, in the first Six Years next after the same shall be inclosed, or the Award of the said Commissioners shall be made, such Sum and Sums of Montjy annually, and no more, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award, or soir.e other Instrument or Schedule under their Hands, order, direct, or appoint to be paid, for or in respect of such Tythes respectively j and from and after the Expiration of the said Six Years, the said Redors respectively for the Time being, shall be entitled to receive and take in Kind all and all Manner of Great and Small Tythes arising or coming or which shall aril'c or come off or from the same Allotments from which they shall be respectively entitled to receive Tythes as aforesaid, and every or any of them.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Lessee or Lessees of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, by virtue of any Lease or Leases, or other Agreement for any Time or Times therein, to hold and enjoy such Allotment or Allotments as shall be made in respect of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by him, her, or them, foheldor enjoyed, for and duringall such Time and Term as he, she, or they shall or may have to come and unexpired of luqh former holding, upon paying such further or advanced Rent or Rents to their respective Ltffors pr Landlords, and under and subject to, such Orders and Regulations respectiijg the Tillage and Management thereof, as shall be ascertained and determined by the said Commissioners, and be specified in and by some Instrument or Instruments in Writing under their Hands, to be made at the Expence of such Lessee or Lessees respectively, which Rent or Rents shall be paid at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall by such instrument or Instruments respectively appoints and such Leffbr or Lcflurs, Landlord or Landlords, shall have such Powers and Remedies for the recovering and obtaining such additional Kent, as he, she, or they had, or was or were entitled to have had for obtaining and recovering the original Rent reserved by such Lease or Leases, or other Agreements; and in case any such Lessee or Lessees, who shall hold any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at Rack Rent, shall not, within One Calendar Month next after the Date of such Instrument or Instruments as aforesaid, give Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Inccnuon of holding the Allotment or Allotments so to be made in respect of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and thereby agree to pay for the fame fjich Rent or Rents as the said Commissioners shall have so appointed to be paid

’ to

1409

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

to the Leflor or Lessors, Landlord or Landlords thereof (such Notice to be left at his, her, or their last or most usual Place or Places of Abode) that then and in such Case the Allotment or Allotments so to be made in right of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, leased to or agreed to be held by such Lessee or Lessees so neglecting or refusing to give Notice as aforesaid, shall go and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by his, her, or their respect ive LeflLrs or Landlords, freed and discharged of and from all Right and Interest of such respective Lessees.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, attending all and every Exchange or Exchanges, Partition or Par- to be borne titions, of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which by the P.rtici. shall or may be made by the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of the

Powers and Authorities of the said herein-before recited Act, shall be boinc and paid by the several Partus between whom the same shall be made respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money herein-before directed to be paid to the said Commissioners for their Trouble to be paid, and Attendance in the Execution of this Act, over and besides their reason-

able and necessary Expences, and to the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by them for surveying and admcafuring, planning and mapping the said Heaths, Marshes, Fens, and Waste Lands, to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof a Right of Common or other Right or Interest thereon or therein shall be claimed, and also the Costs and Charges in any way occasioned by, incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of valuing, dividing, and allotting the said Heaths, Marshes,

Fens, and Waste Lands, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, and of all publick Works, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (other than and except the Rectors, and the Surveyors of the Highways of the said several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundefton, and Lound, for and in respect of the Allotments to be made to them, and the several Persons to whom the said Allotments for the Benefit of the said poor Persons, Schools, and other charitable, pious, or publick Institutions, shall be made as aforesaid, who are not to bear or pay any Part thereof in respect of such Allotmejns), in Proportion to the Value of the Lands to be allotted to them respectively, to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid by them the said Proprietors respectively, at such Time or Times as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, and in and by their Award mention and appoint for that Purpose.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission-Commissioners to borrow and take up at Interest, of any Person or Persons

willing to advance and lend the fame, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall to pay Ex-from Time to Time be necessary for defraying the Charges and Expences Psnce*-of passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution; and that the Money which shall be so advanced for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be repaid, with lawful Interest, to such Person or Persons, out of the first Monies which shall be raised from the several Proprietors as herein-before [Z,of. (5* Per.] 16 H mentioned

14*0

C wniiron-c<s to by I heir Ac-C Mtr.ts before Two Justices Once n» every Year.

I^ower of

A^jjeat.'

General

Saving.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

mentioned and directed for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and eve'y Year, during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof), the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby re quired to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums

Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before Two Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Suffolk, to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices (fated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the ;amc shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themlVIves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and excepc such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are directed to be final, binding, and conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Iffiie at Law shall be tried as herein-before men icned), then and in every such Case he, she, or they, may appeal to the General Quarer Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Suffolk at Eeccles aforesaid, within Four Calendar Months next after the said Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving the said Commissioners, or the Party or Parties intended to be appealed against, Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices in their laid General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Cods and Damages, as t > them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to levy by their Order or Warrant the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the Justices to be frivolous or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successdrs, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Ellate, Right, Title, and Interest (other than and except such as are meant and expressed to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished by, this Act), of, in, to, or out of the said L.antls and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, that this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Juf-tiers whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan> Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

14IX

For pi in ting the Act by the King’s Printer.

/p , T': :i — ^5! o

'! '*1 3i!? *1 ?rti *;,{ s 5 .'a >l'i '. I

, 1: '-'I »! ' 1 via s. {. v_;. j .;j»

*» - j| ht. i gsfi ii i !;: *

.; .....; ' i i i.

,»A; t sc ci'fjr js’cit; -

«viaHA«t3 nz hi; znw'rt 'zo'J*' '(' T . '

,£C*t ftom *'jp}’ ii. -

*IW1 ‘

arts a'.';* 1 t

V'"

V .4 j’mw v.

.. «Sy

.. _ . «h

irJ- vJf*nw j

- ' ' i . ' V*

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4 iM'*jM 4HH|E*4|HMt*

Cap. 79;

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pasture, Common and Walle Lands, within the Township of Middleton, in the Parish of Middleton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS within the Township of Middleton, in the Parish of Middleton in the East Riding of the County of York, there are several Open Fields called the Little East Field, Swung Close Field, Sand Pit Field, Middle West Field, Mill Field, and Bainton Gate Field, which contain together Two thousand Acres or thereabouts; and there is also a certain Common Pasture called the Horse Wold, Cow Wold, and Sheep Wold, which contains Onethoufandeight hundred Acres or thereabouts; and there are also certain ancient Lanes or Common or Waste Lands, which contain Two Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Most Noble William Duke of Devonshire is Lord of the Manor of Middleton aforesaid, and as such is entitled to the Right of Soil in and over the said Common Pasture called the Horse Wold> Cow Wold, and Sheep Wold, and the said Common, and Waste Lands, and is entitled in respect of Middle Hill Sheep Walk [hoc. (ft Per.] 161 to

14-14

Commission-

eis.

Two Commissioners may aft.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

to Three hundred and sixty Sheep Gates upon the said Common Pasture: And whereas the Reverend Edward Brearey is Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Middleton aforesaid, and is also the Rector thereof, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands and Rights of Common in the said Township of Middleton, and also to the Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, Wool, and Lamb, and all other Tythes both Great and Small arising within the said Township of Middleton: And whereas the Reverend John Clark is Patron of the Rectory of Goodmanham in the said Riding, and is also the RedOr thereof, and as such is entitled to Four hundred Sheep Gates upon the said Common Pasture: And whereas the Right Honourable John Lord Muncaster is entitled to Six hundred and eighty Sheep Gates upon the said Common Pasture: And whereas the said William Duke of Devonshire and Edward Brearey, and also Sir Mark Majlerman Sykes Baronet, Richard Confit Gentleman, and several other Persons, are the Proprietors of the Lands in the said Open Fields, and entitled to Rights of Common in the said Common Pasture and Common and Waste Lands: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ail certain Provisions vftially hftrted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fails usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and the fame and the said Common Pasture, Common and Waste Lands are so circumstanced as to render the Cultivation and Management thereof in their present State inconvenient, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors thereof and all Persons interested therein, if the said Open and Common Fields, and Common Pasture, Lanes, or Common and Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights and‘interests,'and a Satisfaction made for the Tythes arising within the Township of Middleton aforesaid; but such beneficial, Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Dawson of Tadcaster in the County of York, "John Lee of Enholmts in the Parish of Patrington in the same County, and John Dickinson of Beverley Park in the Parish of Saint John of Beverley in the same County, Gentlemen, and their Successors to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners foT dividing and allotting all the Open and Common Fields and Common Pasture, Lanes, or Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Middleton aforesaid, and for carrying the several other Purposes of this Act into Execution, subject to the Regulations of the said former Act, except in such Cases where the same are hereby varied or altered; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things done by any Two of the said Commissioners, shall be to all Intents and Purposes binding and conclusive, and equally valid and effectual, as if the fame were transaded by all the said Commissioners: Provided nevertheless, that all the said Coin-missioners shall be present on making the Valuation, Division, and Allotment under or by virtue of this or the said former Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. jg.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said William Dawson shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, or become incapacitated to ad, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said William Duke ol Devonshire, his Heirs or Assigns, within Thirty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be made known to him by Notice in Writing from the surviving or remaining Commissioners or either of them, which they are hereby authorized and required to give, to appoint a new Commissioner not interested in the said inclosure, in the Head of the said William Dawson, and so as often as any Commissioner to be appointed in the room or stead of the said William Dawson shall die, refuse, or become incapacitated to ad; and if the said John Lee shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, or become incapacitated to ad, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Edward Brearey and his Successors, Redors of the Rectory of Middleton aforesaid, within Thirty Days next after Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to him or them by the surviving or remaining Commissioners or either of them, which they are hereby authorized and required to give, to appoint a new Commissioner not interested in the said inclosure, in the Head of the said John Lee, and so as often as any Commissioner to be appointed in the room or Head of the said John Lee shall die, refuse, or become incapacitated to act; and if the said Joseph Dickinson or any Commissioner to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, or become incapacitated to act, then and in every such Case a new Commissioner net interested in the said inclosure shall be chosen in the Head of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapacitated to act, by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors of or Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields and Common Palture, Lanes, Common and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, who shall be present at any Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, within Twenty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at least shall be given in the Parish Church of Middleton aforesaid upon a Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed on the outer Door of the fame Church, and also by Notice to be given in the York Courant or Hull Packet, or some other publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood of Middleton aforesaid; and every such Appointment of a new Commissioner shall be reduced into Writing and signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and shall be forthwith delivered to the remaining or surviving Commissioner or Commissioners; and every Commissioner so to be appointed and chosen shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution, in all Respects whatsoever, as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall have been so appointed and chosen was inverted with by virtue of this Act; and in case no such Election of a Commissioner shall be made at such Meeting, or if no Appointment of a Commissioner shall be made as aforesaid, in either of the first mentioned Cases the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall and may and they and he are and is hereby required, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose by an Instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals or his Hand and Seal, forthwith to appoint One other Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act in the room and stead of each Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, refusing, or becoming

1415

Appointment ot new Commissioners.

1416 43° GEORGII III.- Cap. 79,

coming incapacitated to act, whose Place shall not have been filled up as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize and empower the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs or Assigns, or the said Edward Breary or his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, to vote in the Choice or Election of any Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place or Stead of the said Joseph Dickinson, who hath been appointed by the other Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields and Common Pasture, Lanes, Common and Waste Lands, thereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or of any of his Successors.

Notice of

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Meetings. gliey are hereby required to give Notice in the York Courant or Hull Packet, or in some other Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of Middleton and also in the Parish Church of Middleton aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the fame Church, of the Time and Place of their first and every subsequent Meeting for executing the Powers hereby and by the said former Act verted in them, at lead Ten Days before any such Meetings shall be held (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) so as such Place of Meeting whether by Adjournment or otherwise, do not exceed the Distance of Eight Miles from the Parish Church of Middleton aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, for the due Execution of this or the said former Act; and in case all the said Commissioners shall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be so adjourned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Commissioner present to adjourn to such other Time and Place within the Distance aforesaid, as shall be by him or them attending deemed most convenient, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day on which such Meeting ought to have been held, and shall cause Notice of such last mentioned Adjournment to be given to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners.

other Noiictt

IV. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or

how to be requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be (o

made and given by Advertisement in the said Newspaper, called the York Courant, or the Hull Packet, or in case the same shall not be then pub-

hilled, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said

County of York.

Appointment V. And be it further enacted, That Samuel Dickinson of IValkington 01 Survey. pacj^e in the P,irish of Walkinpon, in the said County of York, Gentleman, shall be and is hereby appointed the Surveyor for the Purpose of making a Survey and Admeasurement of all the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and also of all the Garths, Gardens, Orchards, ancient inclosed Lands, and other tytheable Places within the To\ynship of Middleton aforesaid, in such Manner as directed in and by the said former Act; and such Surveyor shall have and is hereby inverted' with the fame Powers and Authority as if he had been originally appointed by the said Commissioners under and by virtue of the same Act; and in case of his Death, Refusal, or Incapacity toad, or in case he shall not proceed to make such Survey and Adincafureu'iem with

1417

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

such Expedition as the said Commissioners shall think proper, then the fame Survey and Admeasurement shall be made by such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, in the Place and Stead of him the said Samuel Dickinson, under and by virtue of the Power and Authority for such Purpose given in and by the said former Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, or Interest* which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in or to the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or touching or concerning the respective Shares or Allotments which they or any of them ought to have of or in the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or Interest in, over, or upon the Latidsand Ground* hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of York, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners shall cause an Action

[Lee. ft? Per.~] 16 K to

Commissio n-er* to settle Dispute*.

Power* to *ffcf. Costs.

Allowing Parties to try their Rights by an Issue at Law.

1418

Tf any of the Parties die Proceedings r.ot to abate.

Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pits,

Allotment in lieu of ReAors Glebe and Right of Common,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

to be brought upon a feigned IiTue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, and accept One or more Blue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, such Ill'ue or Iflites to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action. or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or dii'allow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objeding not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties, in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and award unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the Township of Middleton aforesaid, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as they shall think necessary, as and for publick Stone Quarries and Gravel Pits, and for the burning of Lime and getting of Stone for Buildings and repairing of Iioufes and Buildings, and the iame Part and Parts when set out shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways and by the Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the same Township for the Time being, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award director appoint: Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall be permitted to burn Lime in the Common Pits so set out as aforesaid, unless he be a Proprietor of Land in the Open Fields of Middleton aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set out, allot, and award unto the said Edward Breary and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory of Middleton, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby c-r t directed

*4*9

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

directed to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands and Rights of Common in the said Township of Middleton now belonging to the said Rector.

XII. And, in order to the making an adequate Compensation to the ^'"^Great said Rector and his Successors, for the Great and Small Tythes and other and Small Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments arising, growing, renewing, increasing, Tythes. happening, or payable within the Township of Middleton aforesaid, except as next herein-after excepted; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and award, unto and for the said Edward Brearey and his Successors, Rectors as aforesaid, for and in lieu of all Tythes both Great and Small, and all Compositions or other Payments in lieu of Tythes and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever (except Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees) arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening, or payable within the Township of Middleton aforesaid, such Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of the said Open and Common Fields, to Two-fifteenth Parts of the said Common Pasture, Lanes, Common and Wafts Lands, and to One-seventh Part of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Township of Middleton, which are now respectively subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes in kind to the said Edward Brearey and his Successors Rectors as aforesaid, and which shall remain after the Allotment or Allotments herein-before directed to be made shall have been set out and deducted.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case there are any Homefleads, Piymentto be Gardens, Orchards, or ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Town- xythe^of the ship of Middleton aforesaid, subject or liable to the Payment of Tythes in old inciofure* kind, or to any Composition in lieu of Tythes, the respective Proprietors ^a"srtam whereof shall not happen to be entitled to any or a sufficient specific Allotment of Land to make Compensation for the Tythes, or any Rent or Composition payable out of such Homefleads, Gardens, Orchards, or

ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds respectively in lieu of Tythes, such Proprietors shall respectively pay or cause to be paid unto the said Edward Brearey and his Successors Rectors as aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Tythes or other Payments-issuing or payable out of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient in-doled Lands and Grounds respectively, or for such Part thereof for which a Compensation in Land cannot be made by the Proprietors thereof as aforesaid; and the same Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Edward Brearey and his Successors, in such Proportions and Manner and at such Times as they the said Commissioners shall direct, by even Half-yearly Payments in each Year for ever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Share or Proportion of Fur Recovary the said Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of such Share or ^eJtythe Proportion, shall be in Arrear or unpaid for the Space of Thirty Days nerst

after any of the Half-yearly Days which shall be appointed for Payment thereof, then and.To often it shall be lawful for the said Edward Brearey and his Successors to enter into and make Distress of any Goods, Cattle, or

Chattels

1420

Tythu to the Keiior to be payable until Allotments are made.

Allotments to the Restor to be Ring-fenced, ic.

Manorial Allotment.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

Chattels which shall be found upon such specific Part or Share of the said Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds, which shall by virtue of this Act be charged with, or out of or in respect of which shall be payable, that divided Share or Proportion of the said Sum or Sums of Money so in Arrear and unpaid } and the Distrjtfs or Distreffes then and there found and taken shall from Time to Time be subject to be disposed of according to the Laws now in force concerning Distress for Rent reserved upon Common Leases, until thereby or therewith or otherwise all Arrears of the said Dividend, Share, or Proportion of the said Sum or Sums of Money, which shall be so due and unpaid, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Distress or Distresses, Sale and Disposition, and all Damages to be sustained by reason of the Non-payment thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XV. And be it further enacted, That until the said Division afld Allotment shall be made, and the several Allotments shall be flaked out in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, the said Rector and his Successors shall be entitled to and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes as he the said Rector or his Successors could, might, or ought to have received, in case this Act had not passed: Provided nevertheless, that the said Rector or his Successor shall not be entitled to or demand any Agift-ment Tythe from the End of the Year previous to the new Allotments being known.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments of Land and Ground so to be set out and allotted to and for the said Edward Brearey and his Successprs, Rectors as aforesaid, shall be inclosed and fenced round with Pods and Rails, Ditches and Quickset Hedges, and other proper Mounds and Fences, at the Expence of the several other Proprietors of the Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act, in such Shares and Proportions as they the said Commissioners shall direct; and the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award direct and appoint what Part of the said Ditches, Mounds, and Fences, shall afterwards belong to the said Rector and his Successors, and what Part to any other of the said Proprietors; and the said Ditches, Mounds, and Fences, when properly made, shall thereafter for ever be maintained, supported, and scoured out by and at the Expence of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be ordered and appointed to belong as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said William Duke of Devonshire, as Lord of the Manor of Middleton aforesaid, and such other Person or Persons as for the "lime being shall be the Owner or Owners of the said Manor, such Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as shall in the judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One-sixteenth Part of the remaining Thirteen Fifteenth Parts of the said Common Pasture, Common and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, the same to be in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for all Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the fame Common Pasture.

14 2 I

43° GDORGII III. Cap. yt).

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the said "Sir Mark Master-nan Sykrs shall contribute toward? the Allotment herein.before required to be set out unto the said- VAltiam Duke of Dtvonjhirt as Lord of the Manor of Mid&toa aforesaid, alter ;uch a Rateiandrin such Proportion only as he the ('aid Sir I.la-k Mbfterman Sykes would have been Table to contribute in cale One ^Eighteenth Parc iqlfead of One Sixteenth Part of the said Thirteen Ftfreen Parts of the said Gbmmon failure, Common ami Waste Lands, had been required to be allotted to the said William Duke o:\Dcz-Dfthire as Lord of- the' Manor of Middilton aforesaid, and the several remaining" Owners or Proprietors of ancient Messuages or Cottages, or Suites thereof respectively, having Right of Common or other Interefr in or upon the said Common Palture,

Common and Waste Lands (except the said William I>uke of Devonjhtre) shall and they are hereby required jointly to contribute towards making up the said Deficiency or Difference between the said Eighteenth Part To required to be given by the said Sir Mark Maderman Sykes, and the said Sixteenth Pan herein-before required to be allotted to the said William Duke of Devonshire.

XIX. And whereas the Parifit Clerk of Middleton aforesaid, is by I'arifhcink't Custom annually entitled, as such Clerk, to One Shilling for every Mef- 1 ' IJlU'c',t-iuage and to Five-pence for every Cottage' in Middleton aforesaid, and also to other Perquisites and Advantages in the said Parish of Middleton; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Parish Clerk and his Successors Parish Clerks as aforesaid, such Compensation for the fame in Land out of the Lid Open Fields and Lands hereby directed to be inclosed or some Part thereof, as to the said Commissioners shall seem sufficient, just, and reasonable.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and f""1' they are hereby required in the next Place to set out, allot, and award all o^n Fields, the Residue and Remainder of the said Open and Common Fields by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the said William Duke of De'vonshire, Edicard Drearev, Sir Mark Masterman Sykes, and Richard Conftt, and all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who at the Time of making such Allotment shall be entitled to any Estate, Property, Right, or Interest therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions as by the said Commissioner shall be adjudged and deemed to be a Compensation and Satisfaction for the several and respective Lands and Grounds, Rights and Interests of each and every of the said Proprietors.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall General Allot-and they are hereby required in the next Place to set put, allot, and award all the Residue and Remainder of the said Common Palture, Lanes, Failure. Common and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided and inclosedj unto and amongst the said William Duke of De'vonshire, John Clark, and John Lord huncaster, in respect of their several Sheep Gates herein-befbte mentioned, and the several Owners or Proprietors of ancient Messuages ' or Cottages, or Scites thereof respectively, having Right of Common or other Interest in or upon the said Common Pasture, Lanes, Common and Waste Lands, according to their several and respective Estates and Inte-[Loc. (s’ Per.]] 16 L rests

1422

Allotments may be made in Cns Field, in lieu of Lands in another field, etc.

Common Rights may be

lo d lep.irate from Houses.

For vacating Leases at Rack Rent,fifr.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

rests therein, without having any Regard to the Value of the Lands belonging to such Owners or Proprietors of ancient Messuages1 or Coctages, or Sciies thereof respectively as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made as aforesaid, to and amongst the said Tythe Owner and other Proprietors and Perl'ons as aforesaid, shall be so made as near to and with as much Convenience for them and their several Efhates as may be; and that any Allotment or Allotments in any of the said Open Fields, may be made for or in lieu of Lands in any other or others of them, or for or in lieu of Common Rights or other Interests belonging to any of the said Proprietors in or upon the said Common Pasture, Lanes, Common and Waste Lands; and also any Allotment or Allotments in or upon the said Common Pasture, Lanes, Common and Waste Lands may be made for and in lieu of Lands and Grounds belonging to any of the said Proprietors in or upon the said Open Arable Fields or any of them; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons entitled to any Right of Common in or upon the said Common Pasture, Lanes, Common and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as appurtenant to any Messuages or Cottages, or Scites of Messuages or Cottages, having such Right of Common as aforesaid in the said Township of Middleton, at any Time before the forming and drawing up of the said Award of the said Commissioners, to sell or dispose of his, her, or their Interest in such Right of Common, in or upon the fame Common Pasture, Lanes, Common or Waste Lands, separate and apart from the Messuage or Cottage, or Scite thereof, in re-spedl whereof he, she, or they shall be entitled to such Right of Common; and every such Sale being let forth and specified in the Award of the said Commissioners, shall be good, valid, and effectual without making or executing any Deed or other Conveyance for conveying the fame from the Seller to the Purchaser.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Leases and Agreements fdr Leases upon Rack Rent or from Year to Year now subsisting, of all or any Part of the Tythes aforesaid, or of all and every or any Part or Parts of the Messuages or Tenements, old Inclosuics, Lands or Grounds, Hereditaments and Premises, within the said Township and Manor shall, at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the outer Door of the Parish Church of Middleton aforesaid, shall direct, cease and be void; and the respective Owners and Proprietors of the Hereditaments and Premises so let or agreed to be let, making such Satisfaction in Money to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants as the said respective Owners and Proprietors and their Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, shall agree upon; or upon Application made in Writing by either Party to the said Commissioners, then as the said Commissioners shall order and direct to be paid to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants as an Equivalent or Satisfaction for the Loss or Losses he, she, or they shall respectively suffer on /Recount of the Determination of such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements as aforesaid; proper Allowance being made for such Conditions in the same as have not been fulfilled by the Lessee or Lessees: Provided always, that

1423

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

if there shall be any such Lease or Agreement for a Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Township and Manor and Part in any adjoining Township, Hamlet, or Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, may be vacated as aforesaid; but where my Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under any such Lease or Agreement and wholly situated in an adjoining Township, Hamlet, or Parish, the Lease or Agreement of such last mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

Feness arc put up.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs, Horses, >jj Sheep Asses, horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geese, shall be depaltured or kept in any Lambs to tv of the said new intended Inclosures, during the Space of Fourteen Years newli'vcloftires from the Execution of the said Award of the said Commissioners, unless during ti.e the Persons respectively so depasturing or keeping such Sheep or Lambs,

Horses, Asses, horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geese therein, do at their own unless guard Expence Staffhold the fame, or effectually guard and fence the Quickset Hedges on any other Person’s Allotment adjoining to such Inclosures respectively, in which Sheep or Lambs, Horses, Alfes, horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geese shall be depaflured and kept as aforesaid, so as to prevent any Damage or Injury being done to such Fences or Quicksets, by any such Sheep or Lambs, Horses, Asses, horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geese; and the Person or Persons respectively depasturing or keeping the same as aforesaid, and neglecting or refilling to Staffhold the fame or guard the said Quickset Hedges, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings for every such Offence, which when levied shall be paid to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township of Middleton for the Time being, and be applied by hjm or them in the Amendment of such Highways.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall from and N'o Cattle to after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners turn or put, the Roads.'m° orcaufeto be turned or put, or knowingly suffer to be turned or put, any of his, her, or their Sheep or Lambs, Horses, Asses, horned Cattle,

Pigs, or Geese, into any of the Roads to be set out by virtue of this Act, which shall be fenced on both Sides thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, whose Hedges, Fences, Crop, or Grounds shall be damaged thereby, or any other Person or Persons, to impound the fame; and every such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence of which he, she, or they shall be convicted before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the East Riding of the County of York (not interested in the Matter in question) upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer), forfeit and pay such Sum or Sums of Money from Time to Time, not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Forty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings, over and above the Sum estimated to be the Amount of the Damage to be sustained thereby, as the said Justice shall think just and reasonable, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so offending, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, at any Time within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence committed, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Conviction, Warrant, Distress, and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels so distrained and fold;

which

4 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

which Penalty or Penalties'when so recovered shall be paid to the Surveyor or fur vevors of the I'hhways-for the Time being'of the said Trfwnffiip cf Mil’,i'eten, and shall he by him or them applied in the Amendment of the Highways of the fr-.e Tn.vuship; and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Per !ty with the Charges shall not be forthwith paid it (half and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand or Seal, to commit such Offender or Oifenders, Perfm or Pet Ions, liable to pay the fame respectively, to the Common Gaol of the Limit w here the Offence shall be committed, or such Order as aforesaid shall be made, for any Time not exceeding Six Weeks nor less than Fourteen Days; unless the said Penalty with the Charges shall be sooner paid , and that after the Execution of the Awv.rd of the said Commissioners, the Herbage and Produce of all the publick Roads within the said Township of Middleton, which shall be fenced on both Sides thereof, and also the Herbage and Produce of the Ground so to be set out as aforesaid for getting Stone, Gravel, and other Materials for the Repairs of the Highways, shall be vested in the said Surveyor or Surveyors respectively, and shall by him or them be publickly let to the best Bidder or Bidders, for the Purpose of mowing only, and the Rents or Profits thereof shall be applied towards the Reparation of the several Highways within the said Township of Middleton, and shall be accounted for by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the same Township annually, on or about the Tenth Day of October, at a publick Meeting to be called for that Purpose in the said Township of Middleton.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments which o'.'he shall be set out and allotted by virtue of this Act ^except the Allotments _to be made to the said Rector and his Successors as aforesaid), shall be in-doled and fenced in such Manner, and such Fences shall be made and for ever thereafter maintained, supported, scoured out, and kept in Repair, by and at the Expence of such Person and Persons as the said* Commissioners shall direct or appoint in and by their Award.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such convenient Openings rtai«s shall be left in the said Fences mid Inclosures as the said Commissioners shall direct, for the Space ol Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages through the lame; unless the l id Commissioners shall sooner permit the same to be made up’ by the Person or Persons interested therein.

"'if'0?-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby requited as form; iter the passing of this Act as conveniently 'try. may be, by feme W filing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed upon a A;:.-',’ on the outer Door of the Parish Church of Middleton aforesaid, to order and direct the Course or Husbandry that shall be used in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds directed by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the Division and Allotment thereof, as well witlvrespect to the laying down, ploughing, lowing, fallowing, manuring, and tilling thereof, as to the flocking and eating the Fallows or Stubbles, and also the cutting, digging, or getting of Whins, Furze, or Thorns upon the fame Lands and Grounds; and hv the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed in Manner aforesaid, shall and may make

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79. 1425

finch Orders, Rules, and Regulations for preventing Waite or Detraction upon any of the said Lands and Grounds, in the mean Time and until such Division and Allotment shall be effected, as to them shall seem expedient; all which Rules, Orders, and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties interested, and their Tenants or Occupiers; and the said Commissioners shall set and impose such Penalties and Forfeitures on every Person not conforming to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as they shall think necessary.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Satufaflion by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed upon the £"rbftea^j^e outer Door of the said Parish Church of Middleton, ascertain, order, and <;orps. ' S appoint what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crops growing at the Time the said intended Division and Allotments shall be made for the said Crops, by the Person or Persons to whom the Lands on which such Crops are growing, shall be allotted; and also what Recompence and Satisfaction in Money shall be paid, and by whom, to any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Land within the said Township of Middleton, as well for ploughing, tilling, and manuring of any of the Lands or Grounds which shall be allotted to any other Person or Persons, for the Profit and Advantage which such Person or Persons will obtain thereby, as for any Lof* or Disadvantage which any such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall or may fultain by the Loss of their following or waygoing Crops in any of the Open Fields, or by Means of the said Division and Inclosure; and if in any of such Cases such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be made at the Time and in Manner to be appointed by the said Commissioners, then the said Comm ffioners shall and may by Warrant or War* rants under their Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Warrant or Warrants they are hereby authorized and empowered to grant accordingly), cause the same to be levied by D iff refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Pefon or Persons required to make such Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, together with the Coils and Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners commission-shall be paid the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day *" ’r'^Allow lie shall travel or be necessarily employed and engaged from Home for the °W'

Purpose of executing this Act, or the Trusts hereby in him reposed, for his Journey, Attendance, Labour, and Expences occasioned by the said Division and Inclosure, and the putting this Act in Execution; and that the said Surveyor shall be paid after |the Rate of One Shilling for every Acre of the said Open Fitlds, Lands, and Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed, and alter the Rate of Eight-pence for every Acre of the ancient inclosed Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be surveyed and admeasured in pursuance of this Act, as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for his Time and Trouble, and for all incidental Expences and Charges of him the said Surveyor in attending the said Commissioners, and in surveying, planning, and subdividing the said Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, and of surveying and planning the said ancient inclosed Lands.

ft? YVr.J

16 M

1426

D images to

b* rt covered toi 1 ot Keeping Fencet,»/f. inKepair.

For defraying the Charge 1 and Kxptnces of obtuning and executing tlds Act.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons by whom any Roads, Hedges, Fences, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Sewers, Bridges, Gates, Stiles, or other Works and Improvements, shall be ordered or directed by the said Commissioners to be maintained, cleansed, and kept in Repair, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, shall neglect or refuse to maintain, cleanse, and keep in Repair the fame or any Part thereof for the Space of Twenty-one Days after Notice given by the Person or Persons aggrieved, of any Default therein, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall be damaged or aggrieved thereby, to make Complaint thereof upon Oath or Affirmation before any One Justice of the Peace for the Fall Riding of the County of York aforesaid (not interested in the Matter in question), who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath or Affirmation, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint in a summary Way, and for that Purpose to summon the Party or Parties so accused, or upon his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal to appear, except for some reasonable Excuse, to examine Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation every such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and thereupon to give Judgement accordingly, and condemn the Party or Parties accused in such Penalty or Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money from Time to Time (not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Five Pounds) as he the said Justice shall think just and Teafon-able; and thereupon to issue a Warrant undeT his Hand and Seal to cause such Penalty or Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, together with reasonable Cods, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; which Penalty or Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money, when so recovered shall be paid to the Person or Persons so damaged or aggrieved as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Colls, Charges, and Expences of inclosing the Allotments herein directed to be made to the said Edward Brearey and his Successors Rectors as aforesaid, in lieu of the said Glebe Land and Tythes, and all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Act, and of surveying, ad-measuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, (save and except the Expences of Exchanges and Partitions as after mentioned) shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the said Edward Breary and his Successors for or in respect of any Allotment and Allotments which shall be made to him and them in lieu of Glebe Land and Tythes); which said Colls, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be adjusted and settled by the

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

aid Commissioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to make and form Estimates of all such Colls, Charges, and Expences, and to raise the Amount of such Estimates by Rate or Rates, at any Time after the Allotments shall have been staked out and confirmed from Time to Time as they shall deem necessary and proper, in Manner directed in and by the said recited Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of Exchanges or Partitions under and by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct, and the same shall and may (in case of Nonpayment thereof) be recovered by Distress and Sale, in such Manner as the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act are by the said recited Act directed to be recovered.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners in Manner directed by the said former Act, shall within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Execution thereof, be enrolled in the Publick Register Office at Beverley, in the said East Riding of the said County of York; and the Register of the said Office or his Deputy for the Time being is and are hereby directed to cause the said Award to be enrolled in One of the Books used for enrolling Bargains and Sales of Lands in the said Office accordingly; and a true Copy (to besigned by the said Commissioners) of the Map or Plan annexed to such Award, shall be also lodged at the said Register Office at the Time of the Inrolment of the said Award, and there kept for ever; and the said Award together with the Map or Plan thereto annexed, shall immediately after the Inrolment of such Award, be put into and kept in a Tin Box, and be lodged for safe Custody in the Chest of the Church of Middleton aforesaid, for ever, for the Inspection and Perusal of the several Persons interested therein or their respective Agents, who shall be at Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame on Application for such Purpose at all seasonable Times, and to make Copies or Extracts therefromand the said Register shall be entitled to such Fees for the Inrolment of the said Award as he is entitled to for inrolling any Bargain and Sale; and the said Register or his Deputy for the Time being shall permit any Person or Persons whomsoever from Time to Time, within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse the Inrolment of the said Award at the Register Office, and to inspect and examine such Copy of the said Map or Plan, paying for the same to such Register or his Deputy One Shilling and no more; and shall also from Time to Time upon Request to him made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause a true Copy of the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Inrolment of the said Award to be made and written out from such Inrolment, and shall from Time to "l ime when requested certify the fame under his Hand to be a true Copy from such Inrolment, for which the said Register or his Deputy making the same shall be paid after the Rate of Sixpence per Sheet, reckoning One hundred Words to each Sheet and no more; and the Paid original Award or a true Copy of the Inrolment thereof or any Part thereof, so certified under the Hand of the said Register or his Deputy for the Time being as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

I427

Mode of recovering the Expences.

Expences of Exchangee how to be paid.

Award.

1428

Freehold Lard to be dieting uished from Copy-hold.

Allotments to the Proprietors having Lands, tic. held under different Titles.

Supplemental Instrument maybe executed by the Commissioners subsequent to the Award for supplying Omissions in certain Cases.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners in making the several Allotments hereby directed to be made, shall in their said Award take Notice of, distinguish, and set forth whether the same are Freehold or Copyhold within and Part of the Manor of Middleton aforesaid; and that the several and respective Proprietors to whom any such Copyhold Lands shall be allotted by the said Award, shall within. Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof be admitted Tenants to the fame Lands by the Lord of the fame Manor of Middleton, and entered on the Rolls of the fame Manor, without paying any Fine for the fame, and after such Admittance the fame Copyhold or Customary Lands shall be at all Times held under and subject to such Uses, Estates, Tenures, Fines, Rents, and other Payments, as the Copyhold or Customary Premises in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, are now held under and subject to; and that all other Parts of the Lands directed to be allotted as aforesaid, (except what shall be so a!certained to be Copyhold Lands as aforesaid) shall from thenceforth be deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Land, subject to such Free Rents, Payments, and Services as are now payable out of or in respect of the Lands or Hereditaments for which they shall have been allotted, except as to such Leases and Agreements as shall be determined under this Act, or when any other Provision of this or the said former Act shall be to the contrary; but such Allotments shall nevertheless be subject to such Charges and Incumbrances thereon as shall be made in pursuance of the said former or of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be allotted, partitioned, or exchanged by virtue of this or the said former Act, shall hold their respective Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenure', or for different Estates, Or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall, upon the Request of such respective Proprietors in Writing under their Hands, ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments held by eaeh of such Tenures, for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively, and shall accordingly in their said Award set out and distinguish distinct and several Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments; and where from the Want of the necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall omit diferiminating as herein-before is mentioned such different Titles and different Estates, and different Tenures, and after the making of the said Award, Request shall be made to the said Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a separate Instrument or Instruments, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do everything necessary for supplying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose shall require to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and ad as if the Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained what they shall think sufficient Information, they are hereby also authorized by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to ascertain and distinguish the Difference of Tenures, Estates, and 1 itles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required where such Determination should be contained in the said Award; and every such separate Instrument after having been duly executed by the said Commissioners.

1429

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

lionets, shall have the fame Effect as if it was contained in the said Award, and shall be delivered unto the Person or Persons upon whose Request the said Omission shall have been supplied, or the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning tht Title to the Prc-mises in question shall in the Opinion of the said Commissioners moll properly belong for the Time being; and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in and about any such supplementary Instrument as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in each and Commimon- every Year, during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed Accounts'b=-from the Day of the passing thereof), the said Commissioners shall and they fore a Bar-are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all ruter'

Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them referred to, and laid before Robert Osborne of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, in the County of the fame Town, Esquire,

Barrister at Law, to be by him examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Referee stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said jn careof his Robert Osborne, or any future Referee to be appointed as herein-after is Death, mentioned, shall die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as a f"reVfo be'" Referee as aforesaid, before the Matters and Things to be done by virtue appointed, of this Act shall be fully performed, it shall be lawful for the Majority in Value of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grouuds hereby authorized to be divided and inclosed, assembled at a Meeting specially convened for that Purpose by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, to be affixed on the outer Door of the said Parish Church of Middleton, and also by Advertisement in the said Newspapers called the York Courant and Hull Packet, or in One of them, or in some other Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of Middleton aforesaid, Ten Days at the least before the Time appointed for holding such Meeting, to appoint by Writing under the Hands of such Majority, some other fit and proper Person (not incerested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Referee for the Purpose aforesaid, in the Place and Stead of the said Robert Osborne, or of such other Referee as aforesaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Charge or Item in such Ac- Accounts not counts shall be binding on any of the Parties interested, until the same shall E

have been duly allowed by the said Robert Osborne or such other Referee Referee." as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal to the think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- Quaker fuance of this Act, (other than and except such Acts, Orders, and Deter- ' icns' urinations of the said Commissioners, as in and by this or the said former Act are dirtfted to be final and conclusive, or where an issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) he, she, or they may appeal to the [Loc. y Per.] j6 N General

1430

[Publick Act.]

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said East Riding of the County of York, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen , on giving to the said Commissioners and to the Party or Parties concerned Twenty Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices not interested in the Premises in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and award such Colls and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colls and Damages, which shall be so awarded by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Diitrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Colls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall leem reasonable and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed may be given in Evidence in ali Courts of Justice and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall takejudicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

rwifthflfliiiii nfh t rtO

AmdCJU' 'sai>i.iW. <#istfw&W

Ali IvM

i-rt> .»

4wl

rtiU1 Rtfls l)‘> *>v’

Vr

13 stafM*'

bivi .<w-l -^.nKd'* oJiJ*;

? & ioj H&it&fff

sl4 iti*iisiA^Jdr wjs .&

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 80.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding of the County of York. [nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding of the County of York, several Open Arable Fields, containing together, by Estimation, Three hundred and seventy-five Acres or thereabouts; and certain Commons or Wades called Clifford Moor and Grange Moor, containing together by Edimation, Four hundred and sixty Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas Sir Thomas Gascoigne Baronet, is Lord of the Manor of Clifford aforesaid, and entitled to the Soil of all the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and to all the Royalties belonging to the said Manor: And whereas the said Sir ‘Thomas Gascoigne, James Fox Esquire, Richard Thompson Esquire, and several other Persons are Owners and Proprietors of Messuages and Cottages, or Scites of Messuages and Cottages, Lands, and Grounds within the said Manor of Clifford, and entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and to Right of Average in the said Fields, or some Part ['Loc. Ss5 Per.'] 16 0 thereof:

I

I

1434

4i Geo. 3.

Commissioner.

Appointment of CJommissioner in case ot Vacancy.

Notice of C immission-<r's Attendance to receive Claims.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. So.

thereof: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on th passing of such Acts: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the said Proprietors within the said Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to all Perl'ons interested in the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and also of publick Utility, if the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein; but as the fame cannot be effecded without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by William Shipton of Green Ham-merton, in the said County of York, Gentleman, or his Successor, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, who is hereby appointed foie Commissioner for carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, subject to the Regulations of the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the lame are hereby varied or altered.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said William Shipton, or any other Commissioner to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or shall neglect, refuse, or become incapable of acting or carrying this Act into Execution, that then it shall and may be lawful, to and for the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, or the major Part in Number and Value of the other Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Open Fields. Commons, and Waste Grounds, by themselves or their Agents, who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose, at some convenient Place in the Township of Clifford aforesaid, in pursuance of a Notice to be given in the Leeds Intelligencer, and also in the Parish Church of Brambom, immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed on the Fiont Door of the said Church, at lead fen Days before such Meeting, (which Notice any l’ropi ietor of, or Perl’on interested in the said Open Fields, Common^, or Waste Grounds is hereby authorized to give), by Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of their Agents duly authorized, to elect and appoint some fit and proper Person, not interested in the said Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place of the said William Shipton, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissionerto be appointedas aforesaid, shall die, or refuse, or neglect to act in the Execution hereof; and every Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution as the said William Shipton is hereby dwelled witii, in all Rel'pests whatsoever, until the said Division and Allotment of the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, shall be completely effected and carried into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby directed to cause Notice to be published in the Parish Church of

Bramham

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 8o.

Bramham aforesaid, on some Sunday during Divine Service, and by Writing to be affixed on the principal Door of the said Church, and also to be published Once at leal! in the said Newspaper of the Time and Place of his beginning to put this Act in Execution; and also of such other Day or Days as he shall appoint for receiving the Ciaims of any Person or Persons, cr Bodies Politick or Corporate, to any Share, Right, or Inte-relt in the said Open Fields, or any Average therein, or any Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclol'ed, so as the Place of Attendance to be mentioned in every such Notice be within Five Miles of the Town of Clifford aforesaid, and so as every such Notice be given Ten Days at lealf before the First Day so to be appointed; and the said Commissioner shall and may af erwards proceed in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time acijourn to such Time and Place as he shall think proper.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices ne-eefiary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioner, shall be so made and given by Advertisement in the said Leeds Intelligencer or in some other Newspaper princed or circulated in the said West Riding of the County of York.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors shall at all Attendances upon the said Commissioner for executing this Act, pay their own Expences, and also the Expences of their own separate Agents or Solicitors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons and Bodies Politick Or Corporate having or claiming any Lands, or Rights of Common, or other Right or Interest: in or upon any of the said Open Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, shall, and they are hereby required by them-lelves or their Agents, to lay all such their respective Claims, in Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of their Agents, before the said Commissioner, upon such Day or Days as he shall in Manner aforesaid appoint for receiving such Claims, together with a Description of their re-l'peftive Open Field Lands, and also of their reflective Rights of Common, or other Right respectively as aforesaid, and in respect of what Messuages, Cottages or Scites thereof, Lands, Tenements, Grants, Privileges, or Prescriptions they claim the fame; and all Persons and Bodies Politick or Corporate neglecting lo to lay or cause to be laid such their Claims, with such Descriptions of their respective Interest, before the said Commissioner as aforesaid, shall be, and he, she, or they are hereby excluded and debarred of and from all Right, Title, and Interest: in and to the said Open Fields, Commons, and Walle Grounds respectively, and from any Part, Share, Allotment, or Benefit in lieu thereof, unless the said Commissioner shall fee good Cause to prolong the Time for making such Claims; and that all Claims so made as aforesaid shall by the said Commissioner be produced, upon Request of any of the Proprietors interested in the said Division and Inclosure for Examination, and to take Copies thereof, if desired, to the Intent that such Claims may be known and fairly considered; and that all such Claims so made and delivered as aforesaid, and which shall not be objected to within One Month next after the Time so appointed for the Delivery of such Claims respectively, shall be final and conclusive, and shall never afterwards be objected against,

con-

143 5

Other Notice* how to be given.

Proprietors to p y their own Expences.

Claims to be delivered to the Coit.il-honer.

1436

Boundaries.to bt* perambulated, and ' Claims may be tried at Law.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 80.

controverted, or difputtd; and that if upon the Day or Days appointed by the said Commissioner for r< ceiving such Claims, or within One Month next alter the Claim of any Person, or Body Politick or (Corporate, lb made as, aforesaid, shall be objected to by any other Person or Body Politick or Corporate iuterelted in the said Division and Inclosure as aforesaid, or by his, her, or their Agent, in Writing, under his, her, or their Hands, setting forth the Cause or Reason of such Objection; or if the Person or Body Politick or Corporate making fuctiCiaims so objected against as aforesaid, shall perfilt in the Claim or Claims so laid before the said Commissioner as aforesaid, or il any other Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties intereiltd in the said Division, touching of concerning any Matters or Things by this Act to be done and performed, that then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered and required, by examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to administer), and upon orher proper Evidence to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Determination therein as to, him may appear just; and in case the Party or Parties making such Claim or Claims, or the Person or Persons objecting thereto, shall be dil-satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, concerning the said Claim or Claims, then all such Claims and Objections shall be tried by an issue at Law, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

VII. And, for preventing all unnecessary Obstructions and Delays in the said intended Division and Inclosure, and determining all Diderences and Disputes that may arise concerning the Boundaries of the said Commons or Wastes, be it further emitted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to perambulate the Boundaries of the said Commons or Wastes, so far as the lame shall adjoin and lie open to the Commons or Wastes of any other adjoining Manor, first causing Eight Days Notice at the least of the Dry, Hour, and Place, of beginning such Perambulation, to be1 given in W riting, to beaffivedon the great Door of each of the Parish Churches of Ar<vwZ>tf?«aforesaid and oiCcl-/iitgb.vnin the fame West Riding, on I- >me ounday'in the Forenoon; and the said Commifli tierflnli,byfuchPtrainbulationas aforesaid, and by such other leg;'I Ways and Means as he shall think proper, ascertain, fix, and settle, the said Boundaries, and so far as the lame shall adjoin upon the Commons or Wastes of any other Manor or Place, cause the lame to be distimfUy let out and marked by Stakes, Trenches, or otherwise accordingly; and shall cause M. :ice in Writing of the Alcertainment of so much of the said Boundaries To to be marked by Stakes, Trenches, or otherwise as aforesaid, to be affixed upon the aforesaid Church Doors, within Twenty Days next after the said Commissioner shall have afeenained such Boundaries, in order that any disputed Part or Parcs of such Boundaries, or of rite l ands and Premises included in such Perambulation, may be afeer-t,lined and IVtied in Manner herein-after directed; and in case the Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, or Owner or Owners of the Commons or Wastes adjoining to such Boundaries, shall, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or the Hand or Hands of his or their Solicitor, to be delivered to the iaid Commissioner within Six Weeks iirtt alter such Boundaries shall have been set out and marked, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, object to such Boundaries, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful to have the blatter of such Objection or Objections, and the Right - . thereby

*437

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 8b.

thereby disputed, tried at Law, by an Action or Anions to be commenced in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, wherein the Lord of the said Manor of Clifford, and the Person or Persons so objecting to such Boundaries as aforesaid, or any Patt thereof, shall be Parties, upon One or more feigned issue or Issues; which Issue or Issues shall be settled by the proper Officer of the said Court, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; such Action or Actions to be brought or commenced before Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and four, and the Defendant in every such Action, shall and he is hereby required to appear :o such Action, accept a Declaration, and plead to Issue, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall thereupon proceed in such Actions respectively, so. as to have the fame brought to Trial at or before the Lent Assizes to be holden for the County of York, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and four; and the Verdict or Verdicts to be given in such Action or Actions respectively, unless the same shall be set aside by the said Court, and new Trials granted therein, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties; and that such Action or Actions shall not abate by the Death of any Party or Parties to the fame; and the said Court of King’s Bench is hereby empowered and direct-d to award the Costs of such Action or Adtio s, in like Manner, and as is usual in Actions upon the Cafe, in other Cases brought or commenced in that Court; and that all the Cost3 and Charges which shall or may be incurred by the Lord of the said Manor of Clifford, er to which he may be liable for or by reason or on Account of such Action or Actions, shall be borne and paid in such Manner as the Expences of obtaining this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, are herein-after directed to be raised and paid; the same to be paid at such Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall order and direct: Provided always, that if no such Objection shall be made to the said Boundaries, or to the Right of the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne, as Lord of the said Manor of Clifford, or to the Lands and Premises included in such Perambulation, within the Time and in Manner aforesaid; or if, after the making of any such Objection, the Party making the same shall not cause the same to be tried or determined in any such Action or Actions as aforesaid, ihe Boundaries so perambulated, fixed, and settled, by the said Commissioner, shall be binding, final, and conclusive, upon all Parties whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested in the said Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the said Fields, Commons, and Waffes, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner for the Time being to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall authorize any such Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Commissioner, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act, or of any Dispute or Difference between any of the

[Lee. Ss* Per,2 16 P Parties

Commissioner to settle Dif-putesj

but not to determine upon Title.

Power to aflefV Colts.

1438 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 80.

Parties interested in the said Division and Inclosure, shall fre Cause to award any Coils, it shall be lawful for him, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Coils and Charges as he shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties, in whose Favour his Determination shall be made by the Person or Persons, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Coils and Charges, shall neg-le£l or refule to pay the lame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Commissioner, and he is hereby required and authorized, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Coils ;:nd Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so diilrained and fold, after deducting the Coils and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

Allowingf*ar- X. Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons, interested or their°Right» claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall at Law- be dissatisfied with any Determination of any such Commissioner, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Rights or Incerefts in, over, or upon the said fields, Commons, and Wastes, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by such Commissioner, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the West Riding of the said County of York; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, who shall be so dissatisfied with the Determination of such Commissioner, shall cause an Altion to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of such Commissioner shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Altion or Actions shall, and he, she, and they, is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto and file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined; such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Altion or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or VerdiQs, which shall be given in such Action or Allions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Altion or Allions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is ul'ual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, such Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required to all in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the Commissioner for the Time being, touching such Claim or Claims, which shall not be objelled to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting, not causing such Altion or Actions at Law

,0 'To

43° GEORGII III. Cap.Ko. 1439

to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Ac- if Parties die tion to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, Aaionsnot such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in, tU4batc-as if no such Death had happened.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Recompence Commissioner to settle and ascertain what Recompence shall be paid to the course of Owners of any Crop growing upon the said Open Fields at the Time of Husbandry. the Division thereof, for the Value of the said Crop, by the Person or Persons to whom the Land on which such Crop shall be so growing may be allotted, or otherwise that the Owner or Owners of such Crop shall be at Liberty to collect, gather, lead, and carry away the fame within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioner, without any Meleflation or Hindrance of any Person or Persons to whom the Land on which the Crop so growing shall be allotted, making such Satisfaction for the Standage thereof as the said Commissioner shall order and direct; and also to ascertain what Recompence shall be made for the making of Fallows by such Person or Persons to whom such Fallow Grounds shall be awarded, to such Person or Persons as shall have made such Fallows; and that from and immediately after the passing of this Act the said Commissioner shall order, direct, and appoint the Course of Husbandry that shall be used in the said several Open Fields, and the Owners thereof shall be subject and liable to such Directions as the said Commissioner shall within such Time appoint, as well with regard to the flocking, as to the ploughing, tilling, sowing, or laying down the fame; and shall and may in and by any Writing or Writings under the Hand of the said Commissioner set and impose such Penalty on every Person not conforming to such Orders and Directions as he shall think reasonable, not exceeding Five Pounds for each such Offence, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Commissioner by Distrefvand Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, together with the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus (if any), to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand; and all such Orders of the said Commissioner shall be binding and conclusive, as well upon all Parties interested, as upon their Farmers or Tenants.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all subsisting Leases and other Ltafes at Agreements at Rack Rent of all or any Part or Parts of the said Lands Rack Rent and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed, shall immediately *acat<:d-after such Lands and Grounds respectively shall be set out or allotted, or as soon after as the said Commissioner shall by his Award direct, cease, determine, and be void, (in case the Lessors and Lessees do not otherwise agree amongst themselves) j and the respective Owners or Proprietors of the Lands or Grounds comprized in such Leases or Agreements respectively, oi any Part or Parts thereof, shall make such Satisfaction to their respective Lessees or Tenants for any Lossor Prejudice-, they may respectively fudain thereby, as the said Commissioners /half adjudge or ascertain, by Writing under his Hand, as a reasonable Recompence to be paid to such Lessees or Tenants by Way of Equivalent for their respective Terms therein.

144-0

Refutfling Encroachments on the Wattes.

The Inclo-sures in the Fields to remain as they now are.

Directing the Breadth of Ro.ids.

Allotment for Watering P aces, Sand Pits, 81c.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 8o.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments and Inclosures which at any Time within Ten Years now lad part, have been made upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and in case any Difpure or Difference shall arise touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally ascertained by the said Commissioner.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and evety the Closes and inclosed Lands and Grounds whatsoever which now are, or shall be at the Time of the passing of this Act, or by any Ways, or for any Use whatsoever have been taken or inclosed, or of whatsoever Tenure or Holding the fame now are, shall, with their Appurtenances, in every Respect remain, continue, and be as they now are or shall be at the Time of the passing of this Act, and the fame, and every of them, and every Part thereof shall also continue and remain unaltered and be the real Property and fixed Estates of the Person or Persons who by Right, Usage, and Cudom have hitherto enjoyed the fame, without being subject under this Act to any Division or Inclosure, or any Alteration, Change, Encroachment, or Diminution whatsoever, and also free and clear of and from all Manner of Strays and Rights of Common and Average in, upon, or over the fame, unless the respective Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall confer.t and agree that the same shall be deemed and taken by the said Commissioner to be Open Field Land, and shall permit the same to be divided and allotted as such, by virtue and in pursuance, and according to the Directions of this Act;

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Turnpike Roads on the said Commons and Waites, shall be of such Breadth as the said Commissioner shall appoint, but not less than Forty Feet at the lead between and exclusive of the Ditches; and that all private Roads and Ways shall be inclosed or left open and uninclosed as the said Commissioner shall think proper, and if inclosed shall be of such Breadth as the said Commissioner shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and may, and he is hereby authorized to set out, award, and allot such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as he shall judge mod fit and proper for Watering Places for Cattle, and for common Pits forgetting Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the Highways within the said Township of Clifford, and for such other Purposes as the said Commissioner shall award and direct, not exceeding Three Acres; and that the same shall remain for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof for the Time being for ever, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Herbage growing thereon, and also the Herbage of the publick Carriage Roads within the said Township, after the Expiration of Seven Years from making the Award of the Commissioner herein-after directed, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township of Clifford for the Time being, in Trust to let the fame for the bed Rent or Rents that can be gotten, and to apply such Rents in repairing the publick Highways and Roads within the said Township, they the said Surveyors accounting with the Inhabitants

i44i

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 80.

ants thereof touching the Application of such Rents at the Time of settling their annual Accounts.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a certain Reerving of Piece or Parcel of Waste Ground, called the Ox Close Bank otherwise

Sf aw Bank, within the said Manor, and the Well or Spaw therein, and &c ti> St’ the Erections or Improvements made thereon, shall not be divided and al- <rhjmai CaT

r # cotvne.

lotted by virtue of this Act; but that the same shall be and remain the foie, absolute, entire, and exclusive Property of the said Sir Thomas Gas-coigne, his Heirs and Assigns, notwithstanding any Thing herein contained to the contrary, subject nevertheless to the Right and Liberty to and for the Owners of ancient Common Right Messuages and Cottages and their Tenants and Occupiers resident within the said Manor of Clifford for the Time being, of taking Water at the said Well or Spaw, for his, her, and their own domestick and Family Use only, without paying any Consideration or Satisfaction for the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the said Commissioner Allotment to shall have adjusted artd settled all Claims and Disputes, and set out Com- ManorVor mon Pits and Watering Places, and publick and private Roads, Ways, hi? Right ct Watercourses, Drains, and other Requisites, he the said Commissioner S;il-

shall and he is hereby authorized and required in the next Place, to fee out, allot, and award, unto the said Sir Thomas Ga/coigne, as Lord of the Manor of Clifford aforesaid, his Heirs and Assigns, as a Compensation for his and their Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the Commons and Waste Grounds, called Clifford Moor and Grange Moor, within the said Manor and Township of Clifford, and for his Consent to the Division and Inclosure thereof One Sixteenth Part, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, over and above, and exclusive of such Shares, Proportions, and Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, herein-after directed to be allotted to him the said Sir Thomas Ga/coigne, in respect of the Messuages and Cottages, and Scites thereof, Lands and Hereditaments, in Right whereof he shall, in like Manner as other Proprietors, be entitled to Allotments in and upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and Allotment of

he is hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award in Seve- of

ralty, the Residue of the said Common or Waste Ground, called Clifford ' r Moor unto and amongst the Owners and Proprietors, as well of Messuages, Cottages, and Frontsteads, having Right of Common upon the said Common or Waste Ground, as of the Open Fields and other Lands and Grounds already inclosed within the Hamlet of Clifford, in such Shares

and Proportions as herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), Two Third Parts in Value of such Residue, (Quantity, (Quality, and Situation confi-fideredj, shall be set out, allotted, and awarded unto and amongst the said Sir Thomas Ga/coigne, the said James Fox, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages and Cottages, and Scites of Messuages and Cottages, within the Hamlet of Clifford aforesaid, having Right of Common thereon, according to the Number of such Messuages, Cottages, and Scites, without any Distindtion as to Messuages or Cottages, and without any regard to the Value thereof, as the said Commissioner shall in his Judgement think mod just and equitable; and the remaining Third y Per.J i6 Parc

1 \\2

Allotment of the Residue of the Common called Grange Alter.

Allotment* t< Mr. Fix, and Sir Thomas Gmjc signs.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 80.

Part in Value of such Residue (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered)"ffialI be set out, allotted, and awarded unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors of Open Field Lands, and other Lands and Grounds already inclosed within the said Hamlet of Clifford, (who were also Owners and Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Cottages, or Scites, before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, and having Right of Common in respect thereof as aforesaid), without regard to the Value of Erections or Buildings thereon, according to the Value of such Lands and Hereditament, and according to such respective Proprietors Rights and Interests therein, as the said Commissioner shall in his Judgement think mod. just and equitable, and in full Recompence and Satisfaction for the several and respectiveRights of Common, and other Interests of such Owners and Proprietors respectively in or upon the said Common or Waste Ground, called Clifford Moor, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required in the next Place to set out, allot, and award in Severalty, the Residue of the said Common or Waste Ground called Grange Moor, in such Shares and Proportions as herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), One Third Part in Value of the Residue of the said Common called Grange Moor, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered), shall be set out, allotted, and awarded, unto and amongst the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the District or Hamlet of Micklethwaite Grange, (without Regard to the Value of Freftions or Buildings thereon), according to the Value of such Lands and Hereditaments, and according to such respective Proprietors Rights and Interests therein, as the said Commissioner shall, in his Judgement think most just and equitable; and the remaining Two Third Parts in Value of the Residue of the said Common called Grange Moor, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered), shall be so set out, allotted, and awarded unto and amongst the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages and Cottages, and Scites of Messuages and Cottages within the said Hamlet of Clifford, and the said District or Hamlet of Micklethwaite Grange respectively, having Right of Common thereon, according to the Number of such Messuages, Cottages, and Scites, without any Distinction as to Messuages or Cottages, and without any Regard to the Value thereof, as the said Commissioner shall in his Judgement think most just and equitable, and in full Recompence and Satisfaction for the several and respective Rights of Common and other Interests of such Owners and Proprietors respectively in or upon the said Common or Waste Ground called Grange Moor, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such Part of the said Commons and Wastes as shall fall to be the Right and Property of the said James Fox, shall be set out and allotted to him, in case he shall require the fame in One Plot, from that Part of the said Common called Clifford Moor, adjoining to certain Closes in Bramham, called West-Wood Closet, and to extend to the Turnpike Road leading from Bramham to Wetherby; and that such Part of the said Commons or Wastes as shall fall to be the Right and Property of the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne, as well in Right of his Soil as otherwise, shall, in case he shall require the fame, be set

out

H43

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 80.

out and allotted to him, so as to adjoin and bound upon the said Allotment of the said James Fox, or as near thereto as the fame can be done.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Allotment of and he is hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award in Jjj* Optn"' of Severalty, all the Residue of the said Open Fields within the said Hamlet Fields.

of Clifford, unto and among!! all and every the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, or other Interests in the said Open Fields, all of any of them, according to their respcttive Rights, Properties, and Interests therein, in such Shares and Proportions, (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) as the said Commissioner shall in his Judgement think mod just; and equitable, so as each Owner may, in case he shall require the fame, have his, her, or their fair Proportion of Land allotted in the fame Field in which it now lies, and in full Recompence and Satisfaction for their several Rights and Interests in or upon the said Open Fields or any of them, which they now respectively have and enjoy: Provided nevertheless, that if the Property or Interest of any Two or more of the said Proprietors in the said Open Fields shall be so small, that each Proprietor’s Allotment in such Field or Fields will not, in the Judgement of the said Commissioner, be worth the Expence of inclosing, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner to lay the Allotments of such Proprietors together in One Plot in any of the said Open Fields, which may be, in the Judgement of the said Commissioner, moll convenient, equitable, and beneficial for such Proprietors, or may allot to such Pro. prietor an Equivalent for the fame from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in Augmentation of such Proprietor’s Share of such Commons and Waste Grounds, in which Cafe the Share of such Proprietor in the said Open Fields shall be added to the Allotment or Allotments there, of some other Proprietor or Proprietors whose Allotment in the fame Commons and Waste Grounds shall be proportionably reduced, in like Manner, as if an Exchange had actually taken place between them; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands within imeteih \n* the said Manor and Township of Clifford, at any Time before the form- 10

ing and drawing up of the Award of the said Commissioner, to fell nam

and dispose of all or any Part of his, her, or their Right, Title, and Pro- the,r other perty in or to any Right of Common or other Interest in and upon P,0peit* the fame Common and Waste Lands, or any of them, separate and apart from the Messuages, Cottages, or Frontsteads, Lands, and Grounds respectively, in respect whereof he, she, or they shall be entitled to such Right of Common or other Interest; and every such Sale being specified and set forth in the Award of the said Commissioner, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein This Aa not contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to revoke, alter, or forrmrCharg* annul any Deed, Will, Settlement, or Lease, or to prejudice any Person upon the having or claiming any Right, Interest, or Charge whatsoever in, to, or 4*"^obe upon, or any Ways affecting any of the Lands so to be divided, inclosed,

and exchanged as aforesaid, or 3ny of the said old Inclosures; but that the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted to the said Proprietors

respectively,

*444

No Sheep or Cattle to be depastured in the A1 ot ments for Seven Years.

Aw aid to be deposited.

Commissioner’s and Surveyor’s Fees and Expences how to be paid.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 80.

respectively, or their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be taken, held, and enjoyed, and the several Persons, or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Sole, to whom the lame shall be respectively allotted or awarded shall from thenceforth (land and befeifed thereof, to and upon such and the same Uses and Trusts, and for such and the fame Estates, and under and subject to such and the fame Limitations, Remainders, Leases, and Incumbrances respectively, as the several Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in lieu whereof such Allotments shall be made should and would have been subject and liable to be charged with and affected by, in case such Division and Allotment had not been made j and the Lands and Grounds, which, before the making such Division and Allotment, were subject and liable thereto, and all the Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted, shall from the Time of making the said Division and Allotment respectively, be discharged therefrom.

XXVI. And, for the more effectual Preservation of the Quick Fences, to be planted and set for dividing and separating the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed j be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to departure either with Sheep, Asses, or other Cattle, any of the Highways or Lanes which shall be made by virtue of this Act, for the Term of Seven Years next after the respective Allotments shall be set out and the Fences made; nor shall it be lawful for any of the said Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of any Part of the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be divided and inclosed, to keep or departure any Sheep, Asses, or any other Cattle, in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Term of Seven Years next after such Allotments shall be made as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons so keeping or depafturintr Sheep or other Cattle shall first make or cause to be made a Fence sufficient to guard the young Quick Fences round such Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by such Sheep or other Cattle, whether such young Quick Fences be planted or set by the Person or Persons owning or occupying such Allotments as aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons owning or occupying the Allotment adjoining thereto.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioner shall be signed and published by him, and deposited in the Parish Church of Bramham aforesaid, under the care of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall be paid the Sum of Two Guineas for every Day he shall be employed in, or travel, or be from Home for the Purpose of executing this Act, or the Trusts hereby in him reposed, and for his Journies, Attendances, and Expences occasioned by the said Division and Inclosure, and the putting this Act in Execution , and that the Surveyor to be employed in pursuance of this Act, shall be allowed and paid the Sum of One Guinea for every Day he shall be employed in flaking out the Quality of the Lands, attending the Commissioner in valuing, in allotting, and flaking out the Allotments, or shall attend at any Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioner, by the Direction of the said Commissioner, for his Expences, and as a fuflkient Recompence and Satisfaction to the said Sur-

9 veyor

*4*5

43*-' GEORGII 111. Cep. 8o.

veyor for such Attendance and Expences; which Allowances and Payments, and also all the Colts, Charges, and Expences in and about the preparing, soliciting, and obtaining this Act, and the surveying, dividing, and allotting the said Open Fields, and Commons or Walle Grounds, and of the surveying all the ancient Inclosures, or such Parts thereof as may' be necessary; and all the Charges of the said Commissioner in and about the preparing and inrolling the Award to be made in pursuance of this Act, and also all other incidental Charges and Expences whatsoever, for or by Reason of the said intended Division and Inclosure, and the hearing and determining any Claims in relation to the Premises, and the carrying of this Act into Execution, (except in such Cases as are otherwise hereby provided), shall be borne and paid by the respective Persons to whom Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, and who shall have the immediate Possession thereof, or Interest therein or thereto, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint, by an AUcffnient to be laid on all the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, by an equal Pound Rate, according to the Value of their respective Allotments, (the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said Sir Thomas Gascoigne for and in respect of his Right of Soil as aforesaid only excepted, and which shall not be chargeable therewith) and all the old Inclosures to be charged according as the same are benefited thereby, such Value and Proportion to be ascertained by the said Commissioner; and that the Proportion of the said Cods, Charges, and Exptences to be borne, defrayed, and paid by the said respective Owners and Proprietors, or Persons interested, shall be settled, adjusted, and ascertained by the said Commissioner.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, at lead Once in every Year from the Date of the passing of this Act, until his Accounts shall be finally allowed, produce to the Reverend Francis Wilkinson Clerk, Richard Clark Gentleman, Samuel Tate Gentleman, and Joseph Wadington Gentleman, a true Statement of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame; which Statement and Vouchers shall be examined by the said Francis Wilkinson, Richard Clark, Samuel Tate and Joseph Wadington, or any Two of them; and the Balance by him dated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioner; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the lame shall be duly allowed by the said Francis Wilkinson, Richard Clark, Samuel Tate, and Joseph Wadington, or any Two of them.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons as shall advance any Money for defraying the Expences of applying for, soliciting, and obtaining this Act, or carrying the fame into Execution, shall be repaid such Money, with lawful Interest for the fame, out of the Money which shall be first raised by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, (other than and except where the Orders and Deter-

[Lk.SJ PtrTj 16R minations

Commissioner’s Accounts to be examin* ed.

Persons ad. vancing Money to be paid with Interest.

Persons ag. grieved may appealto the Quarter Sessions.

1446 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 80.

ruinations of the said Commifuoner are declared to be final, bindings or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Iflueat Law is directed to . , be tried as herein-before mentioned), then and in every such Case, he, file, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden in and for the West Hiding of the said County of York, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner and to the Party or Parties concerned. Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter and Cause thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and te make such Order, and award such Colls and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cells and Damages which shall be so awarded by Distress and Saie of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, but in ease such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Colls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

Saving Mano-

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in

r«lRighti. this Act contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Sir 'Thomas Gafiotgne, Lord of the said Manor, or any future Lord or Lords thereof, of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties, Rights and Services, incident or belonging to the said Mar.oi, but that the said Sir Thomas Ga/coigne, and all and every the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all Courts Leet, Courts Baron, Rents, Chief Rents, Quit Rems, Audit Kents, Services, Rights, Royalties, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, and all other Jurisdictions and Privileges to the said Manor incident, appendant, belonging, or appertaining, confident with this Act, in Us full, ample, and beneficial Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as he, she, or they could, ought, or might have held and enjoyed the fame, before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had never been made.

General Sav- XXXIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

ing. and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or

Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest (other than such as are meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act), as they and every of them had and enjoyed of, in, to, or in respect to the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed or exchanged before the passing of this Act, or , would or ought to have had and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been

made.

r

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 80. 1447

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Act to be the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and when so printed, ^'ni^inter* may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

10 usH srit OJ bn« »ne.T,rm'nt.O A - m

t, 1 ...-.m-ijibx x -

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahaw,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. *803.

lidnl Sit 01 nee: yd - 'tno.* . Atfi

> :»,-c£ ofc; .: .' '- A.v

iij; bn /i 4!>m0 ->rii ycq ’ . - ..J, \o uriC ~f

i :V. -:' . 0 . . - .-r ' ': V ii43

'*b .^f, ^77: ;/i vgrsn.3 y- fv * ' -:->f

bta’i 3 1 rtf

-r’ . v'. 10 ’: ^or: td it,: s*'*': aiitfc’im

ill I J i tu Hi! *i ! ‘ - adw >h« ‘]v iri W r: K ' tc

\k Htjfl ic&qqA 5ifi$ ni Jmi t l*a 10 3*.. tiA’A'I. >3 > V

lb nuoi u*' ‘ V 'O oof \yd tCjf; f!ii( h;s1 -> Iff

vi m kA o*l) biBq !?d 01 0^.0 ri ' -. s *. ' ' *lh 1 aii: ftad?

k i.jlifiOUOt: ;][ Ilf.ill lit: < i isdt 'i .: 5f jjru.

Mat tol M ni 1 $j* j ad ' i»«i' ' - fVm trfj-d d hn» '! fX

1 aacbHm II. '* K;fv,-f,; 'A aitfi

...I) X if; idl ‘1 nil

uy t,i . y. *>di hi 1" <. in to ,tf-. ?« ! ’.h :o. 1 to bioJ o-tuiul

*.t rlMbd ,ig.uMadV<Jj Jxi io leahorti sanivia?. um

___j 1 It j i!T.; ( r- otrl

: o.L'i i' t. ci; i..' r 'T --.I' ;:‘.l !- - ;iv;. t

- /asd -.

Jtfvoji ginari *J uA ,sJr»X uu(J ,rlna^ laidO ,a)H3'1

u gwigitoisi ,tiwoiv»q-;. i.v i 'Psi>' ad) *

r;.' Lijniii.id j '£ S'q-r- 1,1 '

..tiiVh'O ,bk y-.V 1. ,c: ’. r- "*

’"A aifll tc gr.diiq oV-ilad ,. ‘

' j ...... hi.« ' i*'

H ' I I m3,) .,' X idl pi eyfiwlx ^nivsE .1:1 A> v» vb £i sno'h-j1? i' is’i ' 1 j \ .» b«r hns ,*v i'-

('vi>K nam 3»t. ,*3>n ,<i- >33 ’ jJv ‘li.i-'i

asu\ Hi *>Dv

}o bivojn* ’ na't? to (idA sir* . r'>vo)d-

./osbiviu so >1 ' s y '3*. ' "» (': ot By.:'.

- AS. *i:;' ' 3 ’ >; 'A'

ton fcsd v . *uv " 1 b s ;d 01 v.- -. 3 Anew

.)bsr.

3 A " X *'

'll' ' I1' VSi y -; > ii

tjf fi&\U q H’« «T fj/j-«<*.O

urutfML . 1 <*

t*inj (jtnsfe' swti? C-, if' f/ |ebin<n - -,v iu{. |

ft JOtJ tiiVlriW «<-..:; I'.’" "f' v. ,. , K

i guomi')* J/3tUJln)i'* ? ,%.tq{tTOW t»* <; ,

iV.-.fl yritr* Wit'fr.p Hi COMctt |VA »c f.c ! *«p| », i u,

- (' *1* WWWOl&tf »'e»t. c. ;l ij.,);

JHiiif i«J*7 r*Uf}i: so-itre t-i;

Si Jj. .'{ V l»< q Attvsi' v

<,\U^ r {

XlinsI V'3 ')’CiC- ' 4

((..tviuotvi* cowmov '.pji yir y# ^ot qr^iqius’1 tfjjoftruG* voq

' ( 8s

Ufa*

3»t

njc tfv? rt

►V?

Hffn'*'*

CEOi M nr KEC13

M& tJD’Vi’a ^Oi5, i«‘

v>? '’ rag®

rtlic

i&

C 54 'I *- ‘

u I *» f ' W:r* CfJn nr

ii rlfimF: . .:'* *vn Pw »li 1"

n Ht i in l-.i . t*

f. , >ii i

»;r his rrif u' ': : ! !]’ *"<! " 1° IW-.*

- W* Vtf UT1; v

g r

7

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

ail'.

Cap. 81.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Wormhill in the Parish of Tideswell, in the County of Derby.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Liberty of Wormhill in the Parish of Tideswell^ in the County of Derby, certain Commons and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds calied Wormhill Commons, containing together by Estimation about Eight hundred Acres, which art enjoyeA by the Proprietors of and nt inciofeA Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditament?, within the said Liberty, as Tenants in Common, under the Denomination, cf Shtep Gates, each Proprietor being entitled to the degafturing abd,'feeding‘of a certi'n Number of Sheep In and upon stich Common and CortitnOnable Lands and Waste Grounds r And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is Lord of the'fvfinor of1 Wormhill^ the fame being Part and Parcel of the King’? Great M'aWr of The Hish Peak, within the said DuChy, but in the Year One thousand six hundred and seventy-five. Five hundred and four Acres, Part of the original f£vc. y Per.] 16 S Common,

H5°

Commissioner-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Common, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the said Liberty of Wormhill, were separated and taken from that fart of the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Proprietors of Estates there, in full for His Majesty's Proportion or Share of the fame, and were by H s late Majesty King Charles the Second, granted to Thomas Eyre of Remoter in the said County of Derby, Esquire, and his Heirs: And whereas the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church'of Lichfield are seised of or entitled to the Tyrhes of Wool and Lamb arising or renewing within the said Liberty of Wormhil\ and Thomas Brown Clerk, Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Tideswell aforesaid for the Time being, is entitled to the Vicarial or Small Tythes arising or accruing within the said Liberty: And whereas William Bagfhaw Clerk is Curate of the Perpetual Curacy of Wormhill aforesaid, and as such is entitled to certain Parcels of Glebe Land within the said Liberty belonging to the Chapel there, in right whereof he is also entitled to Common of Pasture for the dcpafturing or feeding of a certain Number of Sheep in and upon the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds: And whereas William Chambers Bagfhaw Esquire, Francis Eyre Esquire, the said William Bagfhaw, Samuel Frith, James Mackrill, Esquires, Ellis Needham Gentleman, and several other Persons are seised or pofftffed of, or otherwise entitled to the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure , and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the faffing of such Acts: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds are so circumstanced as to render the Cultivation and Management thereof, in their present State, inconvenient , and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors thereof and of all Persons interested therein, if the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parfs thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in Proportion to theirrespec-tive Rights and Interests; but the fame cannot be effect?d without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by-the Authority of the same, That Joseph Gould of Pilflury in the said County of Derby Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commissioner for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the fjiid Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and for putting this Act in Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, Directions,'and Regulations of the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are hereby varied or altered; and that he the said Joseph Gould, or such other Commissioner as shall hereafter be appointed in pursuance of this Act, and in Manner herein-after mentioned to execute the several Powers of this Act, may and he is hereby authorized and empowered to call to his Artiftance and to employ such Person as he shall think proper as an Assistant, in making the Valuations, Calculations, and Allotments of the said Division and Inclosure, and to allow to such Assistant for his

T^rpuble

43° GEORGII III. Cap. Si. 1451

Trouble such Comperifation as the said Joseph Gould, or such other Commissioner, shall deem reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings per Day, including the Expences to be incurred by such Assistant.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Joseph Gould, or any other Appointing Commissioner to be appointed in his (lead as herein-after mentioned, shall fione£0mnUi" die, refuse, neglect, or become incapable to ad, before this Act shall have been fully carried into Execution, then and in every such Case a new Commissioner shall be chosen and appointed by a Majority in Value of the Persons who for the Time being shall be interested in the said Division and inclosure, who shall by themselves or their Agents be present at a Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose by Notice as herein is di-reded, and held within Thirty Days next after such Death, Refusal,

Neglect, or Incapacity, shall happen or be made known; and every Commissioner so to be appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this and the said recited Act into Execution, in all Respects as the Commissioner to whose Place he shall succeed was in-v.elted with.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall Noticee of and he is hereby required to cause publick Notice to be given in the Mettlns> Chapel of Wormhill aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing under his Hand to be affixed on the mod publick outer Door of the said Chapel, and also by Advertisement to be ipferted in the Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Derby, of the

Time and Plate of the first and every other Attendance for the Execution of this Act Eight Days at the lead before any such Attendance shall be held. Attendance by Adjournment, which it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to make, only excepted.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices other No-

necessary or requisite to be made or given by the said Commissioner, t#

shall be made and given by Writing to be affixed upon the mod publick

outer Door of the said Chapel, or by Advertisement in the said Newspaper, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Derby.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Allowing interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Al- fheU^ightT' locment, and inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of by an nfue« the said Commissioner, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of Law' the Right to the Soil of the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or, any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and inclosure, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dif-satisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden fox the said County of Derby; and for that Purpose the Person

or

*45*

Partiet dying Proceedings not to abate*

Allotment for Watering Places and getting Materials.

Allotment to His Majesty in lieu of Quit Rent*,

tic.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. Si.

or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought on a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioner, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more I(sue or Hides, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be lettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Ver-dids which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as in other Cases and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Courr, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioner, touching such Claim or Claims to such Common Rights, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party ot Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if such Event had not happened.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to set out and appoint One or more Piece or Pieces of GroOnd (Part of the Common and Commonable Lands and Wade Ground hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed) in such convenient Situation or Situations as he shall think proper, within the said Liberty, not exceeding Six Acres in the Whole, to be used for the Purpose of publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the Highways and Roads to be set out and made, in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Liberty.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner do and shall in the next Place, and he is hereby requited to set out and allot and appoint unto the King’s Majesty, in Right of his said Duchy, such:

Parcel

1453

43° GEORGII III. Cap. Si.

Parcel or Parcels of Land out of and from any of the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be inclostd, as he shall think proper, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioner be equal in Value to or an Equivalent for all such Chief Rents, Quit Rents, or Fee Farm Rents, or other dry or unimproveable Rents as are now due and payable to the said King’s Majesty out of or from or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Toftsteads, or Lands, situate, lying, and being within the said Liberty of Wormhill and Parish of \Tideswell, which belong to Persons having Right of Common in and upon the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, which Lands so set out and allotted, or appointed as aforesaid, shall be deducted out or taken from the several or respective Allotments of those Persons who now pay or are liable to pay such Chief Rents, Quit Rents, or Fee Farni Rents to the said King’s Majesty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to divide, assign, set out, and allot the Refidoe and Remainder of the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, to and amongst the jrespective Proprietors, in Proportion to the Number of Sheep Gates, or other Interests to which they shall appear in the Judgement of the said Commissioner to be respectively entitled.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at any Time within Thirty Years now last pad have been made upon the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be finally settled by the said Commissioner.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to prejudice, lefien, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said William Bagshaw, Samuel Frith, Dean and Chapter of Lichfield, or Vicar of 2 idefwell, or their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, of, in, or to any Tythes, Modules, or Payments whatsoever in lieu of Tythes, Easter Dues, Surplice Fees, or Payments whatsoever, arising, growing, or accruing within or out of the said Liberty, and the several Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, situate therein, but that the fame and every of them, and every Part thereof, shall remain, continue, and be due and payable in like Manner as the fame were or was before the passing of this Act, or would, could, or might have been had, taken, collected, or received, in case this Act had not been made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person

hath fold or contracted, or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, fell or contract, or agree to fell his or her Right, Interest, or Property in, over, and upon the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authors*. & Per.2 16 T rized

Residue.

Encroach.

mentt

Not to affect the Tythes.

Allotments to he nude to Purchasers.'

H54*

Ring-fencing Cuiaie's Al-J lotment.

Fencing other Allot-meiui.

Tenants to give up exchanged Lands.

Abatement to be allowed to Lefleea for Loss of Rights.

43° GEORGII III. Cap A i,

rized and required to make an Allotment df Land unto the Purchaser or Purchasers in such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold or contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Lands so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale, Con trad, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Parcels of Land and Allotments which shall be assigned, fe« our, and allotted to the said William Bagshaw, as Curate of Worm hill aforesaid, shall be Ring-fenced at the Expence of the several other Proprietors, with a Stone Fence or Wall, and shall for ever thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair by the said William Bagshaw and his Successors, Curates of Wormbill for the Time being, in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall by his Award direct; and that the several other Parcels of Land and Allotments which shall be alligned, set out, and allotted by virtue of this Act, shall be inclosed and fenced, and such Fences shall at all Times thereafter be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, and within such Time or Times, as the said Commissioner, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand, or by his Award, shall order and direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant and Occupier, under any Lease or Agreement for any Term of Years, of any of the old Inclosures within the said Liberty, which shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall (immediately after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, or within such further Time as the said Commissioner shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose) give up and resign the full and peaceable PoflTdlion of such exchanged Lands to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively exchanged, such respective Tenants and Occupiers receiving from the said respective Owners and Proprietors of such exchanged Lands such Satisfaction as the said Commissioner shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants respectively on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the Loss or Losses, he, she, or they, shall respectively sustain thereby; and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Three Calendar Months after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby required, to raise and levy the same for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, can or may be raised or re* covered.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where an Allotment or Allotments of any Part of the said Common and Commonable Lands

and

43° GEORGII III. Cap.Si. 1455

and Waste Grounds, shall be made for and in respect of the Rights and Interests belonging to any Person or Persons as aforesaid within the said Liberty, which are held by any Tenants or Occupiers for a Term of Years by virtue of any Lease or Agreement thereof made, and fuel)

Tenants or Occupiers do not or shall not come to an Agreement with the Person or Persons to whom such Allotments shall be made, for the Use, Occupation, and Enjoyment thereof, such Tenants or Occupiers shall not be entitled to enter upon, occupy, or hold the said Allotment or Allotments, but shall nevertheless have and receive from the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof, such an Abatement from the yearly Rent or Rents reserved and made payable in and by such Lease or Leases,

Agreement or Agreements, for the Remainder of the Term or Terms then to come therein, as the said Commissioner shall adjudge to be a reasonable Compensation to him, her, or them, for the Right of Common or Depalturage of Sheep, which hath been lawfully accustomed to be used and exercised by such Occupiers, and which shall be extinguished by this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex* E*p-ne*»«f

pences incident to the obtaining and passing this Act, and the surveying, the measuring, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and preparing and enrolling the Award of the said Commissioner, and all other necessary Colls,

Charges, and Expences in and about the Premises (which are not herein otherwise directed to be borne, paid, and defrayed), shall, from Time to Time be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act (except the said William Bag/haw in respect of the Glebe), in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall appoint by any Rate or Rates to be made by him for that Purpose; and the several Sums thereby rated shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said Commissioner shall by his Award, or any Writing oy Writings to be by him signed, either before or after the Execution thereof, order and direct.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Costs, Exn-ncej of Charges, and Expences, attending the making and completing any Ex- , *d p\rf* changes and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons lions, how between whom such Exchanges or Partitions shall be made, in such to *paid‘ Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner shall order

and direct.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Nottoaffect Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to revoke, make WlUl' void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion,

Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or afftding any of the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, which shall be exchanged, divided, or inclosed by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act, but that the fame respectively shall immediately after such Allotments, Exchanges, or Divisions, shall be made, remain and

enure

U5&

Depositing

Award.

Ci'mioimon-ers Accounts to be laid bff re :ind settled by Referrees.

Appointment of Keferrees in case of Death.

Persons advancing Money to be repaid with Interest.

43* GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

enure to and for such and the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as the several Messuages, Farms, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, in respect or in lieu whereof such Allotments, Exchanges, or Divisions, shall be made as aforesaid, now are or would have been in case this Act had not been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, when enrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deposited and kept in the Chest belonging to the Chapel of Wormbill aforesaid, where the other Writings belonging to the said Chapelry are usually kept, in order that all Persons interested in the said In* closure may have Rtcourse thereto at all seasonable Times.

XX. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just; Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by him laid before Alexander Bofsley of Bake-well, in the said County of Derby, Gentleman, and James Mander of the same Place, Gentleman, or either of them, to be by them or him examined and balanced -, and such Balance shall be by the said Alexander Bofsley and James Mander, or either of them, stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commifli >ner; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by the said Alexander Bofsley and James Mander, or One of them.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Alexander Bofsley and James Mander, or either of them, shall die or refuse to act as a Refcrree or Referrees, before the Matters and Things to be done by virtue of this Act shall be entered upon, or fully performed and finished, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors of the major Part in Value of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, assembled at a Meeting convened for that Purpose, by Notice to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the said Chapel of Wcrmhill Twenty Days at the least before the Time appointed for holding such Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons, not interested in the said Division and Inclosure, to be a Referree or Referrees in the Place and Stead of the said Alexander Bofsley and James Mander, or either of them, and so as often as for the Reasons aforesaid, or any other Caule Occasion may require; and the Person or Persons so to be from Time to Time nominated and appointed as a Referree or Referrees, shall have the like Power and Authority for executing the Purposes aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance any Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, such Person or Persons shall be repaid

the

H57

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

the fame with lawful Interest, out of the first Money to be rajfed by virtue of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal, think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case (except in such Cases wherein the Determinations of the said Commissioner are by the said recited Act or this Act declared to be final, binding, and conclusive, and except in such Cases where an issue at Law is to be tried as herein-before mentioned) he, she, or they, may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden in and for the said County of Derby, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices in the said General Quarter Sessions are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Right of

this Act contained shall bar, prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Righr, Title, *'

and Interest which His Majesty in Right of His said Duchy or any of His Majesty's Subjects now have and enjoy, or shall or may hereafter claim

to have and enjoy, of digging for, Searching, working, and carrying on Mines of Lead Ore, and taking and enjoying such Lead Ore, in, upon, and out of all the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the said Liberty of Wormhill, intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, and of building Coes and laying the Deads on such Lands, in such Manner, as from Time immemorial hath been accustomed in the said Hamlet; but that His said Majesty, and all and every His said Majesty's Subjects shall from henceforth forever hereafter have and enjoy such Right of mining for Lead Ore, and use and exercise such Liberties and Privileges in respect thereof, in and throughout all and every Part of the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds intended to be inclosed as aforesaid, in as ample and extensive a Manner as they have hitherto enjoyed and exercised the fame, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His G;neral Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies s-*vm8* Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except Inch Person and Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made, and all other Persons whose Interests are meant and intended to be barred and destroyed

by this Act), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out [Loc. $5* Per.] 16U of

1458

Declaring Act public

4.3* GEORGII 111. Cap. 81.

of the said Common and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, so directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed in Case the fame had not been made.

Jj1*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and when so printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, m like Manner as if the fame had been declared a publick Ad.

LONDON; Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 82.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclodng, and otherwise improving several Commons, Moors, or Wastes, within the Manor of Alston otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill, in the Parish of Alston, and County of Cumberland. [nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor of AiHon otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill, and within the Parish of Alston, in the County of Cumberland, (exclusive of the Hamlet or Did rift of Prior[dale, and of the Difbift commonly called Gilderfdale Forest or Gilderfdale Pasture, within the same Manor and Parish), certain large Commons, Moors, or Wastes, which in various Parts thereof are called or known by several distinct Names, but which are most commonly called or known by the general Name of Alston Moor Commons, containing together, by Estimation, Twenty thousand Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, are Lords of the Laid Manor of Alston otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill, and as such are seised of or entitled to the Soil and Inheritance of, and the [Lee. & Perj\ 16 X Mines,

1462 4.3* GEORGII III. Cap. #2.

Mines, Minerals, Foffils, Quarries, and Royalties, within and under the said Commons, Moors, or Wades: And whereas the said Commissioner and Governors, and also many other Persons, are seised and poflfcffird of divers Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, witl.in the said Manor and Parish, and in respect thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, are entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said several Commons, Moors, or Wades: And whereas the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, in their present State, are of little Use or Advantage, but - considerable Parts thereof are capable of Cultivation and Improvement,

and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, are willing and dedrous that the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, with the Consent of the said Lords of the said Manor, should be divided and allotted by Commissioners, in that Behalf to be appointed, amongd the several Persons-entitled to Right of Common thereon, or otherwise inte-reded therein respectively, which will be advantageous to all the Parties intereded therein, and tend to the Improvement of their respective Ef-tates; but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Committor- That John Fryer of the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Gen-ci-5 Nuin.s. t]eman> William Donkin of Anick, in the County of Northumberland, Gentleman, and William Bates of Clarewood, in the said County of Northumberland, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, and allotting the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, and for putting this Act in Execution, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations as are herein-after contained, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Di-TheProvi- redtions, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, con-c "rerai^A t ta‘ne<^ *n an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His pre-tj Jx'trn i to fenc Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Pro-this Act. visions ttfually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts, as are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act.

new'comjmf-

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the sioners. Commissioners hereby appointed shall die, or shall neglect to act for the Space of One Calendar Month, when Occasion shall require his Attendance on the Business hereby committed to his Charge, or shall refuse to act, or be rendered incapable of acting by Sickness or any other Cause whatsoever, before the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them shall be carried into Execution, a new Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may be appointed and nominated in the Place or Places of him or them so dying, neglecting, or refusing to act, or rendered incapable as aforesaid, in Manner following; that is to say, in case the said John Fryer shall die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors or Assigns, or their Stewards or Steward, Receivers or Receiver, or Agents or Agent, for the Time being, shall and may, by any Instrument in Writing under their Common Seal, or under the

Hands

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82. i463

Hands or Hand of such Stewards or Steward, Receivers or Receiver, or Agents or Agent, nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being be* neficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested) to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said John Fryer; and in case the said William Donkin shall die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the major Part in Value of the Proprietors and Owners of Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, hereby intended to be divided, or their respective Agents, present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, (of which Meeting Notice shall be given by any Two or more of such Proprietors and Owners, or their respective Agents, or by the Two other Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, or the One of them, by affixing the fame on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Alston aforesaid, and also causing the same to be inserted in the Carlisle Journal and Newcastle-upon-Tyne Courant Newspapers, or if those Newspapers shall net then respectively be published, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Cumberland and at NezucaJile-upon-Tyne respectively, Ten Days at lead before such Meeting), shall and may, by any instrument in Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being beneficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested), to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said William Donkin; and in case the said William Bates shall die, neglect, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the Two other of the said Commissioners for the Time being shall and they are hereby empowered, by any instrument in Writing under the Hands of the said Two Commissioners, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being beneficially interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested) to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said William Bates; and in case of the Death of any Person so to be hereafter nominated and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, or of his Neglect or Refusal to act, or becoming incapable of aftingas aforesaid, the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate respectively, by whom such Commissioner was nominated and appointed, their respective Heirs,

Successors, Agents, or Assigns, shall in like Manner nominate and appoint another Commissioner in his Room, and so Mies quoties so often as any Vacancy shall happen by such Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity of every such new Commissioner or Commissioners, so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid; and evepy Person who shall be nominated and appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act; which said several Instruments of Nomination and Appointment shall be inrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner as in and by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

III. Provided always, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Di- ^0"cJjJaofl>lhe rections, Acts, Matters, and Things hereby authorized or directed to be ,cecu"rd by done and executed by the said Commissioners, may be done and exe- Two Com-

CUted missioneu.

14.6 4.

Survey to he 1. a.le by Jtbn trjer.

Surveyor to take an Oath.

S irveyor’s Oatll.

How to he adminiiUrcd.

( liurge to he paid bui veyor.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

cuted by any Two of the Commissioners for the Time being, and the fame Avail be as valid and effectual as if done and executed by or before all the said Commissioners.

IV. And be it further enacted, That true and exact Surveys or Ad-measurements Aiall be taken, and fair Plans made of all the said Commons, Moors, or Waites, so intended to be divided and allotted, and also of the several Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which Right of Common is claimed thereon, some Time before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, or as soon after as conveniently may be, by the said Jolm Fryer, or in case of his Death, or of his Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity, by Sick-ness or any other Cause whatsoever, for the Space of One Calendar Month, when Occasion Aiall require his Attendance on the Business oi taking and making such Surveys or Admeasurements and Plans, then by such other fit and proper Person, being an experienced Surveyor of Land, (not beneficially interested in the said Division, nor an Agent to any Person interested), as the Commissioners for the time being Aiall, by Writing under their Hands from Time to Time, nominate and appoint.

V. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of acting as such Surveyor as aforesaid, until he Aiall have taken and subscribed before the said Commissioners, or One of them, an Oath in the Form or to the Effect following j (that is to

say),

‘ t A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honefily, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement, survey and admea-‘ sure all the Commons, Moors, or Waites, intended to be divided and .* inejofed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth

‘ the Title of the and make true Maps or Plans thereof, and lay

the fame before the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Exe-‘ cution.

So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or any One of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to administer, when and as often as Occasion shall require, which Oath, and also the Instrument or Instruments of Appointment of any new Surveyor, Aiall be respectively inrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor Aiall be paid for his Trouble in the taking and making all the necessary Surveys or Admeasurements, and fair Plans, (including all necessary Re-surveys and Plans), at and after the Rate of Sixpence per Acre, for each and every Acre of the Land which he Aiall survey, admeasure, and plan, in pursuance of this Act; and the said Surveyor Aiall at all Times bear and pay his own Expences; and in case of the Death of any such Surveyor before he Aiall have finiAied such Survey, Admeasurement, and Plan, as aforesaid, then and.in every such Case the Executors or Adinhiiltrators

of

H65

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

of such Surveyor so dying, shall be paid, after the like Rate of Sixpence per. Acre, for each and every Acre which such Surveyor shall have so surveyed and admeasured in his Life-time, whether such Survey and Admeasurement shall have been finished or reduced into a Plan by him or not.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Paid Surveyor shall, after Surveyor to the said Division and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds intended to p

be hereby divided and inclosed, shall be compleated, make Two fair Flans Vellum, sv upon Vellum, of all the said Lands and Grounds intended to be hereby divided and allotted, whereon respectively shall be truly and di(li..&ly delineated, set down, marked, and expressed, the several Matters and Things necessary or proper to be inserted therein, for the better explaining the Award of the said Commissioners, and for which fair Plans upon Vellum respectively, the said Surveyor shall be paid the Sum of Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shillings each, and no more.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Encroach- Eicroach-raents which have been taken from the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes,

at any Time or Times since Michaelmas in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, (save and except such as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed for the Space of Thirty Years lait pad or upwards, without any Interruption, or Payment of any Rent or other Acknowledgement; and save and except such Houses, Cottage;,

Mills, Engines, and other Erections and Buildings, as have heretofore been creded and built upon the said Comnions, Moors, or Wifles, by the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Lords for the Time being of the said Manor of Alfion other wise lift on M or and Garragill, or their Lessees or Assigns), shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, so to be divided; and in case any. Difference or Dispute shall arise touching any such In lofures or Encroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the said Commons,

Moors, or Wastes, such Differences or Difptftes shall be referred to the Determination of the said Commissioners, cu be by them proceeded in, examined into, and finally determined.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Oirurvffion. they are hereby required to cause a Notice in Writing under their 11 *ri ds Jj’'.® ^".e to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Alfton her Meet-aforesaid, and also to be inserted in the Cr.rli/le Jou nal and Newcastle- ,nss* ttpon-Pyne Cowant Newspapers respectively, of the Time and i lace of their

First, Second, and Third Meetings respectively, (which shall be hoi len at Lowhyer, within the Manor of Alfton otHerwile Alfton Moor and Garragill aforesaid), for putting this Act in Execution, at lead f ourteen Days next before such respective Meetings; and that the said Commissioners shall and may, after their said Third Meeting, from Tinie to Time appoint such Time and Place for every subsequent Meeting as they shall think proper, causing a Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Alfton aforesaid, Eight Days at lead before every such subsequent Meeting; but the said Coni-inissioners, at the Fird, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other lubfe-quest Meeting or Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority from [Loc. fc? Per.'] 16 T Time

i466 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

Time to Time, as they shall think it convenient, to continue such First, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other subsequent Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment, for the due Execution of this Act, without giving any Notice whatsoever of such Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment, otherwise than by leaving, at the Time and Place where such Meeting or Meetings shall be held, Notice under their Hands when and where such adjourned Meetings are to be held from Time to Time.

If only One lonuniifioner jT'sent 1 e nr.ty adjourn, riv;ruj Eight D.*; s Notice.

X. Provided always, That if it shall happen that no more than One of the said Commissioners shall attend at any Meeting or Meetings as afore-fuiJ, to be holJen pursuant to this Act, such Commissioner may and he hath hereby full Power and Authority to adjourn such Meeting or Meetings respectively, to such Time not exceeding Eight Days, as he shall see most convenient, giving due Notice thereof in Writing to the others or other of the said Commissioners.

Com riffion-

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall happen to arise between the Parties that now are or shall, before the enc-s. making the Award herein-after mentioned, be interested in the said in-

tended Division and Inclosure, or any of them, touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them shall claim in the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them ought to have of or in the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine tile fame.

mnn *1° try

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person ciaims at or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, making any Claim or

Law. Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or affected

by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or objecting to any such Claim or Claims, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, and dial 1 be deftrous of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and intereffs respectively, tried at Law, and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, so desirous to have the fame tried at Law, shall and do by themselves or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agent*, give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, within Two CaLtidar Months after such Determination shall have been so made by the said Commissioners (of which Notice the said Commissioners are hereby required immediately on Receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverse Party or P-rties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to or leic at the usual Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents as aforesaid), then but not afterwards it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law of the fame, at the Assizes to be holden for the County of Cumberland, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Pur-

pole

1467

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

pose to be commenced in His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas at H estminster, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, against the Lords of the said Manor of Alfion otherwise Aljton Moor and Garragill, or any Per-l'on or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, interested in the said Division, who shall make such Objection or Objections, within Two Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more Blue or Ilfues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and determined, (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the said Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, if the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Vtrdift or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions shall be final and conclusive to all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all Persons whomsoever; and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuanre of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put oft' the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded; but if no such Action or Actions at Law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving such Notice within the Time aforesaid, or if such Action or Actions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the First Assizes which shall be holden for the said County of Cumberland, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving such Notice, by or on Account of the Neglect or Default of such Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, Person or Persons who shall be Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in such Case the Determination of the Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive, unto and upon all Parties whomsoever.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Commirnon-missioners shall and they are hereby empowered, at their Discretion, upon Request made to them by all or any of the Parties in whose Favour they shall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge such Colls and Charges as they shall think reasonable, for the Use and Benefit of such Party or Parties, upon or again!! the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections,

Complaint or Complaints, shall be thereby disallowed, as the Case Hull happen, and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, to levy such Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such lait mentioned Person or Persons, together with the Charges of futh Distress and Sale; and in case there shall be no Goods and Chatcels whereby to levy the same, or in case a Body Corporate is to pay such Costs, then and in either of such Cases it ftt.ill be lawful for the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Costs shall be awarded, to recover the fame by Action or Actions of Debt or on the Cafe, in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant

is

1468

Publick Quarries to be let out.

Parcels of Ground to work Crow Coals, for burningLime, to be let out.

Parts of the Commons to be let out for Peat Mali.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

is indebted to him in the Sam specified in the Order of Adjudication made by the said Commissioners, and in consequence of such Order of Adjudication, without setting forth any other of the Proceedings therein had.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out, app >int, and allot such and lo many Free-stone Quarries, Lime-stone Quarries, and Slate (Quarries, as they shall think necessary, for the Use and Benefit as well of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Lords of the said Manor, their Successors, Tenants, Lessees, and Assigns, as also of all the other Proprietors and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, '1 enements, and Hereditaments, in relped of which any Allotment shall be made of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, in pursuance of this Act, to be used in or upon such Allotments, or the Buildings or Lands in respect of which the same shall be made, but not for Sale, or upon any other Buildings or Lands, or for any other Use or Purpose; and the said Commissioners shall, in and by their said General Award, order and direct how and in what Manner the same shall respectively be worked for the general Advantage of the respective Persons interested therein.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall (according to the bell of their Skill and Judgement), set out and appoint such Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, as they shall think the most convenient and proper Parcels f Ground in which to work Crow Coals for the Purpose of burning Lime, which Crow Coals shall not be used for Fire Coal in any Dwelling House, Cottage, or any other Buildings, or for any other Use or Purpose whatsoever, than that of burning Lime-stones into Lime, for the Use and Benefit as well of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Lords of the said Manor, their Successors, Tenants, Lessees, and Assigns, as of the other Proprietors and Occupiers for the Time being of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which any Allotment of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, shall be made in pursuance of this Act, to be used in or upon such Allotments, or the Buildings or Lands in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, but not for Sale, or upon any other Buildings or Lands, or for any other Use or Purpose; and the said Commissioners shall in and by their General Award, order and direct how and in what Manner such Crow Coals for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be worked for the general Advantage of the respective Persons interested.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall assign, set out, and appoint such Part or Parts, Parcel or Parcels of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, as is or are conveniently situate, and fit and proper, for the digging, cutting, and curing of Peats, as well for the Use and Benefit of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors and Assigns, as also of the other Proprietors for the Time being of Messuages and Cottages, in respect whereof any Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, shall be made in pursuance of this Act, to be used in all Times thereafter as Peat Mosses by the said Commissioners and Governors, and the said other

Proprietors

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82. 146$

Proprietors for the Time bein'*, and their several Tenants and Lessees, all which Peats shall be used for Fuel in and upon the Buildings to be erected upon the said respective Allotments, or the several Messuages and Cottages in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, but not for Sale or any other Purpose whatsoever.

XVII. Provided always, That for the Whole of the Messuages and o"t"e,'*r"rof Cottages which were erected upon the Twelfth Day of May which Messuag«°nd was in the Year of our Lord One t’noufand eight hundred, and which Ceuttpgaet*’fas' had at that Time been enjoyed for Thirty Years and upwards, notwith- she public'" Handing the re being no Right of Common in respect thereof, the Owners Pe-'t Mosses. or Occupiers shall be permitted to cur, cure, and remove Peats from the said publick Peat Moss or Peat Modes, without Payment of any Satisfaction for the fame: Provided further, and it is hereby declared, that such lad mentioned Liberty shall be confined to the Ul'e of such Messuages and Cottages, for so long a Time only as they shall respectively continue to be enjoyed in the same Manner as they were upon the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand and eight hundred.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for £'r°n’'nion' the said Commissioners in their said Award, if they shall think it proper ftri.-t the Use so to do, to redrift the Life and Enjoyment of any particular Quarry or of any parti-Quarries, or Parcels of Ground for working Crow Coals for the Purpose ^ar'<uar‘lts' aforesaid, or Peat Moss or Peat Mosses, l'o by them to be set out and appointed respectively as aforesaid, to any particular Proprietor or Class of Proprietors, in Exclusion of the others or other of them, provided other

Quarry or Quarries, or Parcels of Ground for working Crow Coals for the Purpose aforesaid, or Peat Moss or Peat Mosses, are by them the said Commissioners set out and appointed for the exclusive Use and Enjoyment of those so excluded.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That (after the necessary Roads and CommUTon-Highways, Quarrie-, Parcels of Ground for working Crow Coals to be pa,tof the used for the Purposes aforesaid, Peat Mosses, and Watering Places, shall Commons to have been deducted) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- Pa.v LxP5nt<:’* missioners, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required,

as soon as conveniently may be, to appropriate, mark, and set out, by proper Stakes or Land Marks, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades respectively, as to them shall seem competent, necessary, and sufficient to be sold, as herein-after mentioned; which Part or Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, so to be appropriated, marked, and set out to be sold, shall be inclosed at the Expence of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, by a Boundary Fence or Ditch to be made round the Outsides thereof, according to the Order of the said Commissioners, and shall be disposed of in such Way and Manner as herein-after is directed.

XX. And as tofo much and such Part and Parts of the said Commons, Lands set Moors, or Wastes, as shall be appropriated, marked, and set out to be fcid^tobc sold by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the Directions herein disposed of contained; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Auction* they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as may be after the fame

[Loc. & Per.~] i G Z shall

*47°

Money nriling from Sale of the Commons, to be applied for paying Expences of the Dirifion.

Parties inte- ' relied desirous of payinjg Money m-ltead of Land, may do so on giving Notice to the Com-imflioneri.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

shall be appropriated, marked, and set out as aforesaid, and at such convenient Times and Places as to them shall seem meet, to cause all such Part and Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Waites, as shall be so appropriated, marked, and set out to be sold as aforesaid, to be put up to publick Sale or Auction, in such Lots or Parcels as to them shall seem fit and expedient, and the same shall be accordingly fold and disposed ol In-such Way and Manner, and under and subject to such Directions as are contained in the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the prefenc Reign j and upon Payment to the said Commissioners of the Purchase Money for which the same shall be so fold, the said Commissioners shall, in and by their General Award, allot and appoint the Part or Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, which shall be so sold as aforesaid, unto the respective Purchasers thereof, or to such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall respectively direct; and all and every such Part and Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, as shall be so fold, and allotted and appointed as aforesaid, shall, from and immediately after the Execution of the said General Award of the said Commissioners, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be vested in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted and appointed, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, (save and except as 10 the Mines, Minerals, Foffils, and Quarries, and other Royalties and Rights within and under, and through, over, and along the fame, which are herein-after expressly reserved to the Lords of the said Manor, their Successors and Assigns), and the same shall be deemed to be and continue within, and to be held of the said Manor of Jlston otherwise Alfton Moor and Gar-ragill, and shall be held in the same Manner, and be subject and entitled to all such Orders, Directions, Charges, Rights, Liberties, Privileges, and Exemptions, as the Freehold Allotments to be made in respect of Common Rights upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, shall or may be held, and be subjected and entitled to respectively by virtue of this Act.

XXI. And whereas the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital have agreed to be at the Expence of applying for and obtaining this Act; be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall arise by or from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, shall be appropriated and applied by the said Commissioners acting under this Act, (so far as the fame will extend), in and towards the Payment of the Charges and Expences incident to and attending, or which may be occasioned by the said intended Division of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, and of setting out, making, forming, erecting, cutting, and openings the Highways, Roads, Bridges, Drains, and Watercourses, which the said Commissioners shall direct to be made or set out, or in anywise relating thereto.

XXII. Provided always, That in all Cases where any of the Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, interested in any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, shall be minded and deftrous of paying their respective Shares of the said Expences in Money, instead of sustaining a Loss of Land in their respective Allotments, and shall and do, at the First and Second Meeting of the said Commissioners for receiving Claims of Right of Common under this Act, give Notice thereof in

" Writing

147*

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

Writing to the said Cora missioners of such their Mind and Desire, that then and in every such Case the Share or respective Shares of the Party or Parties so giving such Notice as aforesaid, of and in all such Expences, shall be paid and defrayed in Money by such Party or Parties respectively, in such Mariner, and at such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, order, direct, and appoint; and in all Cases where any such Payment or Payments in Money shall be so made as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, in setting out the Allotment or Allotments of the Party or Parties making such Payment or Payments, shall have Regard to the Amount of such Payment and Payments respectively, in ascertaining the Share and Proportion of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, so to be set out and allotted to such Party or Parties respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment of and they are hereby required in the next Place to set out, allot, and ap- of^heComi pomt, in One or more Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels of Land, unto mom to'he and for the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for ^r°,n'!fon‘ Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, as Lords of the Manor of Aljion otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill aforesaid, their Successors and Assigns, One full Sixteenth Part in Value, Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered, of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, so to be divided and allotted, after deducting the publick Carriage Roads,

Drains, Watercourses, and Quarries, and other Allotments for publick Purposes, in lieu of, and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for their Right and Interest to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, so to be divided and allotted, and also for their Consent to the said Division and Inclosure thereof, over and above and exclusive of such Share and Allotment, Shares and Allotments thereof, as shall be allotted to them in respect of their Right of Common thereon: Provided always, that the Plot or Parcel of Ground, Part of the said Commons,

Moors, or Wastes, lying near the Town of Alston, upon which Two Fairs are now held in each Year, shall be allotted to the said Lords of the said Manor, in Part of their said One Sixteenth Share; but nevertheless without Prejudice to the said Fairs being continued to be held thereon at the usual Days and Times in each Year, as heretofore used and accustomed; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Governors, and their Successors and Assigns, to use and enjoy the fame Ground, Plot or Parcel of Ground, at all other Times, in such Way and Manner as they shall think proper.

XXIV. And whereas the said Commissioners and Governors as Lay CommiflSon-Impropriators thereof, are entitled to all and all Manner of Tythes ternorsof* as well Great as Small, or certain Modules in lieu thereof, (except the Greenwich Tythes of Geese, Pigs, and Hens), and also to Mortuaries arising, re- Lay im’pro? newing, or increasing, within and throughout the Whole of the said Pa- priaior* of rifli of Alston: And whereas the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, smaUTyth"*! Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Alston (other than such as are situate within the Hamlet or District of Priorfdale, or within the District of Gilderfdale Forest or Gild erf dale Pasture), are desirous that a reasonable Share of their respective Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, shall be set out and allotted to the said

1472

Allotment* to the Co I'rtifl* fiontrs, &fr.

Tythe A'laments to be in lieu o: Tythes.

43° GEORGII ill. Cap. 82.

said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors and AlTgns, equivalent to and in lieu of, and in Compensation and Satisfaction for the Tythes and Modules (except Mortuaries) to which the said Commissioners and Governors are entitled, as well out of and from the said Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as out of and from their several Allotments by virtue of this Act, to which said Desire the said Commissioners and Governors have acceded, as also to the Desire of the said Owners and Proprietors, that a Share of the said Commons, Moors, or Waites, shall be set out and allotted to them the said Commissioners and Governors, equivalent to and in lieu of, and in Compensation and Satisfaction for the Tythes to which the said Commissioners and Governors would other wise be entitled to, out of and from the Part or Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Walles, which shall be sold by the Commissioners in pursuance of the Directions in this Act contained, to the Latent that such Part or Parts so fold may be held by the respective Pur-ehafers thereof, freed and discharged of and from all Tythes, in like Manner as the other Lands allotted and divided under this Act are to be holden, under and by virtue of the Compensation herein provided for and given to the said Commissioners and Governors in that Behalf; be it therefore further enacted, That they the said Commissioners acting under this Act shall and they are hereby required, at a special Meeting or special Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, according to the belt of their Skill and Judgement, to examine into, estimate, ascertain, and settle the Value of the said Tythes and Modules, and shall set out, allot, and award, in One or more Plot or Plots, unto and for the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors and Assigns, so much of the said Commons, Moors, or Waites, lo to be divided, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be deemed equivalent to, and a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all Tythes and Modules that might thenceforth arise and grow due to them the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, out of, from, or in respect of, as well the several Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act, as all other the Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, within the said Parish of /ilston, other than such as are situate within the Hamlet or District of Priorfdale aforesaid, or within the District called Gilder/dale Forcjl or Giider/dale Pcjlure aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments which shall be set out to or for the said Comm ilioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, as Lay Impropriators as aforesaid, shall be in lieu of, and in full Compensation and batisfaction for all the Great and Small Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, (except Mortuaries), arising, growing, renewing, increasing, appertaining, or due or payable to them, from, out of, or in respect of all and every the Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act, and all other the Messuages, Mills, Lands, and Tenements, within such Parts of the said Parish as are not situate within the Hamlec or District of Prior/-dale aforesaid, or within the District of Gildcrfdale Forest or GUder/dale Pasture aforesaid; and the fame Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, shall immediately from and after the making and setting ouc the Allotments in lieu and Satisfaction thereof as aforesaid, or at such other Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82. H?3

in and by their General Award, or any Writing to be signed by them previous to the Execution of their said Award, direct or appoint, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished 5 but all Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, arising, growing, renewing, increasing, appertaining, or due or payable to the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, within the said Dif-trifts of Priorfdale, and Gilderfdale Forest or Gilderfdale Pajiure, or either of them respectively, and also all Mortuaries, shall at all Times hereafter continue, and be paid and payable to the said Commissioners and Governors, and their Successors and Assigns, in the same Manner as the same are or would have been paid and payable if this Act had not been passed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall,

either before or within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution such Allot- s of their General Award, cause the Allotment or Allotments so to be jjlt; awarded to the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors and Tenures' &c. Assigns, as an Equivalent for such Tythes, and Modules or Compositions for Tythes as aforesaid, to be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced with a good and sufficient Boundary Fence or Fences, the Expence whereof, as also of carrying this Act into Execution in respect of such Allotment or Allotments, shall be sustained, borne, and defrayed by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, whose Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Allotments respectively, shall be exonerated from Tythes, and Modules or Compositions for Tythes as aforesaid, in Proportion to the Value of their Tythes, and Modules or Compositions for Tythes so extinguished respectively; and the said Commissioners Are hereby authorized and required (o assess the fame upon the several and respective Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, so chargeable with the Payment thereof, and such Expences shall and may be recovered by the lame Ways and Means as are herein provided and directed for recovering the general Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, (in case of a Deficiency of the Money arising from Sales as aforesaid); and from and after making the same inclosure or Inclosures, and Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, to the said Allotment or Allotments, all such Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, shall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair by the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors and Assigns, and the Owner and Owners of the adjoining Allotment or Allotments, or any of them, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their General Award, order, direct, and appoint.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment of and they are hereby required in the next Place to set our, divide, assign,

allot, and appoint the Residue of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, mons.

(after the said several Allotments herein-before directed to be made as aforesaid, shall have been made and set out accordingly), unto and amongst the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal HofpL tal, their Successors and Assigns, and the several other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, having Right of Common upon the said Commons,

Moors, or Wastes, in Proportion and according to the respective Values of their several Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments*

£.Lac. & PirJy ~ \y A in

W\

Encroachments to be allotted to Persons in Possession thereof.

Proprietors of small Allotments may gi»e up the lame, if only of »o/. Value or under.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

in tefpeft whereof they are federally and respectively entitled thereto as aforesaid: Provided always, that all Houses and Buildings not occupied with iome Farm of Land on the Twelfth Day of May which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred, shall be valued fepaiately from the Lands, Garths, and Gardens; and the Allotments to be made in respect of such Houses or Buildings, shall beless by One Third in Proportion to the Value of such Houses and Buildings, than the Allotments to be made in respect of any Lands, Garths, and Gardens; but no le-parate Valuation shall be made of any Houses or Buildings which were occupied with, and were Part and Parcel of any Farm of Land on the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred, but such lait mentioned Houses and Buildings shall be considered as included in the Valuation of the Lands, constituting such Farm to which they respectively belong; and that all Mills (if any) having Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes hereby intended to be divided, shall be also separately valued, and the Allotments to be made in respect of such Mills, shall also be less by One Third In Proportion to the Value of such Mills, than the Allotments to be made in respect: of Lands or Grounds.

XXVI1L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in all Cases where the fame can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupation of the adjoining Lands, to assign and allot unto such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, entitled to and having Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, as are in the Possession of any such Encroachment or Encroachments as is or are herein-before directed to be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, all and every the Lands and Grounds comprised therein, and all Edifices and Buildings erected thereon, for and in Part of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively by virtue of this Act, unless it shall happen that such respective Encroachments shall be greater or more (Quantity and Quality considered) than the Allotment or Allotments would amount unto, which such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, in the Possession of such Encroachment or Encroachments respectively, would be entitled to, for and in respect of their ancient Estate, in which Cafe a proportionable Part of such Encroachment or Encroachments shall be deducted from the same respectively; and the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required, in their Valuation of such Encroachments, for the Purposes aforesaid, to estimate the fame, according to their original Value in their open State, without any Regard to the Improvements made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings which are erected or built thereupon.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons entitled to an Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, shall, by any Writing under their respective Hands, or the Hand of their respective Attornies, Stewards, or Agents, to be delivered to the said Commissioners at their said Hrft, Second, or Third Meeting, or at a Special Meeting to be holden for that Purpose by the said Commissioners previous to the setting out Allotments, exp refs i. a Desire

43° GEORGII III. Cap. Si.

a Desire to give up his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, for 1 Valuable Consideration in Money, then and in such Case he, fine, or they shall have such pecuniary Compensation paid to him, her, or them, in lieu thereof, as shall be ascertained by the said Commissioners to be a full Equivalent, provided the Amount of the Sum so to be ascertained and paid as aforesaid shall not in any Case exceed Twenty Pounds, and in all Cases where pecuniary Payments shall be made in lieu of such small Allotments as aforesaid, the fame Allotments shall be divided among the other Owners of Allotments according to their several Proportions, and the Sums payable in lieu of such Allotments shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies hereby directed to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, shall hold their respective Lands or Hereditaments, by different Tenures or for different Estates, or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and distinguisfi the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of such Tenures, for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively, and shall also set out and distinguisfi the different Allotments or other Hereditaments to be accepted and taken as an Equivalent in respect of each of them, and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set forth and declare, in and by their said General Award in Right of what Estates in particular such Allotments shall have been respectively made, and therein also separately to describe and ascertain the Situation of every such Allotment, and of what particular Tenure such Allotments respectively are.

XXXI. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That all the Allotments to be set out and made by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Property granted or demited, or held by any Leases or Agreements for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty one Years, at Rack Rent, shall be allotted to the respective Lessors or Owners of fitch Property, and shall be held and enjoyed by them respectively, free from all Right, Title, and Interest of their respective Lessees or Tenants, by virtue of or under such Leases or Agreements; and such respective Lessors or Owners shall make such Abatement of the Rents reserved or made payable by such Leases or Agreements respectively, for and on Account of their taking such Allotments, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be just and reasonable, and shall, in and by their General Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, ascertain, direct, and appoint.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any All lotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held by beneficial Leases for any Term of Years exceeding Twenty-one Years, the said Commissioners shall, in and by their General Award, assign and appoint all such Allotments as last aforesaid, to the Person or Persons entitled to such Term of Years, who shall hold the fame for the Residue of his _t Estate,

*475

Distinct Allotments to be made for Lands holden by different Tenures, etc.

Allotments for Property granted by Leases at Ha k Rent, to be set out to the Lcllors,

Allotments for Messuages etc.

t47f 4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

Estate, Terms andjnterest therein, fuhje&ro the Provision$ and Regulations of this Act.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Share and Shares of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, to be allotted to the said beneficial Leaseholders respectively, for and in respect of the said Estates in Lease as aforesaid, shall nevertheless, from and after the Determination of their I^ales respectively, go, remain, and revert to such Person and Persons as shall be entitled to such Estates in respect whereof the same shall be allotted respectively, which Person or Persons shall severally have and enjoy the fame Estate, Right, Title, Powers, and Interests in such Share or Shares as he, she, or they shall have in and to the Estates for and in respect whereof such Shares shall be allotted respectively, subject nevertheless as aforesaid.

w

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

aMo’teii to the entitled in Fee-Simple to any Allotment or Allotments of the said Com-Uie a'ti'erVl^ monsi Moors, or Wastes, shall, by any Writing under his, her, or their Award. Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings previously to their preparing a Draught of their General Award, signify and declare that he, she, or they hath ot have fold and disposed of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, to any Person or Persons to be named and described in such Writing, and shall desire the same to be set out, allotted, and appointed to the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, the said Commissioners in every such Case shall and they are hereby authorized to set out, allot, and appoint the said Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall have so given Notice of their having fold and disposed thereof to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Notice to be the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Allotment or Allotments; and the said Allotment or Allotments so fold and disposed of, shall in every such Case, from and after the Execution of the said General Award of the said Commissioners, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be vested in and settled upon the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been, by such Notice or Writing as aforesaid, so signified and declared to have been so sold as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to all In* tents and Purposes whatsoever.

Exchange*.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out, ailigo, or allot any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Messuages, Buildings, inclosed Lands or Grounds, or other Hereditaments in the Parish of AIJion aforesaid, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the same Parish, so that every such Exchange be set forth and afeerrained by the General Award of the said Commissioners, or some Deed or Deeds to be executed by the said Commissioners at any Time before or within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Date of the said Award, and also be made with the Consent of the respective Proprietors or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corpotate, feiied or entitled in 1’offession of or to the Heredi-daments so to be exchanged, for any Life or Lives, or for a Term or 1'erms of Years absolute, of which One hundred Years and upwards ara

unexpired

Allotments to L?afe-lioldei 8 to go, alter the Dr-termination of their Leases, to the Reversioners.

Allotments iold mav hr

43° GEORGII HI, Cap. 82.

*477

unexpired, or for some Estate of Inheritance, or of the Husband*,

Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietor*, who shall at the Time of making such Exchanges be Femes Covert, In* fants, Lima treks, Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disabiliry or Incapacity of acting for themselves; and so that eyety such Exchange of any Hereditaments belonging to the Vicar of the Parish of-Aljtort aforesaid, be also made with the Consent of the Patrons thereof* and the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being respectively* such Con-fents to be respectively signified by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the consenting Parties, or under the Seals of such of them as are Corporations Aggregate; and every Exchange so made and declared, shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in Law; and the respective Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall become and be of the fame Tenure, and held under the fame Rents and Services, and go and remain to and upon the same Uses and Trusts, and be subject to the fame Powers,

Conditions, Covenants, and Agreements, as the Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall be exchanged, are or shall be subject and liable to, or would have been subject or liable to, in case the Exchange thereof had not been made.

XXXVI. Provided always, That no Exchange or Exchanges whatever shall be made, except of Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or except Free-Hereditaments, for Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- JjoldfwFree. tamencs, or except of Leasehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or He- hoij’for reditaments, where the Term therein (half be more than One hundred Leasehold. Years to come for Leasehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, where the Term therein shall be more than One hundred Years, to come.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that the said Commissioners and Governors of the said etc. under Royal Hospital, or any other Proprietors of ancient Freehold Messuages, p^ehoUTBii Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall exchange any of their an- t»tes, Oc. cient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for any Allotment or Allotments of the said Cpmrpons, Moors, or Whites, to be set out and allotted to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, by virtue of this Act, then and in such Case the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, or such other Proprietors of the ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so exchanged as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Successors, and Assign', shall, from Time to Time and at all Times for ever thereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all and all Manner of Mines, Minerals, Foflils, and Quarries whatsoever, lying, being, and remaining within and under the said ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be given in Exchange, and a]l Liberties, Power#,

Privileges, and Authorities for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof respectively, ip as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, 3? they and every of them couki or might, or opght to have had, held, or enjoyed, or were entitled to have, hold, or enjoy such Mines, Minerals, Fofuls, or Quarries, and Liberties,-Powers, Privileges, and Authorities aforesaid respectively, in case this Act had not beenmade, or in case such ancient Me£

[ioc*& Per.]

>7 B

fuages.

'1478

Referring the Right to Mines to the Lords of the Manor.

Notides to be published in the Carlifie Journo! and Htvtttfilt Ciuratl.

Award to be

inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

fuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, had not been given in Exchange for such Allotment or Allotments, making reasonable Satisfaction for Damage and Spoil of Ground to be occasioned thereby, such Damages to be ascertained, settled, and determined (in case the Parties differ about the fame) in like Manner as herein after is mentioned with respect to ascertaining Damages to be done by winning, working, leading, and carrying away Mines, Minerals, Foflils, and Quarries, within and under the Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, which are herein-after particularly reserved to the said Commissioners and Governors, Lords of the said Manor of Alston otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases of such Exchanges of ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for any Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, all and every the Mines, Minerals, Foffils, and Quarries, lying and being within and under the said Allotment or Allotments so to be given in Exchange, shall remain the Property of, and be held and enjoyed by the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors and Assigns, with all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof respectively, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Exchange or Exchanges had not been made.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Notices which by this Act or the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, are required to be given or published in some publick Newspaper, of setting out publick Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commissioners, and of any other Act, Matter, or Thing, shall be inserted in The Carlisle 'Journal and Newcastle-upon-Tyne Courant, or if those Newspapers shall not then respectively be published, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Cumberland and at Newcastle-upon-Tyne respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the General Award to be made by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, and this Act, shall be inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, and a Duplicate of such Plans or Surveys as may be annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, to remain with the Records of the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace there; and the said original Award, after the Inrolment thereof, together with the Plans and Surveys annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited at Lowbyer, with the Moor Master of Alston Moor for the Time being, in a certain Chefl to be denominated and called The Alston Moor Commons Award Chejl, and to be carefully preserved in such Chest, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said Division; which said Award, and every other Award and Instrument to be lodged with the said Awards shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times, upon reasonable Notice of the Party requiring such Inspection.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, shall be required to make and deliver a Copy or Copies of the Duplicate of the Plan or Plans annexed to the said General Award depofued with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, a reasonable Payment shall be made to him (over and above the Charge for Stamp Duties, and for the Copy or Copies of the said Awards and Instrumencs, or any Parts thereof) for a Copy or Copies of such Plan or Plans, or any Part thereof; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between the said Clerk of the Peace, and the Person or Persons requelling a Copy or Copies of such Plan or Plans, or any Part or Parts thereof, touching such Allowance, then and in such Case the same shall be settled and ascertained by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, in General Quarter Sessions assembled, or by the major Part of them; and the fame being so settled and ascertained shall be final and conclusive to the said Parties.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, at the Requell, Colls, and Charges of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, his, her, or their Stewards or Agents, having any Allotment or Allotments of the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, or other wise interested therein, at any Time before the depofning of the said Award, make and execute a Duplicate or Duplicates of the said Award, Plans, and Surveys, or any of them, for the Use of the Person or Persons requelling the fame; and such Duplicate or Duplicates shall at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in ali Courts v/hatsoever.

XLI1T. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment and Allotments of Lands and Grounds which shall be made, set out, or appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall be held by the fame Tenure, and shall be subject to the fame yearly and other Rents and Payments, Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services, (except where any of the Provisions of this Act shall be to the contrary), as the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out or allotted, are and have heretofore been holden respectively; and the Lords of the said Manor of Aljton otherwise Alfton Moor and Garra-

- gill, their Successors and Alligns for the Time being, shall have the fame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities for recovering and enforcing the fame respectively, as they could or might have had in respect of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, arid Hereditaments, before the passing of this Act;

- but the said several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels

-of Ground shall be so set out and a’lotted, and the Allotments made in respect thereof, shall not, nor shall any of them, be subject to any new or increased yearly or other Rents, Payments, Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, or Services whatsoever, to the Lords of the said Manor of Alston otherwise Alfton Moor and Garragill, their Successors or Alligns, for the Time being.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conllrued, deemed; or

adjudged

147-9

Copies of Plans maybe delivered on a reasonable Sum being paid for the same to the Clerk of the Peace.

Commissioneri may erne, cute Dupli> cares of the Award.

Allotments to be of the fame Tenure as ihe ancient Lands.

Act not to affect Wills, but Allot-

t'486 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

to'th*fairs° fudged to revoke, alter, annul, or make void any Settlement,'Deed, Ufet. Will, or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons whom-

soever having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof any Allotment of the said Commons, Moors, or Walles, shall be made by virtue of this Act; but that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be assigned or allotted upon the said Division to the several Proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after the Execution and Proclamation of the General Award of the said Commissioners, be veiled in, and remain, continue, and enure to, and be held and enjoyed by the several Perfbtts, Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whbm the same shall be assigned or allotted respectively, and they shall from'thenceforth Hand and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Interests, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and subject and liable to the fame Wills, Limitations, Estates, Conditions, Settlements, ProvisoCs, Remainders, Reversions', Leases,’ Debts, Charge’S,' and Incumbrances of every Kind, as the several Hereditaments' in respect whereof the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be respectively assigned or allotted, would have Hood feveially limited'or settled to or upon, or have been severally subject and liable to, if such Allotments thereof had not been made, or this Act had nor passed, except as to such Leases and Agreements a‘t Rack Rent as shall be determined under this Act, or where any other Provisions of this Act shall be to the contrary.

c*rtainL*ndi

XLV. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Pro-Sv&e'drf- Pr'etofs of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be divided, ter die making allotted, of exchanged, by virtue of this Act, shall hold their respective rJ Awwd!' Mnds an4 Hereditaments by different Tenures, or for different Estates, or under different Titles, and where, from the Want of the necessary Information befofe the said ComtTiiilroners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall Have omitted the distinguishing and ascertaining of the Lands or other Hereditaments holden by each of such Tenures, for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively, and the setting out and awarding of several and difiind Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments as herein-before is required, and after the making of the said Award Requell shall be made to tke faii Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his or ttieir Hand of Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a fepa. rate Instrument, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplying such Omission, and To far as that Purpose shall require, to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and ad as if the Award had not bqen made, and when they shall have obtained what they shall think sufficierit Information, are hereby also authorized, by any £>eed under their Hand's and Seals, to distinguish and ascertain the Difference of Tenures, Estates, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make difiind and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required where such Discrimination should be eftntained in the said Award j and every such fegarate Jnflrumerit, after having been' duly executecT by the said Commissiohe’rs, shall have the fame t ried as if it were contained in the said

43° GEORGII III. Cap. Si.

14.81

fnld Award, and shall be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whole Requfeft: the said Omission shall have been (applied* or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in Question, shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, most properly belong for the Time being, and all Expences which shall be real'onably incurred in or about any such Supplemental Instrutnent as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Person or Persons who shall have lo requeued the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or by his or their Ileirs,-Executors, or AdminiltTators.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the F.xpences vicar’s Alio*, of inclosing, hedging, and fencing the Allotment or Allotments to be td made to the Vicar of /Hston aforesaid, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies hereby directed to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution; and after making such Inclosures, Hedges, and Fences, the same shall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair by the said Vicar and his Successors, and the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Allotment or Allotments, or any of them, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners by their General Award shall direct.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the several other Allotments Allotments to (except as herein mentioned) to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be-be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, by and at the Expence of such respective Proprietors, f except the said Vicar), in such Manner and within such Time, and shall be from thenceforth kept in Repair in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall in their General Award order and direct.

XLVIII. And whereas considerable Parts of the said Commons, Moors, Allotments of or Wastes, are of very little Value, and will not at present bear the Ex- "Option pence of being inclosed, and it may be proper to enable the Owners of may remain the Allotments of such Parts thereof to occupy such their Allotments in common, under proper Regulations; be it therefore further enacted.

That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in and by their said General Award, to ascertain and declare what particular Allotments are of such Description, and that in every such Case the said Allotments shall and may remain uninclosed, but be occupied in common exclusively, by the several Owners whole Allotments shall be so ascertained and declared to be of the Description lad mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall and they are also hereby required to ascertain, and to specify and set forth in their said Award, the proportional Value of such Allotments for regulating the dinting thereof: Provided always, that if any of the Owners of such lad mentioned Allotments shall think fit at any Time afterwards, to fence off and inclose their respective Shares or Allotments, it shall be lawful for them so to do, upon the Conditions mentioned and expressed in and by this Act and the said General Award, as to the fencing off and inclosing such their respective Allotments; and after such respective Allotments shall be so fenced off, the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively shall be and are hereby excluded and debarred from holding and enjoying any Right or Stints in the Residue of such Allotments so occupied in common as aforesaid.

[Loc. 6? Per.-]

«7 C

T482 4.30 GEORGII III. Gap. 82.

{otments°ui*

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case such last mentioned imlofed, 10 Allotments, or any of them, shall remain uninclosed’, it shall be lawful make Orders for the Owners of such Allotments for the Time being, or the greater the u?nVof S Part of them in Value, (such Value tobe ascertained by the proportional the.r Allot- Value of such Allotments, and set forth by the said Commissioners in their said Award), from Time to Time after the said Award, by Writing under their Hands, to make such Rules and Orders for regulating the Manner of using and occupying the said Allotments, or such of" them as shall remain uninclosed as aforesaid, and of flocking the fame with Cattle, Sheep, and other Stock, and for limiting and dinting the Number and Kinds of the said Stock, (each Proprietor of such Allotments continuing nevertheless to be entitled to a just Proportion, according to the Extent of his Interest), and for limiting the Times and Seasons of docking, and such other Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the' bet-' ter Management, and more convenient Enjoyment thereof, as they shall from Time to Time think proper, and for the mutual Benefit of all Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests; and also from Time to Time in like Manner to annul, repeal, or alter all or any of such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and make such others as they shall deem expedient, and for the mutual Benefit of all Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Intereds; and such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, so long as the same shall continue in force, shall be binding upon and observed by all Persons interested in such Allotments in respect of which such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall be-made-: Provided always, that none of the Owners or Occupiers of such last mentioned several Allotments for the Time being, shall, after the Inclosure thereof, be liable, by reason there, of, to repair the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by virtue of the herein-before recited Act of the Forty-fifft Year of the present Reign, through and over such last mentioned Allotments, but that the fame publick Carriage Roads and Highways shall at all Times, after such Inclosure, continue to be supported and kept in Repair, by such Persons and in like Manner as the orher ptrblrik Roads within the said Tarish of Alfton, are by Law to be amended and kept in ' Repair.

Proprietors of L. And whereas the said Commissioners and Governors of the said 1 be entitled to° Hospital are desirous of encouraging the planting and Growth of

ail Timber Timber, Wood, and Underwood, on the Allotments which shall bd their Allot. made by virtue of this Act, to their Lessees for long Terms of Years; menti, isti. be it therefore further enacted, That the several and respective Lessees of the said Commissioners and Governors, who shall become entitled to arty Allotment or Allotments by virtue of this Act, for any Term of Years, , of which One hundred Years are now unexpired, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and may respectively, at all Times during the Residues of such Terms, and when they are respect" lively entitled in Possession to any such Allotments, fully, freely, peaceably, and quietly have, hold, and enjoy, to and for their own respective Use and Benefit, and cut down, remove, fell, and dispose of, and take, lead, and carry away the Whole of such Timber Trees and other Trees, Woods, Underwoods, and Plantings, as they shall respectively during the Residues of such Terms plant cr set, or as- shall grow

-in

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82. 1483

in or upon their said Allotments respectively, notwithstanding such Leftees may, by reason of their Tenure, be subject to Impeachment of Waite.

LI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of siJwtw or this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons (other than cut. and except the Lords of the said Manor, their Lessees or Assigns, and the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution) to cut, dig, or carry away any Turves or Sods, in, upon, or from the said Commons,

Moors, or Waites, or any Part thereof, until the same shall be-allotted and set out as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, to the said Commissioners and Governors, Lords of the said Manor, their Successors or Assigns, such Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings nor less than Five Shillings, as shall be assessei in the Nature of an Amerciament at any Court Leet or Court Baron to be holden for the said Manor, the same to be affeered by the Affeerors then and there sworn, and which Amerciament or Amerciaments when so affeered, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Person or Persons Goods and Chattels so offending, by virtue of a Precept to the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the said Manor, to be directed for that Purpose by the S’eward of the Court of the said Manor; and the Money arising from all such Amerciaments, shall be paid to the Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

LII. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after to

cqmpleting the Division of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, and be extm-Execution and Proclamation of the General Award of the Commissioners, iSu'l,ieJ-all Rents paid for or in respect of any Encroachments made since Michaelmas in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, and all Twenty-penny Fines for the fame,- shall cease and be for ever extinguished; but all prior Arrears of such Rents and Fines shall be paid to the Lords of the said Manor, their Success>rs and Assigns, together with a proportionable Part of the accruing Rents and Fines for the Time and Number of Years which shall have run from the last Payment of such Rents and Fines, to Aiicbaelmas-day inclusive preceding the Execution and Proclamation, of the said General Award, and the same shall be recoverable in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That as well the Fees and Pay- *p1yc"°fto ments tt>'the said Commissioners, as also all the Charges and Expences be paid by the attending the surveying,' planning, and measuring, dividing and allot- Panics, if the ting the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, and of the preparing, making, and signing the Award of the said Commissioners, such several sufficient. Instruments of Appointment aforesaid, and of, (etting out the Highways or Roads, and of making any new Highways or Roads, which shall be set out,' and appointed or directed to be made by the said Commissioners, and £ll other 'Charge? and Expences incident to or attending the ' Execution of this Act, and not herein otherwise provided for or directed so be paid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several and.respective'Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whottf any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors,

or

1484 43° G E O K. G11 III. Cap. 82. or Wades, shall be respectively made, his, her, or their Heirs, Succef. for?, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the respective Putchafers of such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes; as dial I be sold by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, and also other than and except the Vicar of the said Parish of Alston for the Time being as such), in Proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments, to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners; and the several and respective Shares and Proportions of all such Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall be payable and paid by such Owners and Proprietors respectively, to such Person or Persons, and at such Times, as shall by the said Commissioners, ejtlier before or after the Execution of their General Award as aforesaid, be ordered, directed, and appointed, in Writing under theif Hands respectively, Twenty Days before the Time appointed for such Payment.

Commission-

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and

ers to p «y their own Expences. their Successors diall, at all and every of their Attendances or Meetings for putting this Act in Execution, bear and pay their own Expences; and that when and as soon as the said intended Division and other Purposes of this Act shall be finished and completed, and the said Commissioners shall have executed their said General Award, they the said Commissioners respectively shall be paid and allowed each of them the Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings for each and every Day upon which they respectively shall have attended.a Meeting, and transacted Business in, or for putting this Act in Execution, exclusive of such Meetings as the said Commissioners diall find necessary to be holden for the Purpose of ascertaining the Value of the Tythes and Modules, and making the necessary Allotments for the fame, and for which last-mentioned Meetings the said Commissioners respectively shall be allowed each of them the like Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings for each and every Day upon which they shall respectively attend and transact Business for that Purpose, to be paid by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whose Tythes and Modules shall be extinguished, and not to be placed to or included in their general Account of the Expences of executing this Act.

Commissioners to account.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby respectively required to keep or cause to be kept a just and true Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which shall be raised or received, and laid out or expended by them or by their Order, or for their Use, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, and of what shall be due or owing to them for their own Trouble or Expences; and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpose; and such Accounts diall, at lead Once in every Year from the pading of this Act, till such Accounts diall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and settled by Robert Bainbridge of Alston aforesaid. Gentleman, (who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose); and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, by such other fit and proper Person as shall be appointed Auditor in his Stead by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the Meeting

43° GEORGII IH. Cap. 8 a. 1485

Meeting of the said Proprietors for the Purpose of appointing a Commissioner in tl^e Place of the fefd William tfonkin, and such Auditor for the Time being shall from Time to Time date in Writing*unSer his Hand, the Balance of the said Accounts in such Book as aforesaid; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Auditor; and also that such Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be open *to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors or their Agents at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division arid Inclosure, and until the said Accounts shall have been finally settled and allowed; and in case the said Commissioners or their Clerk shall refuse or neglect f&to do, the Commissioner or Commissioners, or Clerk fefpe&Rely, so refusing or neglecting, shall for every such Refusal of Neglect forfeit and pay to any Person who shall sue for the same, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Power to ap. Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall think himself, herself, or pE3‘ themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every Inch Cafe (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things, as'are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, or of this Act, the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners, are dlrcfbd to be final and conclusive)( he, ffie, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Cumberland, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions assembled, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, (provided that Notice in Writing of every such Appeal, expressing the Cause of Complaint, shall have been given Fourteeh Days at lead before such General Quarter Sessions), unless the said Justices in their fard Sessions assembled, shall fee sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeal, in which Cafe they are hereby authorized to adjourn the same to the thennext General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holderrfrir the said County of Cumberland, and then to hear and determine the faine, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages and Colts which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon every such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Process or Writ whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Owners of lawful for the respective Owners and Proprietors for the Time being, of miy'git Free. \Loc. & Per.2 j 7 I) the <?<.

I486

The Act not

to prejudice the Lords of the Manor t( the Royalties &c.

Lords of the Manor to work Mines, lay Waggon Way*, &r.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

the several Lands allotted in pursuance of this Act, to win, get, and work therein Free-stones, Lime-stones, Slates, and also Clay for Bricks and Tiles, or for any other Purpose, as well for the Use of the Grounds so to be allotted to them, as for the Use of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which such Allotments shall be made, but for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and also to get Crow Coals in the said several Lands so to be allotted to them respectively, for the Purpose of burning Lime-stones into Lime, but for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, and Interest of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors or Assigns, as Lords of the said Manor of Alston otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill, of, in, and to all the Mines, Minerals, Foflils, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, lying and being within or under the said Commons, Moors, or Waites, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and also of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Manor; but that the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming by, under, or in Trull for them, as Lords of the said Manor, and all succeeding Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy all Quit Rents, Free Rents, and other Rents, Reliefs, Dues, Customs, Suits, and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, Courts, Courts Leet, and Views of Frank Pledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Perquisites of Courts and Leets, and all Things which to Courts Leet and Views of Frank Pledge, and Courts Baron, do belong or appertain, with Free Warren, and Liberty of hawking, hunting, fishing, and fowling, within and throughout the said Manor and every Part thereof, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Treasure Trove, Waifs, Eltrays, Forfeitures, Escheats, Fairs, Markets, Tolls, Customs, Stallages, Dues, Rights, Royalties, Immunities, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, Hereditaments, Matters, and Things whatsoever, to the said Manor or to the Lords thereof for the Time being, incident, belonging, or appertaining, (other than and except the Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors* or Wastes, and such Common Right thereon respectively, as could or might be claimed by them, for which Compensations are herein-before directed to be made), in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been made; and that the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors and Assigns, and all succeeding Lords of the said Manor of Alston otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill, or their Tenants, Lessees, or Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy exclusively, all Mines, Minerals, Fofiils, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, (save and except the said publick Quarries, and such other Free-stone, Lime-stone, and Slate, and Crow Coals, as aforesaid), within and under the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, hereby directed to be divided, and within and under every Part thereof,

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82. 14-87

and the several Allotments thereof, in pursuance of this Act, together with all convenient and necessary Ways and Wayleaves, and also Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, through, oven, and along the fame, or any Part thereof, and also for searching for, winning, and working the said Mines, Minerals, Foflils, and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals,

Srones, Foflils, and other Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals, Foflils, and Quarries, or Collieries, belonging to the said Comtnilhoners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, and of making Pits, Shafts, and Sumps, Pit Rooms, and Heap Rooms,

Drifts, Levels, and Watercourses, and of repairing, amending, and upholding the fame, and of erecting, building, and using Floufes, Draw-kilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines, and other Engines, Mills, and other Erediions and Buildings, and of altering, changing, pulling down, and carrying away the fame, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their free Will and Pleasure, and to do, execute, and perform all such other Works, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things,either now in Use or hereafter to be invented, as shall or may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete working, Use, and Enjoyment of such Mines, Minerals, Foflils, and Quarries, hereby reserved, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done in case this Act had not been made.

LIX. And whereas on Account of the remote Situation of the said Sitisfnflion to Manor of Alston otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill, and its Dillance done

from those Parts of the County of Cumberland where Quell ions of Right in working are determined, in the ordinary Course of Judicature, it is expedient Mmes> that certain Provisions should be made concerning the Compensation of Damages to be done in searching for, winning, or working of Mines,

Minerals, and Quarries, within or under any of the Commons or Wades hereby directed to be divided and allotted; be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, or any Person or Persons claiming under them, shall, after such Inclosures or Allotments made as aforesaid, l'earch for, win, or work any Mine or Mines, Minerals or Quarries, lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or Inclosures to be made as aforesaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, jhen and in such Case the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, or such Person or Persons fb claiming under them, shall make a reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, or by the erecting or building any Houses, Drav/kilns, Eredfions, Buildings, Fire Engines, or other Engines, Mills, or other Erections, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of such Ground at the Time or Times of such Damage or Spoil; and in all Cases where the Amount of the Damages claimed does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, such Damages, where the Parties differ about the fame, shall be ascertained, settled, and determined by Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Cumberland, (not being interested in the Premises, nor in the Assessment of such Damage), who are hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint thereof in Writing made to them by the Person

*488

Satisfaction to be made for Damages.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

son or Persons so damnified, to examine and enquire into such Complaint or Complaints in a summary Way, either by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), or by such other Evidence or Proof, Ways and Means, as to them shall seem requisitetand expedient in that Behalf, and to assess, settle, and determine.the Amount or Value of the Damages sustained by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, which Amount or Value of such Damages shall be paid and borne by the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, or the Person or Persons claiming under them as aforesaid, as the said Justices shall diieft or appoint, so as there be Fourteen Days previous Notice at least given of such Complaint or Complaints to the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns^ or their Receiver or Receivers, or Agent or Agents, for the Time being, or the Person or Persons claiming under them as aforesaid; and in case he, she, or they shall neglect or refuse to pay such Damages within a Time (not exceeding Six nor less than Two Calendar Months) to b^imited by such Justices, to the Person or Persons so injured or damnified as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, shall and they are hereby required to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or Occupiers of any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, to the said Commissioners and Governors, or upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so claiming under the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, rendering the Overplus, (if any be), after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand; and the Determination of the said Justices in the Premises shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to and upon all Parties whomsoever.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Claim of Satisfaction for such Damages as last aforesaid shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Person or Persons so claiming, shall signify such Claim in Writing to the Sheriff of the said County of Cumberland for the Time being, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of the said County of Cumberland for the Time being, and he is hereby authorized and Required to-cause a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County or Cumberland, to enquire and determine upon their Oaths (which Oath the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required to administer) what Damages have been sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Person or Persons so damnified and claiming as last aforesaid, and in order thereto, such Sheriff is hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occasion shall be or require, to fu mm on and call before the Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the fWmifes, such Witness or Witnesses having first had tendered to him or them a reasonable Satisfaction for his or their Attendance, which Oath such Sheriff is hereby required and empowered to administer, and shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in Question, if there shall be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for his own as the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as they shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and

1489

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 821

and settled such Damages and Recompence, such Sheriff shall certify such Damages and Recompence, so settled and assessed by the said Jury, to any Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Cumberland, and the said Justices shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the said Sum or Sums* of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Person or Persons so damnified as aforesaid, according to such Verdict or Intjuifition of the said Jury, which Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Older, and Determination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in case the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, or their Receiver or Receivers, or Agent or Agents for the Time being, or the Person or Persons claiming under them as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Damages within a Time to be limited by the said Justices, the same shall and maybe levied by Warrant, Distress, and Sale, in the same Manner as is last herein-before mentioned.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, T^t every Tenant Tenants piy. or Occupier, who shall have paid such Damages and Charges as afore- l^deduS^e’ said, or whose Goods and Chattels shall have been distrained and fold for fame out of Payment of the fame, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to tl,elr Rent-deduct and retain out of his or her Rent or Rents, so much Money as he or she shall so pay, or for which his or her Goods and Chattels shall be distrained and fold.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That certain Partt nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or taken ° on^not to to extend, to empower the said Commissioners to divide or allot the be divided. Commons, Moors, or Wastes, within the Hamlet or District of Priorf-dale aforesaid, or the said Diflri£l, commonly called Gilderfdale Forest or Gilder/dale Pasture aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part of the Ground upon which the Fair at Garragill Gale hath been usually held, or to extinguish or affect the Tythes, or Payments in lieu of Tythes, arising Within the fame Hamlet or District of Priorfdale, or within the said Gilderfdale Forest or Gilderfdale Pasture, or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively.

LXIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons SavinS-Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs,

Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and the several other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land or other Compensation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Allotments or Compensation shall be made, his, her, and their Heirs, Si#-cessors. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and except such ofter Rights and interests as the Intent and Purpose of the Inclosure hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished, by virtue of this Act), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and interests, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the said Commons, Moorsi or Wastes, hereby directed to be [Loc. dsT Per.J 17 £ divided

1490

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

divided and allotted, before the passing of this Act, or could or might, or ought to have had or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

Act to be

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by fc?ng*»Printer. the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and justices, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 83.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of CaJUe Bytham, in the County of Lincoln.

[11th June 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Castle Bytham in the County of Lincoln, several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing together Two thousand five hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Most Noble Brownlow Duke of Ancaster and Kesteven is or claims to be Lord of the Manor of Castle Bytbam aforesaid, and as such entitled to the Right of Soil of and in the said Commons and Waste Lands: And whereas Henry Hopkinson Esquire claims to be entitled to or interested in One-fourth Part of the said Manor: And whereas the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of The Blejfed Virgin Mary of Lincoln, are Owners of the Appropriate Rectory of Castle Bytham aforesaid; and Elizabeth Hopkinson Widow is their Lessee, and as such is entitled to the Redfortal or Great Tythes arising from the Tytheable Lands in Castle Bytbam aforesaid, and from the Tytheable Lands in Counthorpe and H lyiuell, in the said Parish or Tything of Castle Bytham: And whereas the Right Reverend Father in God George Lord Bishop of Lincoln, in Right of his See, and the said Dean and Chapter of Lincoln, are Patrons [Lee. (ft Ber.J 17 F of

1494

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

of the Vicarage of Castle Bytham aforesaid, and Thom a Fanshaw Middleton Clerk is Vicar thereof, und as inch is entitled to cue Vicarial or Small Tythes arising from the Tythi-able Lands in Ca/Ae. Bytham, Coun-thorpe, and Holywell aforesaid: And wlicie.s the la a Luke of Aneafter, Robert Heathcote Esquire, Jacob Reynardson Ll'quire, the said Htr.ry Hep-kinson, John Coverley, and others, arc Owners and Piopti n rs of the said Open Fields, Meadows, Wallcs, and other Open C mmauabiii Lands and Grounds; and the said Duke of Ancaster, tnc R ijht Honourable Brownlow Lord Brownlow. the saul Robert Hi cl beet;, the said Jac b Rey-nardson, and others, are Owners of the indofrd Lands in Cajite Bytham, Counthorpe, and Holywell aforela a: And whereas an Act was passed in the Foity-first Year of the Reign of His pie cm Maj ily, intituled, An Act for consoli dating in One Ail certain i ruvftoas ufuajiy inserted, :n Acts of Inclosure , and for Jacililating the Mode of proving the federal Faits usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the Lar ds of the reipcc-tive Proprietors in the said Open Fields are ve(y much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situate for Occupation, and in their present State are not capable of much Improvement; and ic would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in Ptoponion to their several Rights, Shares, and Intereds, and if Satisfaction was made for all the Tythes arising or payable for or in respect of the said open and inclolrd Lands; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected with: ut the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore plcale Your Majesty that it may be enacted -, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confine of the Lords S(ii;Usl and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelcrtt Parliament assembled, and by Commission- the Authority of the same, That Thomas Syfon of Empingtam in the ers appo,ii e . £ounty of Rutland, John Burcham of Conngjiy in the County of Lincoln, and John Cragg of Threckingham in the same County, Gentlemen, and their Successors to be elected in Manner here in-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners lor fie ting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the said Open Common Fields, Meadows and Waites, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Castle Bytham aforesaid, according to the Powers, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in the said ie.ited Act (except lb far as they are hereby varied or altered), and according to such Rules, Orders, Provisions, and Di red ions as are hertin-after expressed and contained, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution; and that it shall Two Commif- be lawful for any Two of the said Commissioners to do and perform fionerimay every or any Act anj Thing necessary to be done in pursuance of this Act, and to puc in force and execute all and every the Powers and Authorities in this Act contained; and the lame when f.j done, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposts, as if done, perlormed, or executed, by all the said Ccininissioners.

of Pnew Com* And be further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners ap-

missioners. pointed by this Act, or who shall have been cleded in pursuance thereof

in Manner herein-after mentioned, foal! the decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them respectively veiled, then and in every such Case, a new Commissioner or new Commissioners shall be elected and appointed

1495

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

pointed in the Room or Stead of every Commissioner or Commissioners to dying, declining, or refuting to ad, or becoming incapable ol aitirg in Manner following; (that is to say,', if the said Thomas Syfon shall die, decline, or retule to act, or become incapable of acting, it shall be lawful for the said Robert Lleathcote, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their known Agents or Attornies, by Writing unoer their respective Hands, or the Hands of a Majority of them, to cletl and appoint anew Commissioner, not interested in the iai 1 Division and Inclosuie, in the room of the said Thomas Syfon, and lo from Time to Time as often as any Comm.flioner so to be appointed as lull aforesaid, shall die, decline, or refule to ad, or become incapible of acting; and it the said John Eurcham shall die, decline, or Fefufe to ad, or become incapable of acting, it shall be lawful for the said Bishop of Ltruoln, the said Dean and Chapter of Lincoln, and their Successors, and their Leffce or Lessees for the Time being, and the said Thomas Fanjhavj Middleton and his Successcns, Vicars of Castle Bytham aforesaid, or the major Part of them, their known Agents or Attornies, by Writing under their respective Hands, to elect and appoint a Commissioner, not interested in the said Division and Inclosure, in the Room or Stead of the said John Burcham, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner lo to be appointed as lait aforesaid shall die, decline, or refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting; and if the said John Ctagg shall die, dedin*, or refuse to art, or become incapable of acting, it shall be lawtul for the Lord or Lords of the.laid Manor, and the Majority jn Value of the Proprietors ol and Redons interested in the Lands and Grounds, directed by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or his or their known Agents or Attornit s fexcepr the said Ro ert HeathiOte, and also except the said Dean and Chapter of Lincoln, and the.r Successbis, and their Lcfice or Lefties, in respect, of mch Li aiehold Property, and the said Thomas Fanshaw Middleton, and his Successors, Virais as aforesaid), who shall be pielent at a publick Meeting 10 b' he’d lor that Purpose, in the Parish Church of Cajde B them aforesaid, in pur u-ance of Notice in Writing to be affixed on One of the principal outer Doors of the said Church, ac lead Fou tce n Days before such Meeting, by Writing ur:d.-r their Hands to appoint a Commissioner, not interested in the said Division and Inclosure, in the Room or Stead of the said John Cragg, and so from Time to Time, as often as any Commissioner, so to be appointed by the said Proprietors, shall die, refuse, or decline to act, or become incapable of ailing; and in case the said respective Patties, or any of them, shall make Default in appointing any fui h new Corritfiil-fioner for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the Death.of any Commissioner, or of his declintrg or refusing to ad, or becoming incapable ofaaing, shall be known, then the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall and they and he are and is hereby required, from Time to Time, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hind, within One Calendar Month after the Expira.ion of the said Two Calendar Months allowed to the respective Parties for appointing such new Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, to elect and appoint a Cotn-milftoner, not interested in the said Division and Inclufure, in the room of every Commissioner dying, declining, or refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; arid every Cc mmissioner to he appointed as aforesaid, shall have the like Power and Authority, in ihe Execution of this Act, as the Commissioner in whefe Room or Stead he shall be appointed was veiled with.

*496

CominifiV.tiers A.low-ance.

Surveyors A1 lowance.

Commission-ets to give Notice of Meetings,

Other Notices how to be given.

Commissioners to appoint a Clerk or Clerks.

4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

Ill And fce it further enacted, That out of the Money to be raised frr defraying ihe Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, there shall be paid to each of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution thereof, as a Rrcomptnce for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum ot Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and no more, for each and every Day he shall be employed in travelling to or returning from, and attending in the Execution of this Art, and that at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Att, the said Commissioners shall bear and pay their own Expences; . anil that there shall be paid to the Surveyor o' Surveyors to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, Inch Sum or Sums of Money for every Acre of 1 he Land and Ground to be i’urveyed and admeasured in pursuance thereof, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all his Expences and Charges whatsoever, on attending the said Commissioners, and in surveying and admeasuring the said Lands and Grounds, and in planning and flaking out the several Allotments intended to be madej and in making such Maps and Plans as may be requisite respectively by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given in the Parish Church of Castle Bytham aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing, to be affixed on One of the principal outer Doors of the said Church, and also by Adveitisement to be inferred in the Newspaper called The Lincoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, or in some other Newspaper published or generally circulating in the said County of Lincoln, of the Time and Place of their Full and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, at leafs Seven Days before any such Meeting shall be held (Meetings by Adjournment only and always excepted), and that the said Commissioners shall and may adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall see Occasion, for the further Execution of this Act; and in case Two Commissioners shall not meet at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners present at such Time and Place, or for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to adjourn the said Meeting to be held on any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or any other Place, and the Commissioners or C'erk making such Adjournment, is hertby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to the absent Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be so made and given by Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the said Parish Church, or by Adveriisement to be inserted in the said Newspaper called The Lincoln, Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, or some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Lincoln.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may at the First or any other Meeting to be held under or by virtue of this Act, appoint a Clerk or Clerks to attend them in the Execution of this Act, and at any subsequent Meeting or Meetings may remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint another or others in his or their room.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Proprietors of or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in any of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments intended to be divided and allotted by this Act, or touching or concerning any of their Rights or Interests therein, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required and authorized to hear, adjudge, and determine such Dispute or Difference, both as to the Ferlon or Perfor.s to whom the Allotment shall be made, and as to the Specification of the Lands or Hereditaments about which such Dispute or Difference shall arise, and what the Allotment or Allotments in lieu of such Lands or Hereditaments should be, and every such Determination shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons whomsoever, so far as it specifies such Lands or Hereditaments, and fixes what the Allotment or Allotments shall be in lieu thereof; but no such Determination of the said Commissioners, as to the Person or Persons to whom they shall award any such Allotment or Allotments shall exclude Persons who shall deem themselves injured by such Determination, from asserting and trying their Rights at Law or in Equity, in respect of the Title to any such Allotment or Allotments, so that no Trial or Judgement thereupon shall suspend or impede the Execution of this Act for any other Purpose: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Hearing and Determination of any such Disputes or Difference by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered upon Application to them for that Purpose to settle, afiefs, and award such Colts, Charges, and Expences, as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any such Dispute or Difference shall be determined to be paid by the Party or Parties whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be disallowed or overruled; and such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Ways and Means, as the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act are hereby directed to be levied and recovered.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be diffadsfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, tbuching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so diffadsfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter fa determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Lincoln, and for that Purpose the Peifcm or Persons who shall be diffadsfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons. in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants

[Loc. & Per.~\ 17 G iq

1497

Commissioners to determine Differences, etc-

Commissioners may award Colls on disputed Claims.

Allowing Parties diffatil-fied to try their Rights by an Act ion at Law.

1498 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more issue or Blues whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such IiTue or Blues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame), and the Verdict or Verdicts which final) be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and tonclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomlo-ever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall let aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cases , and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not let aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that, the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or other Rights or Intercfls, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objeding not cauf-ing such Action or Actions at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties,

Parties die',e And ^e further eoaded, That if any of the Parties in any Ac-

Proceeding’s tion or Actions to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pend-

not to abate. ffig the fame, such Action or Actions shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

Commission-

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and the Course of may* as f°on as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act (if they Husbandry. shall think it necessary or proper}, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on One of the principal outer Doors uf the Parish Church of Castle Bytbam aforesaid, order and direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be used, in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, until they shall have made and completed the said Division and Allotments, as well with respect to the laying down, ploughing, lowing of Grass Seeds, fallowing and tilling thereof, as of the flocking and eating the Fallows and Stubbles, and also the cutting of Furze, Gorse, Thorns, or Bullies, upon the Lands intended by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and to make such Recompence for the same as they shall think right, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, to be affixed on the Church Door as aforesaid, shall and may make such further Orders and Regulations touching the Conduct of the Farmers and Occupiers of Lands within the said Parish, for preventing them from committing Waste upon any of the Lands or Grounds therein, until the Division and Allotment intended by this Act shall be completed, as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper and expedient; all which Orders and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all Parties concerned , and the said Comniifli mers shall and may set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures on every Person not conforming to such Orders and Regulations as they Hi II think

ueccssary,

1499

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

nectffiry, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds on any One Person for any One Offence; which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and Hull be applied for such UlVs and Purposes, as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, or by their Award, order, direct, and appoint; and shall and may also settle, adjudge, and determine what Portion of the Manure shall belong to the Landlords and Tenants respectively, jn such Cales where the Tenant is entitled by Agreement to the Manure arising from the Lands in his Occupation; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, and other Sum and Sums of Money so to be settled, adjudged, ordered, and determined to be paid for or on Account of the several Matters and Things aforesaid, shall be recovered and recoverable in a summary Way, before any One Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Kesteven in the said County of Lincoln, who is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint made before him, to summon the Person or Persons accused, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and to proceed to Judgement and Conviction as in Cases of a similar Nature; and if any such Penalties or Forfeitures, or other Sum or Sums of Money shall be adjudged to have been incurred or to be paid, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Penalties or Sum and Sums of Money, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending or liable to pay the fame, together with rcafunable Costs, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, by some Writing or Writings under their Hands, ascertain, order, and appoint, what Kecomp, nee and Satisfaction in Money shall be made to the Owner or Owners of any Crops of Corn or Grain growing at the Time of such Division and Allotment, on any Land or Ground to be allotted to any Person or Persons noc having Town or planted the fame, to be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Land or Ground shall be allotted; and in case of Non-payment of such Recompence and Satisfaction, at the Time and in Manner to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for such Owner and Owneirsof such Crops, and his, her, or their Servants or Agents, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds whereon such Crops shall be growing, and to cut, reap, and carry away the said Crops, and dispose thereof to his, her, or their own Use.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further eftacted, That no old Green Sward or Swarth Ground, Parcel of the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed or discharged of Tythes by the Authority of this Act, and which have not been ploughed or used in Tillage for the Space of Three Years last part before the passing of this Act, shall be ploughed or converted intd Tillage after passing the fame, until the making of such Division and Allotment thereof, and Notice given to enter upon such Allotments.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to fee out, allot, and award, Or.e or more Plot or Plots, Parcel or Parcels, of the Lands and Grounds

intended

Satisfaction to be made for Standing Crops.

Against ploughing old Swarth.

Allotment for Repair of Roads.

1500

Roads not to be flocked for Ten Years.

Allotment for Glebe and fioipmon Right.

Allotment for Tythes.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

intended by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclol’ed, as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole Five Acres, for the Purpose of getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the Roads and Ways within the Parish of Castle Bytham, and for the Erection or Repairs of Buildings in the fame, and such Plots or Parcels of Land shall be vested in the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of Castle Bytham aforesaid for the Time being, upon Trull ior the Purposes aforesaid; and all the Grass and Herbage growing, arising, and renewing, on the fame Allotment or Allotments, shall belong to and be the Property of such Person or Persons to whom the said Commissioners shall allot the fame, exclusive of all other Persons whornlo-ever, or shall otherwise be applied to and for some general Parochial or other Use or Purpose, and shall be occupied in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their laid Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, order, direct, or appoint: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to graze or keep any Cattle in or upon any of the Roads or Ways to be fee out by virtue of this Act, which shall be mads into Lanes or fenced on both Sides, for the Space of Ten Years next after the making and executing the said Award.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessee, and to the said Thomas Fanshaw Middleton, as Vicar of Castle Bytham as aforesaid, and his Successors, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hertby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to, and a full Compensation for the present uninclosed and Glebe Lands and Rights of Common respectively, belonging to the said Dean and Chapter, and the said Elizabeth Hopkinson as their Lessee, and the said Thomas Fanshaw Middleton as Vicar as aforesaid, lying or being within the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclosed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, Thar the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to set our, allot, and award unto and for the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessee, and the said Thomas Fanshaw Middleton and his Successors, Vicars of Castle Bytham aforesaid, so-inuch of the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in Counthorpe and Holywell aforesaid, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of all the Residue of the said Open Arable Lands, and such of the ancient Inclosures in Castle Bytham, Counthorpe, and Holywell aforesaid, as at the Time of passing this Act shall be, or within Three Years prior to that Time have been, used iq a regular Course of Husbandry as Arable Lands, One-ninth Part of all the said Lands, both open and inclosed, which shall be deemed to be Meadow or Pallure, and One-tenth Part of the Wood Lands within Castle Bytham, Counthorpe, and Hoywclf aforesaid, subject or liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83. 1501

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases Commirnon-where any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are held discharged p*dtu°a*k*o* of Tythes, or are subject to a Modus in lieu thereof, the Owner or Owners Modules, ev. of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be entitled to such

Share and Proportion of the Tythe Allotments, as shall in the Judgement of the Laid Commissioners be equal in Value to such Tythes, or the Difference in Value between the fame, and the Modus in lieu thereof; and the said Commissioners dial I make a Deduction from the same Tythe Allotment accordingly in Favour of such Owners or Proprietors: Provided always, that if any Tythe Owner, or other Person or Persons, shall be difia-tisfied respecting the Appropriation of the Lands to be set out in; lieu of the Tythes of any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect of any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, held discharged of Tythes, or liable only to a Modus in lieu thereof, or with any Determination respecting the fame, it shall be lawful for such Tythe Owner, or other Person or Persons, to try his, her, or their Right to any such Lands so to be set out in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, by a feigned IITue, to be had in such and the same Manner, and within such and the same Time, as is herein-before directed with respect to other KTues to be had and taken under the Authority of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Allotments and Par- Tythe Ailot-eels of Land so to be set out and allotted in respect of Tythes as afore- Jubdivided.' said, shall be divided, alloyed, and apportioned by the said Commissioners, unto and amongst the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessee,

and the Vicar of Castle Bytbam respectively, and the several Owners of Lands and Grounds held discharged of Tythes, or subject to a Modus, in lieu thereof, according to their several and respective Estates, Rights,

Shares, and Interests therein, and shall be accepted by the said Impropriators and Vicars, in lieu and full Bar and Satisfaction, Compensation, and Discharge, of and for all and all Manner of Tythes, both Great and Small,

Modules, Compositions, and other Payments whatsoever in lieu of Tythes, arising, growing, renewing, increasing, appertaining, or due or payable to them respectively, from, out, or in respect of, all and every or any Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, ancient Inclosures, inclosed Grounds, Open and Common Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Woods, Wood Grounds, Common and Waste Lands, and all other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, in Castle Bytbam, Counlborpe, and Holywell aforesaid, or either of them fEaster Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees only excepted); and that all such Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, shall, immediately from and after the making and setting out the Allotment and Allotments in lieu and Satisfaction thereof, or at such other Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing under their Hands, or by their Award, direct and appoint, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall'Allotment for and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set out and allot Material unto and for the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Castle By them afore- K'8ht,‘ said, One Plot or Parcel of Land, Parcel of the Lands add Grounds {Loc. £sf iV.] 1 y H " ‘ hereby'

1502

+3° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One-twentieth Part of the then Residue of the Commons and Waste Lands in Castle Bytham aforesaid, in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Right and Interest of the said Lord or Lords of the said Manor, in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds directed by this Act to be divided, allotted, and inclosed.

Allotment* of

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the Residue. the said Commissioners shall have set out Land for Roads, Ways, and Drains, and for getting Materials for the Repairs thereof, and made the several other Allotments herein-before directed, they the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and divide, all the Residue of the said Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Persons who, at the Time of such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be possessed of or entitled to any Land, Right of Common, or other Property therein (except such Property for which Allotments shall have been made in Manner before directed), in Proportion and according to the true and real Value of their several and respective Shares, Interests, Rights of Common, and other Property therein, and the fame, when so set out and allotted, shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of and for such their said several Shares, Rights, and Interests in the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and shall be ascertained and adjusted by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and expedient, subject nevertheless to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations, herein and in the said recited Act contained.

«r°tobecon

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments, Ex-ciufivi upon changes. Partitions, Divisions, Orders, and Directions, to be made by Proprietor*, the said Commissioners in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be binding, final, and condusive, upon all and every the Parties interested, as well in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as in any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which by virtue of this or the said recited Act shall be allotted or exchanged, divided, or exonerated from Tythes.

Proprietor* of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners Land*t'o^a any Messuages, Cottages, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or in-

a s"ti*fa<aion dosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Castle Bytham aforesaid for Tythe*. (except as far as respects the said Hamlets or Places of Counthorpe and Holywell), shall not be entitled, upon the aforesaid Division and Inclosure, to a sufficient Quantity of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted to exonerate their oid Inclosures from tythes, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to charge the respective Owners thereof with such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall in the Judgement

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83. 1503

of the said Commissioners be a just and full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Fee Simple of the T ythes thereof respectively; and such Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and be by them applied towards defraying the Expence* of obtaining and executing this Act; and in case of Non payment thereof at the Time appointed for Payment thereof, the same shall be levied in such Manner as is provided for railing and levying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Tenants for

Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, of or for any of the Owners or Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Home- chsu-ge'theU' steads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands or Grounds, in Castle Estates with Bytbam, Counthorpe, and Holywell aforesaid, not having a sufficient so'jExoncra-Quantity of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided tion from and allotted, to exonerate his, her, or their old Inclosures from Tythes, rythe5* being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or for any of the Owners or Proprietors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or any other Contingency, or otherwise interested as aforesaid, to charge such Messuages, Cottages} Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands or Grounds, with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall by their Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands previous thereto, declare to have been paid for or on Account of the Exoneration of the Tythes thereof, and for their respective Shares of the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining, passing, and carrying this Act into Execution, not exceeding in any Case after the Rate of Five Pounds an Acre for every Acre of the Land so exonerated from Tythes as aforesaid, and to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease, or demilc, or otherwise subject such Messuages, Cottages, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands or Grounds, unto any Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum and Sums of Money respectively, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years; or in case any Person or Persons in Possession, who shall or may be liable to and charged with such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall choose to advance, pay, or discharge the fame, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Deed or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, in like Manner to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease, or demise, or otherwise subject the said Messuages, Cottages, Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, or inclosed Lands and Grounds, to such Person or Persons respectively, paying and discharging the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and AJligns, for any Term or Number of Years, to and for the Payment of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, with Interest for the fame, to commence on the Termination of his, her, or their Right or Interest in the Premises; so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease, or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease or be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered or re-assigned, when such Sum and Sums of Money thereby to be secured shall have been fully paid

1504

The Allot-inents in lieu of Ty flics to be Ring-fenced by the other Proprietors.

Owners of Freeboards to have Al’ot-ments in lieu therccf.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83;

and satisfied and also with a Covenant to pay and keep down the fnte-rtft of such Sum or Sums of Money, so that no Person or Persons afterwards becoming entitled to any lui h Messuages, Cottages, Home-steads, Gardens, Orchards, or incloLd Lands and Grounds, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for Twelve Calendar Months preceding the Time when the Title to such Poflef-lion shall have commenced; and that every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease, or Demise, shall be good, valid, and tffcftual in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended: Provided always, that in case there shall be any Surplus of the Money last herein-before directed to be paid to the said Commissioners, after defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, such Surplus shall be applied in the Manner provided by the said recited Act, with respect to the Monty paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Timber growing thereon.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments herein-before directed to be made for or in lieu of Glebe and Tythes respectively, shall be fenced of all such Parts and Sides thereof, as shall not be ordered by the said Commissioners to be made by any other Proprietor, or are not made and maintained by some other Parish or Person at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments, and against all publick Roads, with young thriving Quicksets, guarded on both Sides by good Oak Pods, with Three Rails of Fir, Oak, Ash, Elm, or other durable Wood, and a Ditch not less than Three Feet in Width at Top, and Two Feet in Depth, and good and substantial Gates shall also be fixed on such Parts of the said Fences where necessary, at the Expence of the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds directed by this Act to be divided and inclosed, and of such of the Yards, Gardens, Orchards, ancient Inclosures, and Homesteads, as shall be discharged of Tythes by virtue of this Act (except the said Broionlow Lord Brownlow in respect of His ancient incloltd Lands in Counthorpe aforesaid; and the said ’Jacob Reynardson in respect of his ancient inclosed Lands in Holywell aforesaid), in such Proportions, and shall be paid at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners, by any Writing under their Hands, or in and by their Award, shall direct or appoint.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any of the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall adjoin on any Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of l.and, left on the Outside of the Fences of any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot unto the Owner or Owners of such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, such Piece or Parcel of Land as shall be equal in Value to such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land as aforesaid; and the Fence or Fences adjoining to such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, and now belonging to any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, shall be for ever thereafter maintained and supported by and at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land respectively; and that the Allotment

or

*505

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

or Allotments so to be fee out and allotted as aforesaid, in lieu of such Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, shall be deemed and taken to be as Part and Parcel of the Parish, Township, or Place, to which the said Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, which it shall be so allotted in lieu of as aforesaid, now belongs; and the said Freeboard, Screed, or Parcel of Land, shall be deemed and taken to be as Part and Parcel of the said Parish of Cast 'e Bytbam; any Thing herein or in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments under or by virtue of this Act, to give, grant, bargain, fell, demise, mortgage, limit, convey, allure, and dispose of the fame, for ail or any Parc of his, her, or their Estate and Interest therein or Right thereto, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commis-Goners; and every such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demise, Mortgage, and Disposition thereof, as well by Will, or any other Conveyance and Assurance, shall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made af er the Execution of the said Award; and also that it shall be lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and fee out in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, separate and distinct from the Estate in Right of which he or she is entitled to the famr, in such Manner as he or she might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to award all and every such Allotment or Allotments which shall be so fold and disposed of, or be made and set out in lieu of any Common Right so sold or disposed of, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any such Sale or Disposition.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any Time previous to the Execution of their Award, in all Cases where they in their Discretion shall deem it necessary cr expedient for the due Execution of this Act, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to determine and make void all or any of the Leases or Agreements for Leases at Rack Rent, or from Year to Year, then subsisting, of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be exonerated from Tythes, and of all Lands and Hereditaments in Castle Bytbam aforesaid, which shall be exchanged by virtue of this or of the said recited Act, and of the Lands and Grounds by this Act: directed to be divided and inclosed, and of all other Lands and Hereditaments demil'ed or agreed to be demised by, or comprized in such Leases or Agreements respectively, either as to the Whole, or as to some Parc or Parts only of the said Hereditaments comprized in such Leases or Agreements respectively, and at such Time or Times in the Year as the fan! Commissioners shall think most convenient and expedient, according to the Circumstances of the Cafe; and in all Cases where any such Leases or Agreements shall be determined and made void as aforesaid,

[ Loc. ft? Per.~\ 17 / the

Proprietors may fell the A lotment before the Execution of the Award, and the Right of Common separate from the other Property.

Power to vacate Lealei at Rack Rent.

r5°6

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

the said Commissioners shall ascertain and declare whether any and what Gross Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, or any and what Deduction or Abatement in the reserved Rent or Rents shall be made by the Lessors or Landlords to the Lrfiees or Tenants, as a Compensation and Satisfaction for such total or partial Determination of their respective Leases or Agreements; and such reduced Rents, so ascertained and declared as aforesaid, shall reflectively become payable or commence at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and shall be recovered in like Mannrr as the original Rent reserved by such Lease or Agreement would have heen by Law recoverable; and in Cases where any Grols Sum or Sums of Money shall by the said Commissioners be ascertained as a Compensation to be paid by the Lessor for determining such 1 ease or Ag-eement, the tame shall be paid by such Lefior, before he or she is put into Pjffeffion of the respective Lands and Hereditaments comprized in such Lease or Agreement, or of the Allotments in respect of such Tythes as aforesaid; and in all Cales where such Leases or Agreements shall continue in force, as to the Whole, or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments therein comprized, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to ascertain and declare whether any and what additional Rent or Rents shall be paid by the Lessees or Tenants to the Lessors or Landlords, for or in respect of any Improvement in the annual Value of the Hereditaments comprized in such Leases or Agreements respectively, by reason of the fame being exonerated from Tythes, and exchanged respectively, or by the Lands and Grounds being divided and inclosed by virtue of this or of the said recited Act; and such additional Rents, so ascertained and declared as lait aforesaid, shall commence at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and shall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally reserved would have been payable and recoverable if this Act had not been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in like Manner to settle, afeerrain, and declare the Course of Husbandry to be used by such Lefices or Tenants during the Remainder of their subsisting Leases and Agreements, in ail Cases where they shall deem it necessary and proper so to do: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend to determine or make void any such Lease or Agreement for a Lease at Rack Rent, of Lands situate in any other Parish or Township than the said Parish of Ci’Jlle By I bam.

Lands allotted

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Lands and Grounds, of the fame*1 as the Authority and in pursuance of this Act be allotted to

Tenure* as any of the said Proprietors, shall be held by such Proprietors respecthe Lands in lively under the fame Tenures, Rents, Customs and Services, as the which such Lands or other Property in respect of which such Allotments shall be Allotments made were reflectively held and enjoyed by the said Proprietors before merfy'htid. the paRing of this Act, or would have been held and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made; and the several Lands and Grounds which in the said Award shall be distinguished to have been allotted in lieu or in respect ot Freehold Lands or other Property, shall, from the making and executing thereof, be deemed Freehold Lands, ’and shall irom

- ~ thence-

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83. 1507

thenceforth be held of the Lord of the Fee, under the fame Rents and by the fame Services as the Freehold Lands or other Property, in lieu or in respect of which they were allotted, were before that Time held; and the several Lands and Grounds which shall be then distinguished to have been allotted in lieu or in rtfprft of Copyhold Lands, or other Property, shall in like Manner be deemed Copyhold or Customary, amt shall be held of the Lord of the Fee thereof, under the fame Rents, and by the fame Customs, Duties, and Services, as the Copyhold Lands or other Property in lieu or in respect of which they were, io allotted, were or ought to have been held, and final! pass by the like Surrenders as the prefenc Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, La. ds,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, in lieu or in reaped whereof such Allotment fh.dl be made, are now holden under or liable ro; and the Lands and Grounds which shall be then distmguished to have been slotted in lieu or in respect of Leasehold Lands pr other Leasehold Property, shall be in like Manntr deemed Leasehold, and shall be held under the fame Rents as the Lands or other Property in lieu or in respect whereof they were i’o respectively allotted, were held; and the Reversion thereof shall be vested in the lame Lelfors respectivel’y, as tire Reversion of such ocher Lands and Properry were vtfted before the making this Act; an) Law, Cullom, 01 Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall wills and ex *n or be Conffrucd to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul n0t to be alary Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having tected. any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, L inds, or Grounds, to be divided, allott d, inclosed, exchanged, or discharged of Tythe as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but that the respective Persons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be allotted or given in Exchange by virtue of this or of the said recited Act, shall be teifed thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, whereof such Person was felled or pofftfled at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commifli mers, or for which or in re-speci whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences Expences of incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of fur- the Aa. veying, planning, valuing, dividing, allotting, and inclosing of the Lands and Grounds hereby authorized and directed to be divided^ allotted, and inclosed, and also of surveying, planning, and valuing the aid Yards,

Gardens, Orchards, old Inclosures, and Hereditaments, and of preparing and inrolling the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, ana all other Writings and Instrumencs to be executed by them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, and of the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their AfTifiants and Servants, and all other the

necessary

1508

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

necessary Expences,' in, about, and concerning the Execution of this Act, shall from Time to Time be borne, paid, and defrayed, by the several Proprietors interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed (except the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessee or Lessees, in respect of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to them for Glebe, or in lieu of Tythes, and also except the said ‘Thomas Fanshaw Middleton and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, in respect of any Allotment or Allotments to be made to him or them as such), in such Shares and Proportions, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at loch Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, either previous to or after the Execution of their said Award, order, direct, and appoint; and in case any such Proprietors shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proportions, of such Coifs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case the same shall and may be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Act.

Expences of

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Colls, Charges, and tcTbe^-n ExPences» attending the tpaking and completing of any Exchanges or the Parties. y Partitions to be made by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

Award to be

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by deposited'in the said Commissioners shall be inrolled in Manner directed by the said the Church of recited Act, either in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at West-Cujiit Bjtham. or with the Clerk of the Peace for the Parts of Kesteven in the said County of Lincoln, and when so inrolled the same shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Castle Bytham aforesaid.

Interest to be

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall be Koaeyad- advanced by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of defraying the Ex-vanecd. peaces of applying for, obtaining, and executing this Act, shall be repaid, with lawful Interest for the fame, to such Person or Persons, out of the first Money to be raised under and by virtue of this Act,

coraniWTion-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and Accounts'he-1' every Year, during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be com-fore rn.Ham puted from the passing thereof), the said Commissioners shall and they are oncTiu every hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Year. Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act, and such Statement and Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be laid before and examined by William Hutton of Gate Burton, in the said County of Lincoln, Esquire, Barrister at Law, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose; and in case of his Death or Refusal to acx. then by such other Barrister at Law as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Majority in Value of the Proprietors of, or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or the known Agents of such Proprietors

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83. 15c

and Persons respectively, by Writing under their respective Hands; and the Balance shall be by the said William Hutton, or such other Auditor,

Bated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall he binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by the said William Huttorii or such other Auditor as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Appeal to fons shall think himself, herself, or rherpfejyes aggrieved, (by any Thing 'g^r" done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are by the said recited Act

or this Act, directed to be final or conclusive, and except such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned), then and in every such Case he, she, or they, may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said Parts of Kesteven, within Four Calendar Months next after the cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises), in their General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Colts and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colls and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXVII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body Sav,n8‘ or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succtifors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments, or other Compensation, shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intent and Purposes of this Act shall absolutely require to be hereby barred, destroyed, or extinguished), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, or out [Loc. 1st Per.] 17 K of

1510

This Act to be printed by the King’s Printer.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

XXXVIIf. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and when so printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

" " -----—-r~

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

O ibrrt iu‘i . 1«1 ’ f> h:.?. t.i i . I jfL

riant :,): a’o d-nm ! it sd -

0 > i ttvi; rf 'f-i <i J [£,) , VT *t_^>

vr.c'l e.: , a

Lire jhiubqA ! > i fyjr' '

i e*:i*7*h ' ' '}* ' V ' ' '*1 " ' t >*ki.

-Li L-: 1 v -1 c) us'...

..ris - !:-:0 ’ - J. oj - VI 1

h b:u tf

JOOOO 1

5ib $. r ‘Vi a-. . ! da

if "<:/ ‘A ’ '

I i»J_ i*bf .-in.

.*«,> 'JO

!f4‘

Tf;.’ ^iy^w»v..;4 w ftb V *®* 1

IT

T.iT r

V/\ /

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO TERTIO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 84.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parities of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and Ellejborough, in the County of Buckingham.

[nth June 1803.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and Ellejborough, in the County of Buckingham, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, containing in the Whole by Efti-mation Two thousand five hundred Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Hampden is Lord of the Manor of Great Kimble, and the Right Honourable George John Earl Spencer is Lord of the Manors of Great Kimble otherwise Upton and Mar-shalls, and Fennt Is Grove alias Whittinghams, within the said Parish of Great Kimble, and the said Earl is seised of the Rectory or Parsonage Improptiate of Great Kimble aforesaid, and in Right thereof entitled to all the Great Tythes arising, growing, and payable within the said Parish of Great Kimble, or to certain annual Payments in lieu thereof, except the Great Tythes arising out of and from certain Lands and Hereditaments within the said Pari (It of Great Kimble, the Property of the said STbomas Lord Viscount Hampden: And whereas Screpe Bernard Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Little Kimble aforesaid: And whereas William [_Loc. id Per.2 17 L Chapmen

Lord of the Manor of Great Kimble, Lord of the Manors of Great Kimble alias Ut ttn9 etc.

Proprietor of the Great Tythes of Great Kimble.

L'-rd of the Manor of Little Kimble.

1514-

Patron of the

Rectory and Rettor of Little Kimble.

Lord of the Manors of Ellejborough, etc.

Patron of the A lvowfon of Ellejborough.

Rt'&or.

Propi ietors.

Advantage of Inclosure.

Commissioner».

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

Chapman Clerk, is Rettor of the Rectory and Parish Church of Little Kimble aforesaid, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands; and all and every the Tythes, both Great and Small, yearly arising, renewing, and increasing within the said Parish of Little Kimble; and the iai d/Vit.i vn Chapman is also seised of or entitled to the Advowson of the said Red: >ry and Parish Church of Little Kimble, And whereas Sir George Rujptl Baronet is Lord of the Manors of Ellejborough, Chequers, Mordant, bcouches, Poolcs, and Seatons, within the said Parish of EUtJborough, and Proprietor or Owner of a considerable Part of the Lands within the said Parish of Ellejborough, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed: And whereas John Mackaness Esquire is or claims to be Lord of the Manor or reputed Manor of Apfley, within the said several Parishes, or some or One of them: And whereas Richard Wells Clerk is entitled to the perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Presentation, of, in, and to the Church of Ellejborough, and is Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Ellef borough aforesaid, and as such entitled to certain Glebe Lands, and One undivided Moiety of a considerable Part of the Great Tythes yearly arising and renewing within the Parish of Ellejborough, and L seized of One undivided Moiety of the Small Tythes arising within the said Parish; and Joseph Wells Gentleman is seised of or entitled to certain other Glebe Lands within the said Parish of Ellejborough; and the other undivided Moiety of the lame Great and Small Tythes, and the remaining Great Tythes arising within the said Parish of hllejborough are Impropriate, and for the moll Part belong to the Proprietors of the Lands out of which the fame issue: And whereas the said Thomas Lord Viscount Hampden, George John Earl Spencer, the Right Honourable John Trevor, Sir George Rujfeil Baronet, Scrape Bernard, Henry Diering, John Mackaness Esquires, and divers other Persons are Owners ot Proprietors of and interested in the Residue of the said several Open an i Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pallures, Commons, and Waste Lands: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-full: Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Provisions ufua'ly infrted in Acts of Inclosure; and for faciliating the Mode of proving the several Fads uf tally required on the puffing of such Acts: And whereas the Odd several Open and Common Fields within the said Parishes are contiguous to and intermixed with each other, and the respective Property of the several Owners and Proprietors lie intermixed and dispers-d in fmrll Parcels, and are inconveniently situated for Occupation, and in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous and beneficial to the several Persons interested therein, and in the said Commons and Waste Lands, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the Teveral Proprietors thereof, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be made and effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted -, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Rult of the City ol Oxford, William Colliffbn of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and John telloid.es of Fofcott, in the County of Buckingham, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to beele&ed in Manner herein-afrer mentioned shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, 2 _ and

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84. 1515

and inclosing the said several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, and for carrying this Act into Execution, subject to the Powers, Regulations, and Directions hetein-after contained, and subject to such of the Powers, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, as are not varied or altered by or repugnant to any of the said Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations in this Act contained; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or directed to be done and executed by or before the said Commissioners, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, may be done and executed by or before any Two *of them, and the fame when so done shall be as valid and effectual as if done and executed by cr before all the said Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted That in case the said William Rutt, of F0r appoint-any Person to be appointed in his Stead, shall die before the finishing of new Comliiir. the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, or shall neglect, refuse, or llun<:‘s' become incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Sir George Russell, his Heirs or Assigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, within Twenty-one Hays after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, shall be made known to him or them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person, (not interefitd in the said Division and Inclosure); to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the said William Rutt, or of such other Person appointed in his Stead so dying, neglectingj refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and in case the said frit/wm Col-lij/on, or any Person to be appointed iti his Head, shall die before the finishing of the said Division, A'lotment, and Inclosure, or shall neglect, refuse, or become incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Richard Wells and his SucCdTors, and the said Joseph Wells, his Heirs and Assigns, by any Writing under their Hands, within Twenty-one Days after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person, (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure), to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the said William ColUJfon, or of such other Person appointed in his Stead, so dying> neglecting, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and in case the said John FeHowes, or any Person to be appointed in his Stead, shall die before the finishing of such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, or shall neglect, refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Majority in Value of the Proprietors of the Lands within the said several Parishes, (exclusive of the said Sir George Russell, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Richard Wells and his Successors, and the said Joseph Wells, his Heirs and Assigns), in like Manner, and within the like Space of Time, to nominate and appoint some proper and disinterested Person to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the said John Fellowes, or of the Person appointed in his Stead so dying, neglecting, refusing. or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid: Provided always, that if it shall happen that the Persons herein- propi;etors before respectively authorized and empowered to appoint such new Com- omitting to missioners, shall not make any such Appointment within the Time herein- co^miVm* before for that Purpose limited, then and so often as it shall so happen, ers, iheolct the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner from Time to Time, shall within Fourteen Days next after the Expiration of such

Time

1516 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

Time allowed for appointing such new or succeeding Commissioner or Commissioner; as aforesaid, appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place and Stead of such Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, neglecting, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every new Commissioner so nominated and appointed under either of the Powers herein-before given, shall, from and immediately after his Appointment and taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have such and the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, to all Intents and Purposts, as if he had been named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

Commission- HI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioner* t"dingVo he refu^e or neglect to attend at the First or Second Meeting appointed

deemeJ a Ke- to be held for putting this Act in Execution, and duly qualify himself by fulal- taking the Oath in that Behalf prescribed (Notice being given to him of such intended Meeting, under the Hand of either of the other Commissioners), or if any One of the said Commissioners shall at any Time after the First or Second Meeting, wilfully absent himself from any Two fuc-

ceeding Meetings appointed to be held as aforesaid, he having fix ft known of such Meetings by his Presence at their Appointment, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given him or left at his usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such CommilLoner not being prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioners attending at such subsequent appointed Meetings, or if any Commissioner to be elected and appointed in Manner aforesaid, shall not attend and qualify himself at the First or Second Meeting after his Election, to be appointed by the surviving or remaining Commissioner for putting this Act in Execution, or shall then-after absent himself in Manner aforesaid (having first known, or after such Notice), and without such Cause as last herein-before is mentioned, every such Absence ox Non-attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to a£L

Notice of

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and

Meet.ngt, t|,ey are hereby required to cause Notice of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inserted in the Newspaper called Jeckfon’s Oxford Journal, or in the Newspaper called The Northampton Mercury, or in some other Newspaper usually circulated within the said County of Buckingham, Eight Days at least before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) j and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said Commissioners not more than One of them shall attend, the Commissioner so attending may adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place within Eight Miles of the said Parishes, as shall be by him deemed most convenient.

other No- V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notice* necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be so made and given by Advertiseinents to be inserted in the said Newspaper called Jackson's Oxford Journal, or in the said Newspaper called ‘1 he Northampton Mercury, or in case neither of them shall then be published, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Buckingham.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84. N 1517

VI. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, at Commissior-some convenient Time after the several Allotments herein-after directed f°

to be made are set out, and before the same are confirmed, cause the inflation. Valuation and Appraisement to be made by them by virtue of the said, recited Act, to be reduced into Writing and signed by them, which Valuation and Appraisement shall and may be inspected by all Persons interested therein, at all and any of the subsequsnt Meetings of the said’ Commissioners without Fee or Reward; and any Person or Persons so interested shall be entitled to a Copy of such Valuation and Appraisement,' or any Part or Parts thereof, paying for the same at a reasonable Price to be ascertained by the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Encroach-C.ommissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to enquire uirowuopen into and determine what Inclosures have been taken from, and what £n: under certain croachments have been made upon the Lands and Grounds by this Act ReftlI"Uon* directed to be divided, allotted, and indpfed, or upon any Part or Parts thereof; and all such Inclosures taken from or Encroachments made upon any of the Lands and Grounds, (save and except such as have been heid and enjoyed for Twenty Years before the passing,of this Act, without Interruption, and which shall be proved by any reasonable Evidence to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners to have been so held and enjoyed), shall be deemed and taken to be as Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted*. and inclosed under and by vittue of this Act, and shall be divided, allotted, an.4 inclosed accordingly as Parr

VIII. And be it further, enacted, That the* laid Cdfnuliflioners shall {^,"3.rd.to and they are hereby authq;iged and empowered to receive, hear, ancf com- determine all Claims, of Freebpard upon the said inf ended Division and mitlioneis. Allotment; and if any such. Claim shall be fully eflabl:lhed! by sufficient Proof to the Satisfaction of the said GoniinifnpnerS^ they are hereby authorized and empowered to let out’and allot One of rivtife PToj, or Plots,

Allotment or Allotments of Land, in lieu of any such Freeboard do established; and such Plot or Plots, Allotment or Allotments shall for Allotments in ever thereafter respectively he deemed to be within and Part of such Pa- Kiee' rish, as the said Commissioners in and by their Awardj shall adjudge and determine.

- *» ,tt > I,;

IX. And be it further enacted, That in order to shortetf the Boundaries ForP.rsighten-of the said several Paiilhes of Great Kindle, Little Kimbif, and EHeJbo- ing Boundary rough, and the Parishes or Places adjoining thereto respe%£biVtIyIt shall ot Pari,l,es-be lawful for the said Commissioners (by and with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners, for the Tim# being, of the adjoining Lands intended to be affected thereby}, to shorten, alter, or vary the Line of such Boundaries, in such Manner as to the said Commissioners shall appear jull and advantageous to all Parties interested; and the Determination of the said Commissioners therein shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Lawg Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstariefing. t ids lisa an

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall Commission-arile between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested iii U?,to lHtle lloc.VPer.-] 17 A!' thi D‘rpuu"

1518

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching or concerning any Right or Rights to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, or touching or concerning any other Right, Matter, or Thing relating to the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

And may

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners award Coiti. Upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Ob-

jeftion or Objections, Dispute or Difference, to be brought before them by virtue of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, affel's, and award such Coffs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, Dispute or Difference, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested' in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure shall be dissatisfied with any Determination or Order of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Dispute or Disputes, Difference or Differences as aforesaid, or touch, ing or concerning the Claim or Claims of any Rights or Interests in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, or any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to proceed to a Trial at Law respecting the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Buckingham; and for that Purpose such Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination or Order of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination or Order shall have been made, within Three Calendar Monchs next after such Determination or Order of the said Commissioners shall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby

infilled

Parties may try Rights at Law by a feigned issue.

*5*9

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84:

ill Tided on, may be tried and determined, such Issue or Hues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Aft ion 01 Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action or Actions to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any

Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, proceedings such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in not to abate-as if no such Event had happened.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall,

and they are hereby required to assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord the Poor of of the Manor of Elltjborough aforesaid, and the Rector of the said EII'Jbo'euib-Rectory of EHeJborough, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Ellejborough, and their Successors for the Time being for ever, such Plot or Plots of Ground, Part of a certain Common or Waste Land in the Parish of Ellejborough aforesaid, called The Scrubbs otherwise ‘The Scrnbb Wood, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equivalent to and a full Satisfaction and Compensation for the Right or Liberty in the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Ellejborough, to cut, take, and use Scrubbs, Furze, Fern, or other Fuel from the said Common; and such Plot or Plots of Ground shall, on the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, be vested in the Lord of the said Manor of Ellejborough, and the Rector of the said Rectory of Ellejborough, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Ellejborough for the Time being for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the same Parish; and the Furze, Fern, and other Fuel arising from the Lands so to be allotted as aforesaid, shall be cut, taken, and used by such poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Ellejborough, in such Quantities, at such Time or Times in each and every Year, under such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and in such Manner as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time appoint; and the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to lime, as they in their Discretion shall think proper, either to let or set from Year to Year, or otherwise by Writing under their Hands, to lease and demise the Whole or such Part or Parts of the said Plot or Plots as they shall

152°

Lor.-fti rtc. to act by Proxy.

Allotments for Stone 3nd Gravel Pits.

Allotment for

Manerial

Rights.

4.30 GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

think proper, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years; so that on every such Letting and in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the Trustees for the Time being, or the major. Part of them, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments, the mod improved yearly Rent or Rents that Iran be obtained for the fame, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift in Consideradon of such Letting, or of granting such Lease or Leases; and that on every such Letting, and in all such Leases respectively, there be contained the usual Covenants or Stipulations, and such Security be given for the Performance of the same as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper to require; and the Rents and Profits arising from the said Plot or Plots shall, from Time to Time be laid out in purchasing Fuel; and such Fuel shall be distributed among the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Ellejborough, in such Proportions and Quantities, at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules and Orders as the Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpol'e, and not otherwise.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord of the Manor of Ellejborough aforesaid, the Rector of the said Rectory, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Ellejborough for the Time being, to act in the Execution of the Trusts hereby reposed in them by their Agents and Proxies respectively, such Agents or Proxies being appointed by Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Person or Persons for whom such Agents or Proxies shall act, and producing such his or their Appointment at the Time of his or their acting by virtue thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, (if they shall think it necessary and proper), to set out and appoint, out of and from the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, One or more Plot or Plots of Land or Ground within the said Parish of Great Kimble, not exceeding Two Acres in the Whole; and also One or more Plot or Plots of Land or Ground within the said Parish of Little Kimble, not exceeding Two Acres in the Whole; and the like Allotment or Allotments within the said Parish of Ellejborough, for the Purpose of getting Materials for repairing the Roads and Ways already made and to be made or set out by virtue of this or the said recited Act, in the Parishes hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed; and that the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon the said Plot or Plots of Ground, shall be veiled in such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall in their Award declare, order, and direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next Place assign, set out, and allot, unto and for the Lords of the several Manors within the said Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, and Ellejborough, in Severalty, such Parts of the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manors respectively, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equivalent to, and a full Compensation, Recompence, and Satisfaction for their Rights and Interests in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84. 1521

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment for and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and

award, unto and for the said George John Earl Spencer, his Heirs and Great Krr.Ui. Assigns, for and in lieu of all the Tythes yearly arising, issuing, and payable to him, out of all and every the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Great Kimble, which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind to the said George John Earl Spencer, such Plot or Plots, Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Great Kimble so intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent, Compensation, Recompence, and Satisfaction for such Tythes.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of old rnciofure* the Owners or Proprietors of any old inclosed Lands or Grounds within the Parish of Great Kimble aforesaid, which are subject and liable to the ,u’e liable to Payment of Tythes in Kind to the said George John Earl Spencer, shall the Payment not be entitled to Lands or Grounds, or Common Rights in the Lands TythesaaT be. and Grounds within the said Parish of Great Kimble, by this Act directed fore the paf-to be divided and inclosed, sufficient to make Compensation as aforesaid, of this for the Tythes so payable to the said George John Earl Spencer, then and in every such Case such old Inclosures shall continue liable to the Payment of Tythes in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made: Provided nevertheless, that if the Owners or Proprietors for the Time being, of any old inclosed Lands or Grounds within the said Parish of Great Kimble, which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind to the said George John Earl Spencer, who shall not have Lands or Common Rights in the said Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Great Kimble, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, sufficient to exonerate their Lands and Grounds from the Payment of Tythes in Kind, to the said Earl as aforesaid, shall be desirous of having a Part of such old inclosed Lands or Grounds assigned or set apart to exonerate the fame Lands and Grounds from the Payment of such Tythes, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Consent of the Proprietors or Owners in Possession for the Time being, of such old inclosed Lands and Grounds, to deduct and set out so much, and such Part and Parts of such old inclosed Lands or Grounds, as shall be equal in Value to the Tythes in Kind so payable thereout to the said Earl, which Part or Parts of such old inclosed Lands and Grounds so deducted and set out, shall be considered as Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed accordingly; and such Deductions shall for ever thereafter be a full Satisfaction for and Discharge from the Payment of such Tythes.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, by and with the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors for the Time being of any Lands or Grounds inclosed or uninclosed, within the said Parish of Great Kimble, out of which any Sum or Sums of Money is or are issuing or payable to the said George John Earl Spencer in lieu of Tythes, to be testified by some Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said George John Earl Spencer, his Heirs and Assigns, such Plot or Plots, Part of the Lands or Grounds belonging to such last mentioned Owners or Proprietors, as in the Judge-

[Lec. & Per.] 17 N ment

Allotment to Earl Siencer'm. lieu of Money Payment for Tythes-

1522 43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

ment of them the said Commissioners shall be a full Equivalent, Compensation, Recompence, and Satisfaction for such Sum or Sums of Money so payable thereout in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That nothing herein or in the said recited Act contained, (except the several Clauses and Powers herein and in the said recited Act contained, relative to the Tythes and Exchanges, and the Expences thereof), shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or relate to any of the old inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Great Kimble, unless by the Consent of the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the fame old inclosed Lands and Grounds, to be testified by some Writing under his or their Hand or Hands.

Allotments to

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in

it// " of next ^ace a*%n> set out> ail<^ aMot> unto a°d for the Rectors of the

and EUrfln? said several Rectories of Little Kimble and Ellejborough, and to the said <C'\cbJ°r J°feph Wells, his Heirs or Assigns, in Severalty, such Plots of Land or

Ground, Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent and Compensation for all their respective Glebe Lands and Rights of Common thereto belonging, within the Parishes of Little Kimble and Ellejborough aforesaid.

Allotments

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall f®r the Tythe and they are hereby authorized and required in the next Place to set out hu and‘Eiu/. and allot to and for the said Rectors, and Joftph Wells, his Heirs or btrngb. Assigns in Severalty, for and in lieu of their respective Great and Small Tythes yearly arising, issuing, and payable out of all and every such Lands, Grounds, Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Home-deads, Homeclofes, and old Inclosures within the said Parishes of Little Kimble and Ellejborough, as are subject and liable to Payment of Tythes in Kind to the Rectors thereof, or to the said Joseph Wells respectively, such Plots or Allotments, Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes of Little Kimble and Ellejborough, so intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One-Fifth Part of the Arable or Tillage Lands, and One Ninth Part of all the Remainder o( the Lands or Grounds lying or being in the fame Parishes, which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind to the Rectors thereof, and to the said Joseph Wells respectively, and which shall remain after the publick and private Roads, and the said Allotment or Allotments (if any) for Stone and Gravel Pits, shall be taken and deducted, which said Plots or Allotments so to be set out, allotted, and awarded for Tythes as last aforesaid, shall be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of and for all the Great and Small Tythes, and all Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever issuing, arising, and renewing from and out of the said several Lands, Grounds, Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, Homeclofes, and old Inclosures, lying within the said Parishes of Little Kimble and Ellejbo-rough, and hereby directed to be exonerated therefrom, Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees, due to the said Rectors respectively, wd their Successors only excepted.

This Act not to extend to old Inclosures in Great Kimble, without Content of the Owners.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award, unto and for the several other Impropriators of Great Tythes within the said Parish of Ellejborough, for and in lieu of their said Impropriate Tythes, yearly arising, issuing, and payable to them, out of the said Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Ellejborough, which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind to them respectively, and to and for the said Rector of Ellejborough and the said Joseph Wells, in resprCl of their said Small Tythes of such last mentioned Lands, such Plot or Plots, Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Ellef-borough, so intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as in the Judgement of them the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One Fifth Part of the Arable or Tillage Lands, and One Ninth Part of all the Remainder of the Lands or Grounds last: mentioned, and which shall remain after such Deductions thereout as herein-before mentioned; which said Plots or Allotments so to be set out, allotted, and awarded for Tythes as last aforesaid, shall be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of and for all the Great and Small Tythes, and all Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever, issuing, arising, and renewing from and out of the said several last mentioned Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish of Ellejborough, and hereby directed to be exonerated therefrom, (Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted), and shall be divided, apportioned, and allotted by the said Commissioners, to and between the said Impropriators and Rector, in such Shares and Proportions respectively, as they the said Commissioners shall judge to be equal to their respective Interests therein.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any of the Owners or Proprietors of any such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, Homeclofes, and old Inclosures within the Parishes of Little Kimble and Ellejborough aforesaid, shall not be entitled to Lands or Common Right in the said Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, sufficient to make such Compensation as aforesaid for the Tythes thereof, then and in every such Case Compensation shall be made as aforesaid for such Tythes or Deficiency of Tythes, by and out of the Lands and Grounds belonging to the several other Proprietors within the same Parishes, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order, direct, and appoint; and such Person or Persons, who shall be entitled to or possessed of any such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, Homeclofes, and old Inclosures, shall pay or cause to be paid to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners shall think equivalent to, and a full Satisfaction and Compensation for the Tythes of the said Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, Homeclofes, and old Inclosure , which Sum and Sums of Money shall be applied in the Account of the Proprietors of Lands within the said Parishes of Little Kimble and Ellejborough respectively, towards Payment of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution; and the said Monies so directed to be paid, shall be and the same are hereby charged on such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, Homeclofes, and old Inclosures } and in case the Monies so directed to be paid, shall not be paid

within

1523

Allotments to the other Proprietors of Great Tythes in Ellejborough.

Payments to be made for Tythes of old Inclosures at Little Ktmble and Ellefbo-rough, where the Owners have not Land in the Common Field to discharge them.

*524

Or such Owners of old Inclosures may assign Land to exonerate the lame from Tythes.

Tythes payable unt 1 Award made, or Commissioners other-w. fediretf.

Beech, Box, and other Wood, and Wood Lands to remain tytheable as heretofore.

43° GEORGII ill. Cap. 84.

\vithin Three Calendar Months next after the same shall be demanded, by the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall order, direct, or appoint, to enter into and upon such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, Homeclofes, and old Inclosures, which shall be severally charged with such Sum or Sums of Money, and to hold and enjoy the fame, and receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, until such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and all Cods, Charges, and Expences attending such Entry and Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, shall be thereby or otherwise fully paid and discharged.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if the Owners or Proprietors of any such old Inclosures, not having any or sufficient Land in the said Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes of Little Kimble and Ellejborough, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to exonerate their Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, Homeclofes, and old Inclosures from Payment of Tythes in Kind as aforesaid, shall be desirous of having a Part of such old Inclosures, assigned or set apart to exonerate the fame Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, Homeclofes, and old Inclosures from the Payment of Tythes in Kind, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Consent of the Proprietors or Owners in Fee or in Tail, or for Life, in Possession of such old Inclosures, to deduct and set out so much and such Part and Parts of such old Inclosures, as shall be equal in Value to the Tythes, both Great and Small, payable by the Owner or Owners of such old Inclosures, in respect of his, her, or their respective Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, Homesteads, Homeclofes, and old Inclosures within the said Parishes of Little Kimble and Ellejborough, which Part or Parts of such old Inclosures so deducted and set apart, shall be considered as Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed accordingly as Part thereof; and such Deductions shall be for ever thereafter deemed, taken, and considered to be a full Satisfaction for and Discharge from the Payment of such Tythes.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, or until such other previous Time as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint, the said George John Earl Spencer, William Chapman, Richard Wells, and Joseph Wells, and the other Impropriators, shall severally be entitled to, and shall have, receive, and enjoy all their respective Tythes, in such Manner as they respectively could or might have had, received, and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the several Beech, Box, and other Woods and Wood Lands, lying and being within the said several Parishes, shall respectively remain and continue subject and liable to the Payment of such Tythes as the fame Woods and Wood Lands would respectively have been subject and liable to in case this Act had not been-made.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84. 1525

XXIX. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment of and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, after the making Residue.

of such Allotments as herein-before directed, to divide, set out, allot, and award all the Residue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Parts and Places as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a just Compensation and Satisfaction for, and equal to their several and respective Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests therein, subject to such Rules, Prorifions, and Directions as are in and by this and the said recited Act declared, expressed, appointed, and prescribed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by and with the Consent in Writing of the respective ancient incio-Owners of the old inclosed Lands or Grounds lying within any of the fur®"L°P5"1 Parishes by this Act direffed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and Fielli a" having Open and Common Field Land adjoining or lying near thereto,

to order and direct the fame, or such Part or Parts thereof as the Owners thereof respectively shall consent and desire to be surveyed, measured, and taken up, and the same shall be considered and divided and allotted, as Part and Parts of the Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and thereupon such Allowances shall be made to the respective Owners thereof, on Account of the beneficial Difference of Property between old inclosed Land and Common Field Land, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be just and reasonable; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out, allot, and award, unto and for the respective Owners of such old Inclosures in lieu thereof, so much and such Plot Or Plots of Land, Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions in this and the said recited Act contained.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Lands and Grounds New Estates to be allotted and awarded upon the said Division, Allotment, and In- r*!raam to closure, to the several Persons interested, and the several Messuages, am' Lands, Tenements, old Inclosures, new Allotments, and other Hereditaments, which shall be exchanged in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall immediately after such Allotments and Exchanges are

made, be, remain, and enure; and the several Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted or given in Exchange, or awarded upon such Division, shall from thenceforth (land and be seised and possessed thereof to such and the same Uses, Estates, Trusts, and Purposes, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Powers, Remainders, Leases, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, and Incumbrances as the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, old Inclosures, new Allotments, or other Hereditaments, in lieu whereof such Allotments or exchanged Premises shall be respectively made or taken as aforesaid, ate now held under or subject to, or liable to be charged with or affected by, or might or could have been held under or subject to, or liable to have been charged with or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

y Per.2 17 0

1526

Leases at Rack lUnt to be void.

Leases to be compenfaied.

Commissioners to direct Course of Husbandry.

Power to turn Watercourses in old Inclosures.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases at Rack Rent subsisting upon the making or renewing of which no Fine or Fines hath or have been paid, of all or any Part of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or the Tythes thereof, or any Part thereof, either alone or jointly with any otheT Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, and all subsisting Agreements for any Term or Time therein, as to the Whole of the Tenements comprised in such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, shall on such Day as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands for that Purpose, limit or appoint, cease, determine, and be utterly void; and the respective Lessees or Tenants thereof, shall thereupon be entitled to demand and receive of and from the respective Landlords, Owners, or Proprietors of the fame Premises, such Allowance or Satisfaction in Money, and at such Time or Times as such Commissioners shall ascertain, order, and direct, as reasonable to be paid to such Lessees or Tenants on Account thereof or as an Equivalent for the fame; and such Lessees or Tenants respectively shall, upon the Determination of every such Lease or Agreement, be liable to pay the respective Landlords, Owners, and Proprietors of the fame Premises, such Rents or Sums of Money, up to the Time of vacating such Leases or Agreements respectively, for the Use and Occupation thereof, as the said Commissioners shall in like Manner ascertain, order, and direct, as reasonable and proper in that Behalf: Provided always, that if there shall be any such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements for a Lease or Leases at Rack Rent, of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble, or Ellejborough, and Part in an adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent may be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under any Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish, such last mentioned Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements shall not be vacated.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, all the Open Fields hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hand appoint, as well with regard to the flocking as to the ploughing, folding, tilling, sowing, and laying down the fame; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money in respect thereof, to be paid by any Person or Persons interested in the said Open Fidds, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, may be raised and levied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to direct,

*5*7

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

direct, order, and award all or any of the Streams of Water, Springs, and Watercourses within the said Parishes, or which divide or run between the said Parishes and any adjoining Parish or Liberty, to be conveyed and turned in such Courses, and through such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as they shall think most beneficial and convenient for watering the new Allotments which shall be made in pursuance hereof, and for straightening the Boundary of the said Parishes, as herein-before is directed; provided such Streams of Water, Springs, and Watercourses be not d verted or altered without the Consent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands or Hereditaments from which such Streams, Springs, or Watercourses shall be diverted, or into whose Lands or Hereditaments the same shall be turned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any No Sheep to Person or Persons for the Space of Four Years next after the Execution b'm of the Award of the said Commissioners, to keep or departure any Sheep mentsfor* or Lambs in or upon any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Four Year*. Act, unless the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs, shall at

his, her, 'or their own Expence, effectually and sufficiently fence off, or guard and duly keep fenced off the Quickset Hedges or other Live Fences of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Allotment or Allotments where such Sheep or Lambs shall be so kept, and of such Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto, so as to prevent any Damage being done to such Quickl'et Hedges.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Plots of Ground Allotments which shall or rr.ay be set out and allotted for Stone or Gravel Pits, and ford fJrStone the Allotment or Allotments to be made and set out to and for the Poor pits, and the of the Parish of Ellejborough in Trust as aforesaid, the several Allotments Poor’s Aiiot-for Glebe Lands and Common Rights thereto belonging, and the several Ring.f°need. Allotments to be set out and allotted by virtue of this Act, to and for the respective Tythe Proprietors in lieu of their Tythes, shall be inclosed round with Quickset Hedges and Ditches, and substantial Ports and Rails on each Side thereof, or other proper Mounds or Fences, according to the Custom of the Country, with good and substantial Gates and Stiles in the said Fences where necessary; and the same shall be thereafter supported and maintained for the Term of Seven Years, or until the Quick-sets shall have become sufficient Fences of themselves, by or at the Expence of all or such of the other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, in such Manner, and in such Shares and Pro-poftions, as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing under their Hands or by their Award, order and direct; and such Proportions of the said Fences as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, shall be for ever thereafter maintained and kept in Repair by the said respective Tythe Owners, as the said Commissioners shall likewise by their said Award order and direct; and the Fences of the Lands and Grounds to be set out for Stone and Gravel Pits, and for the Poor, shall afterwards be supported and maintained for ever by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and the said several other Allotments for the said Lands and Grounds after the Division thereof, shall within Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Execution of the said Award, be inclosed, hedged, ditched* and fenced at the proper

Costs

1528

Gap* to be left open for Six Month* after the Award executed.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 8*.

Costs and Charges of the respective Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted, in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions, as the said CommissioneTS shall in and by their laid Award order and direct; and in case any such Person who shall be made subject or liable, by such Order and Direction of the Commissioners, to make or to repair, support, or maintain, any such Fence, shall neglect or refuse to make or to repair, support, or maintain the fame according to such Direction of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons interested in the Lands next adjoining the Lands allotted to the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, to exhibit a Complaint in Writing against such Person or Persons before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Buckingham, not being interested in the Lands and Grounds so to be fenced and inclosed as aforesaid, who shall and may summon the Parties concerned, enquire into the Nature of the Complaint, and examine all proper Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice shall and may, and is hereby authorized to administer; and after such Summons, Enquiry, and Examination, shall and may, if he shall see Cause, order, direct, and appoint the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint to make and raise, or to repair such Fences of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and when the same shall be so made and raised or repaired, such Justice may ascertain the Costs and Charges of doing thereof; and also shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, cause the fame Costs and Charges so ascertained, Demand thereof being first made before One credible Witness, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale, or otherwise shall and may, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, authorize and empower the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to enter into and upon the Premises so to be allotted to such Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof respectively, until thereby, therewith, or otherwise, the Charges and Expences of making and maintaining, or repairing such Fences of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay as aforesaid; and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences occasioned by and attending such Entries upon, and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall respectively be fully paid and satisfied: Provided always, that convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in all the Fences to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next ensuing the Execution of the said Award, for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, in and through the fame, unless the said Commissioners shall by their Award, or other Instrument in Writing under their Hands, order that the fame be sooner fenced in and made up.

Persons advancing Money for obtaining this Act, to be repaid with Interest.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, shall be repaid the fame out of the first Monies which shall be raised and collected in pursuance hereof, with Interest at the Rate cf Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time of advancing and paying the fame respectively.

I

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 8<j. 1529

XXXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That each of the Commissioners Commission-who shall act in the Execution of the Powers verted in them by this Act,

and their Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings tobe’paki.°W and Sixpence for each Day they shall respectively and actually attend to act in the Execution of this Act, the fame Sums to be in full Satisfaction for the Trouble and Expences which the said Commissioners and their Clerk shall be respectively put unto in the Execution of the Powers aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall cause the Minutes of each Day’s Proceeding to be entered in a Book on the same Day and figoed by them, and that the fame Sums, together with all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Act, and of surveying, ad-measuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands, Grounds, and Premises to be divided and allotted by virtue, of this Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners; and all the Charges and Expences of their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by them in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways, to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, and all other Expences for carrying this Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Owners of the Lands,

Grounds, and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and exonerated from the Payment of Tythes by virtue of this Act, (save and except the said George John Earl Spencer, William Chapman, Rickard Wells, and Joseph Wells, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively in lieu of Tythes or Glebe Lands, and also save and except the aforesaid Trustees of the Poor of the said Parish of Ellejborough for the Time being, for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to them in Trust as aforesaid; and also save and except the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parishes for the Time being, for and in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them as aforesaid), which said Colts,

Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be settled and adjusted by the said Commissioners, and ffiatl be paid at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and in case any Person herein-before made subject to the Payment of any Money towards such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof, within the Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or at any Time after upon Demand, the same shall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Colls, Expences of Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges and Partitions by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and borne by i>s paid, the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XL. And be it further enacted, That Once in every Year during the Commission-Execution of this Act, (such Year to be computed from the Day of the X«o.mtTJfn passing thereof), the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required tiitirowi, to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by

.. [Loc.&Ftr.’} 17 P them

153°

fore Two Justices Once a Year.

No Item to be valid un-l*li allowed by such Justices.

Proprietor# to p<y their own Expences.

Wills, &c. not to be altered.

Award where ro he deported.

Appeal to the Quarter Sefflions.

4-3° GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Buckingham, (not interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure), to be by them examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justices stated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices: Provided always, that the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

XLII. Provided always, That nothing in this or the said recited Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any 'Will or Settlement, or to prejudice ary Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affefting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but that the respective Persons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be allotted or awarded in Exchange by virtue of this Act, shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, whereof such Persons were feiled or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which or in resptft whereof fuel^Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, and charged with or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, shall, when inrolled in the Maimer directed by the said recited Act, be deposited in the Parish Church of Ellejborough aforesaid, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and that a true Copy or Extract of so much of the said Award as relates to the said Parish of Great Kimble, shall be made and signed by the said Commissioners, and deposited in the Parish Church of Great Kimble a fore-said; and a true Copy or Extract of so much of the fame Award as relates to the said Parish of Little Kimble, shall be made and signed by the said Commissioners, and deposited in the Parish Church of Little Kimble aforesaid; which Extracts, and each of them, shall and may be admitted and received in Evidence in all Courts and before all Persons whatsoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, (other than and except as to such Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be tried, let-

1531

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

tied, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where any of the Clauses or Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall express that the same shall be final and conclusive, and excepting such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned), then and in every such Case, he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holdtn for the said County of Buckingham, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, or to the Party or Parties concerned. Ten Days Notice in Writing cf such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, and the Justices, (not interested in the Premises), in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall l'eern reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (jf any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and cmclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WejimirJicr or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the said Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XLV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General Sav. and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or lns*

Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Hein, Successors. Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons to whom any Allotjnent or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interest as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Title, and Interest as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, and out of the Lands and Grounds hereby birested to be divided, allotted, and indofed, in case this Act had not been nude.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Declaring the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed may Publick-be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a publick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George'Eyre and Andrew Strahah, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

