A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-fourth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD:

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

1804.

A

TAB L E

OF

All the STATUTES passed in the SECOND Session of the SECOND Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

44° GEO. III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. AN Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Defi-

u~\ nitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in several Acts made in the Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, Forty-l'econd, and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Calli by the Bank of England. 3

II. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds,

for the present Relief of certain Curates in England. 5

III. An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company, with respect to the Rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon. 9

IV. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the Operation

of Two Acts of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. 13

V. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof. 17

A 2 - VI. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Vj. An Act for suspending, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, the Operation of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sunt, within Ireland. 21

VII. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted

to qualify themselves for Offices and l mployments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and four. . , 25

VIII. An Act to continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the

next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other. Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain faeh Persons as he or they shall susped for conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. 33

IX. An Act to continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the

next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Supprejfton of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protedinn of the Persons and Property of His Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to tontinue in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. 37

x. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts of the Forty-first, Forty-second, and Forty-third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on die Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. 41

XI. An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, until the 'Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into Execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland for prohibiting such Distillation. 45

XII. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thbuffind

eight hundred and five, so much of an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty. 49

XIII. An Act to prevent the Deleftlon and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from His Majesty's Service, by Means or under Colour of any

Civil or Criminal Process. 53

XIV. An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty-first and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to "be landed and warchnufed in the United Kingdom; and to allow Spanish

Wine to be so landed and warehoused. 57

5

XV. An

[Public General) 44° GEO. III.

XV. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 61

XVI. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon

Malt, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Fear One thousand eight hundred and four. 65

XVII. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions,

Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 89

XVIII. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty-second

and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps in Great Britain. 109

XIX. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 113

XX. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while

on Shore. 13 7

XXI. An Act to continue, until Three Months after any Restriction imposed

by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from ilfuing Cash in Payments shall cease, an Act, made hi the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of "His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and also an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for amending the said Act. 181

XXII. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing

or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal from Great Britain. 185

XXIII. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery,

and clearing out from any Port hi Great Britain, to complete their fall Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season. 189

XXIV. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. 193

XXV. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple,

of certain Manors, Meflliages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byjleet, Weybridge, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of Surry, to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable Consideration. 197

XXVI. An Act for charging, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks. 209

B XXVII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

XXVII. An Act for charging, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain-, and for allowing, increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned, being the Manufacture of Ireland. v 317

XXVIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in

Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 325

XXIX. An Act for permitting, until the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow', and Wool, (except Cotton Wool), in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships. 329

XXX. An Act to revive and continue, until Eight Months after the Ratifi-

cation of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repeating several Acts relating to the Ad-miifion of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and also to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in ilfuing or carrying into Execution Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships. 333

XXXI. An Act for raising the further Sum of Two Millions by Loans or

Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 337

XXXII. An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent

therein limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain. 341

XXXIII. An Act for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of

His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited. 34

x*kxiv. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland. 349

XXXV. An Act to amend and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit , to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty to the Twenty-fourth Day of "June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; to the pennitting Sir William Bishop, George Bifiop, and Arglcs Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the Admission to Entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the

Fishery

(Public General) 44" GEO. III.

Fishery from and refiditig in the said Island, to the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five. 353

XXXVI. An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing BritiJI) Plantation Sugar to be wtirehoused. 337

XXXVII. ’ An-;Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of

Parliament, Tot g'ranting to His Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, ' Professions, Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon publick Annuities; and to extend the Times for hearing Appeals on Assessments or Surcharges made in pursuance of the said Act. 361

XXXVIII. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 365

XXXIX. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 369

XL. An Act to revive and further continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. 381

XLI. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; For holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 385

XLII. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Forty-second Year, of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Lineit Manufacture in Ireland. aoi

XLIIL An Act to enforce the due Observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the Ages of Persons to be admitted into the sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest. 405

XLIV. An Act to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom. 409

XLV. An Act For raising the Sum of Eight Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 413

XLVI. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 417

XLVII. An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. 421

XLVIII, An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

XLVIII. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland. 433

XLIX. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain. 441

L. An Act to revive and continue, until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein. 449

LI. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 453

LII. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the Performance of Statute Duty. 461

LIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, within Great Britain. 465

LIV. An Act to eonfolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto. 477

LV. An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed; and for altering the Times of granting Licences to fell such Exciseable Liquors by Retail. 505

LVI. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduft’on of the Militia of England. 317

LVn. An Act to exempt from Duties on Export all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom. 541

LVIII. An Act for directing certain Publick Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament. 343

I.IX. An Act to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the Time limited by an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty; and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates. 349

LX. An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham. 333

LXI. An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of His present Majesty, ior the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions oi the Peace in the City of Westminster; and for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the said City, for the Use of the Publick. 357

LXII. An

(Public General) 44® GEO. III.

LXII. An Act for making further Provision for making and maintaining aR Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Ealtem to the Weilern Sea by Inverncfs and Fort William, in Scotland. 565

LXIII. An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances, situate in Kevin Street, in the City of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre's, in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and for applying the Purchase Money, together with another Sum therein mentioned, in Manner and for the Purpol'es therein mentioned. 609

LXIV. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, the Operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture. 617

LXV. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing Two Acts, the one passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland. 621

LXVI. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland. . 625

LXVII. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the Increase of certain publick Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British Currency. 649

LXVIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland. 60 5

LXIX. An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland. 673

LXX. An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for creeling a Mint in the Dominions of the King of Denmark. 677

LXXI. An Act to prevent the Counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any Counterfeit Dollars or Tokens. 681

LXXII. An Act for allowing the Sale of certain East Irtdia Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool. 685

C LXXIII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LXXIII. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the predit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the.Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 689

LXXIV. An Act for qstablishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide fur augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces. (593

LXXV. An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as afore-ffiid. 717

LXXVI. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kil-arden. 721

LXXVII. An Act to render valid certain Marriages folenmized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been pub-liffied before or at the Time of passing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages. 725

LXXVIII. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Wecdon Beck in the County of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of I;is Majesty's Ordnance. 729

LXXIX. An Act to veil certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, and for the Use of His Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich. 737

LXXX. An Act for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom; and for preventing Accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues. 7 53

LXXXI. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds for the Ule and Purposes therein mentioned. 757

LXXXII. An Act to obviate certain Inconveniencies which have been experienced in the Accountant General’s Office in the Court of Chancery, in the Execution of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. 761

LXXXIII. An Act for regulating the Appointment of Commissioners to act in the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament;, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Ptoperty, Profel-fions, Trades, and Offices. 765

LXXXIV. An Act to permit certain Persons in the Office of Ordnance, and the Quarter Matter General, to send and receive Letters free from the Duty ~ of

(Public General) 44® GEO. III.

of Pottage; and to enable the Board of Ordnance, the Adjutant General, the Chianer Matter General, and the Barrack Matter General, to authorize Persons in their Offices to fend Letters free from the said Duty. 769

LXXXV. An Act for further continuing, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate. 773

LXXXVI. An Act for reviving, amending, and further continuing several Laws relating to the more effectual Encouragement of tht British Fiflteries, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six; and to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the ffte of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the rriore effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five. 777

LXXXVII. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Mq/lers and Workmen engaged in the Cat ton Mnnufkdure in that Part of Great Britain called England. 781

I.XXXVIII. An Act for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches, and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences, pursuant to an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty. 7S9

LYXXIX. An Act for confirming the Provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, so far as the fame prohibits the Import of Malt i to Ireland; and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland. 793

XC. An Act; to continue, until Seven Years after the patting thereof and front thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large. 797

XC.L An Act to permit the IiTue and Negotiation of certain Promissory Notes, under a limited Sum, by registered Bankers in Ireland-, and to restrain the Iflite and Negotiation of certain other Notes. 801

XCII. An Act to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to Trial, Offenders escaping from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from One County to another. 803

XCIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries. 813

XCIV. An Act to explain an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers. ’ 841

XCV. Aa

A TABLE of the STATUTES

XCV. An Act to amend certain of the Provifiqns of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the publick Service. 845

XCVI. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for cjlublishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England; so far as the fame relates to the City of London. ' ' 853

XCVII. An Act for raising the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 857

XCVIII. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Ramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof. 8b 1

XCIX. An Act for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-seventh and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty. 929

C. An Act; for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London; and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks. 937

CL An Act for permitting, until the FirR Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballad. 949

CII. An Act for the more effectual Administration of JuRice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad teflificandum, in certain Cases. 933

CIII. An Act for making further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of CuRoms and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein. 957

CIV. An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for Home Consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused. 969

C.V. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein. 977

CVI. An Act for appointing, until the FirR Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities,

Perquisites

{Public General) 44" GEO. III.

Perqulfites, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several publick Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exid in the fame; and into the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick Money in Ireland. ' 981

CVII. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of Three several Acts of Parliament, made in the Forty-second and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance. 989

CVIII. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors. 997

CIX. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon. 1025

CX. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 1037

D

LOCAL

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

AN Act for keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Saint Dunstan't Croft to North Lane, near to the City of Canterbury, and to the Seaside at Whit/lable, in the County of Kent. 3

2. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution

an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London. 33

3. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby; and other Roads therein mentioned. 37

4. An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester. 45

5. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two

Acts, passed in the Second and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Sa/isbury, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned. 53

6. An Act to enable John Boy dell Esquire, One of the Aldermen of the City

of London, and "jofiah Boydell, his Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called The Shakspeare Gallery, by way of Chance. 61

7. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London; and another Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first mentioned Act. 77

8. An Act for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of St. Alban, in the County of Hertford. 8 5

9. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal

more efleftually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. 109

10. An

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) GEO. II I.

10. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers,

of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-second Years of His present Majfclly, for repairing the Road from Ashbomc in the County of Derby, to Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rujhion Common, to Congleton in the County of Chester. 113

11. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, passed in the Nineteenth and Thirty-

fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from JVfean to Preffon, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 1 29

12. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the

Third and Twenty-third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, so far as the fame relate to the Third District of Roads therein mentioned. 141

13. An Act for continuing the Tetm and altering the Powers of Two Acts,

of the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Roads from the Hand and Post at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Crofts Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and Post in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester. 149

14. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from a Place called Liu legate, at the Top of Lcadenbam Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post, at the Division of Kelham and Muftkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post. 157

15. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low

Grounds, within the Parishes of Ramftey and Bury, in the County of Hunt ingdon. 173

16. An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock, to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon. 209

17. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two

Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cowdozvn, to Newtcnun River, and also the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton. 245

18. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two

Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitechurch, in the County of Salop, to the Road between Nantwich and Newcastle-under-Lyne, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid. 253

19. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Town of Milton next Sittingborne, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein. 265

20. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

20. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty-third Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hejket by 7 'owes Bridge to Cockermouth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland. 393

ai. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin in the County of Forfar. 301

22. An Act for the better defraying the Charges of preserving the Peace

within the City of Dublin, and the District thereof, and establishing a Parochial Watch therein. 31 y

23. An Act for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and

Company of the Bank of Scotland. 317

24. An Act for more efftdually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport

in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, and in the County of York. 325

35. An Act for the better amending and repairing the Road leading from a certain Stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and EUenhall, in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stcfford. 369

26. An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the

Road leading from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of Ecc/es, into and through the Township of WorJJey, to a Place called Moses Gate, in the Township of Farnworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 401

27. An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution several Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphan’s Fund, certain Sums of Money for those Purposes j and also for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts. 437

28. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Wortley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Man-cheffer, so far as the fame relates to the Road from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinffey, and through Part of the Town of Tinffey to the Place where the fame joins the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield. 449

39. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal. 457

30. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Third and Twenty-third Years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford,

and

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 440 GEO. III.

and from the said Town of Stafford through Bridgford and Ecclesha/l, to a Place called Ireland’s Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop; and from Bridgjord aforesaid, to a certain Stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Elknball, in the Road between Bridgford and Newport, being the lirft District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. 469

31. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Ctcobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glaze ley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hillj in the Counties of Salop and Worcester. 477

32. An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates of the Right honourable

Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Counties of' Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, which have not been disposed of by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectually raising a sufficient Sum of Money for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances ajfeding certain Lands in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, the Estates of the Right Honourable Arthur Saunders, Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, and for the Payment of the Debts now due by them respectively, and for other Purposes. 4.89

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Leavening, in the Parish

of Acklam, in the East Riding of the County of York, 497

34. An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicef- ,

ter, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County. 513

35. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and

Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise Money to discharge their Debts, ^and to complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts palfed for making the said Canal Navigation. 521

36. An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the

Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth JPart of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith; for paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a new Publick Market therein. 533

37. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made

in tire Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West Inaia Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex and also, of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Read, in the County; and also, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new "Branch to communicate with the East India Dorks'. 545

38. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

jof an Act, passed for repairing the Road Iroin the Town of Brecon through

"the Town of Hay, to the Builth and tidy Turnpike R'caif near’LIf.fen, in E ' " the

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the County of Brecon; and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gale leading to Gartbbrengy Common, in the said County. 573

39. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Acts, parted for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford, so far as relates to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford. 385

40. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Dudley

Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in the Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to the House called The Horse and jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfeld, in the County of Warwick. 597

41. An Act for vesting in John Henry Maw, Esquire, in Fee Simple, certain

Estates comprized in an Act of Parliament, of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vejling the settled Estates of John Henry Maw, of Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses; and for, by the present Act, settling a Fee Simple Estate of him the said John Henry Maw, of greater Value, to the Uses of the Will of Dorothy Shawe, deceased, in lieu of the said first-mentioned Estates. 633

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Haddifcoe, in the County of Norfolk. 645

43. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third

Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Knaref-lorough, in the County of York. 661

44. An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Talbot, Lord Dynevor,

and other Persons, claiming under the Will of the late Right Honourable Cecil Baroness Dynevor, to grant building Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, being Part of the Estates devised by the said Will. 669

45. An Act for the better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the Arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and Waters which run into, or communicate with, the

’ *. said Arm of the Sea. 67 7

46. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Med*

way Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and a Collateral Cut thereto. 697

47. An Act for the better governing, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, for providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the Rates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 709

48. An

(Local 6? Personal, to be judicially noticed) 44" GEO. III.

48. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Acts, passed in the Seventh and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for the amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned, and also for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor. 749

49. An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the New

Wall, on the Parade, in the Township of Cajlleton, in the Parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone, in the Township of Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 761

50. An Act for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the Road

branching out of the great North Road by the Guide Post at the South End of Spittlegate, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County. 797

51. An Act for altering and amending several Acts, for making and repairing

Turnpike Roads, in the County of Haddington; for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County. 833

52. An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts, for making

and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr; repairing other Roads branching therefrom; and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew. 849

53. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Pafftges and Places, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein. 877

54. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to make

a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellesmere Canal, at or near the Aqueduct at Pontcyfy/ltee, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make several Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said Canal with Water. 912

55. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Town of Swansea, into the Parish of Oyjlermouth, in the County of Glamorgan. 925

56. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same. 981

57. An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor

Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex. 997

58. An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City; for paving the Foot Paths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs; and for otherwise improving the said City,

59. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

59. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, ol Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading fif>in the Weil End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirlcy, in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Severn.

[945

60. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, and from High gate to Market Brough, all in the County of Wcjlpiorland, 933

61. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the Powers of Two Acts,

passed for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Wc/l-bury, to Lalcbett’s Bridge, near the Ealt End of Market Lavington, and other Roads in the said Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the Second District therein mentioned. 961

62. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Willerflcy Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of

Hereford and Worcester. 969

63. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth

and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Mal-ton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York. 977

64. An Act for reviving the Term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging,

the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford. 985

65. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and consolidating into One Ad, several Acts relating to the Road from Glasgow to Redbum Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for the Amendment and Repair of the said Roads. 997

66. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Acts, of the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harbor ough, in the County of Leicester, to the City of Coventry. 1021

67. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the Market Place in Cromford to the Five Lane Ends at the Guide Post on Hopton Moor, and for setting out and making Two new Roads branching from the said Road, one up the Valley, by Grange Mill, to New-haven House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of Wjrkf-

worth, all in the County of Derby. 1029

, e 68.

(Local & Verjonal, to be judicially noticed) 44.° GEO. III.

68. An Act to continue the Tenn, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, palfed in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the Top of Ofwaidkirk Bank, in the County of York. 1057

69. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Chippenham Bridge,

in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and l'everal other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerset. 1069

7c. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts palfed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Liitleport, and from Littleport to Checquer Corner in Dounham, in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair certain other Roads. not

71. An Act for enabling the Executors and Trullees of the Will of Thomas

Cureton Esquire, to carry into Execution certain Agreements entered into by John Cureton Esquire, his Son, for the Sale of an F.state called Pradoe, in the County of Salop, and for the Purchase of an Ellate called The Hurst, in the same County. 1 137

72. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Manors or Townships of

Normantcn and Woodhouse, otherwise Newland cum Woodhouse Moor, in the West Riding of the County of York. 1149

73. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of

Northumberland. 11 65

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long Marion, in the County of Westmorland, and also the Common Stinted Paiture called Marlon Park, within the said Manor and County. 1197

75. An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Invcrness

towards the F.xpence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making Roads and building Bridges In the Highlands of Scotland. 1213

7G. An Act for amending and repairing several Roads leading from the Cuild-ball and Market House in Tavflock to New Bridge, to Greston Bridge, to Downton Gate, to Riccard's Ho ups, to Cherry Brock and Dunnabridge Pound, and to Morwellham and New Yfay, all in the County of Devon. 1225

77. An Act for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Can-

terbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street to Palace Street; within the said City. 1261-

78. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present

Majesty, for building a B'idge cross the River Thames from Stares to ligham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey. i277

79. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Woodstock to Roll right Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, all

in the County of Oxford. 2285

F

80. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

8c. An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the PosseiTi >a~, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlsfex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow on the Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in Execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in Repair. 1321

81. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff

Elgin, Aberdeen, and Inverness; for building Bridges over the River Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff'. lj29

82. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the

Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London within certain Places therein mentioned. 1369

83. An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and

Eleventh Years of King William the Third, and the Sixth Year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping na\'igable the River 1 one, from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset. *377

84. An Act for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London to remove the

Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another Place of Confinement in the said City. >381

85. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground, and erecting a Chapel

thereon, for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead. 1385

86. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching, the fame; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, so far as the fame relates to the West Division thereof, as therein mentioned. 1397

87. An Act for embanking, draining, and improving, certain Lands in the

City of Lincoln and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Townships of Boul-tham, Skellingthorpe, Saxclby, Broxholme, North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and Hathow, in the County of Lincoln; and for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe. 1413

88. An Act for enabling the Officiating Minister for the Time being of the

Chapel of Voylas, in the County of Denbigh, to publish Banns and solemnize Marriages in the said Chapel. 1453

89. An Act for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of

London. 1457

[Local G? Personal, not printed) 44° GEO. III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Fulbeck, in j\ the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation for the Tithes arising within the same Parish.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Towmship of Little Hucklow, in the County of Dirby.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton.

4. An Act for naturalizing Paul Hanfzen.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Portrane and Donabate, in the County of Dublin.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beaminster, in the County of

Dorset.

7. An Act to enable the Reverend George Golding Graves Clerk, and his first and other Sons, and the Htirs Male of their Bodies, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Golding, pursuant to the Will of George Golding Esquire, deceased.

8. An Act for naturalizing Henry Augustus Biedermann.

9. An Act for naturalizing Charles William Rohrs.

10. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Boileau.

11. An Act for the more effectual and beneficial railing of certain Sums of Money decreed by the High Court of Chancery of Ireland to be raised out of the Estates of George Montgomery Esquire, a Lunatick, in the Counties of Cavan and Fermanagh in Ireland, by Sale of the Inheritance of a competent Part of the said Estates.

12. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of certain Parts of the Glebe Land belonging to the Rectory of Brajled, in the County of Kent, for certain Lands, the Property of the Right Honourable Frederick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, within the Parish of Brajled aforesaid.

53. An Act for dividing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Saltree, otherwise Sawtry All Saints, and Saltree otherwise Sawtry Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Tottington, in the Parish of Leominster, in the County of Sussex.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Sussex.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary, in or near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester.

17. An

A TABLE of ike STATUTES

i 7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of

Gleucester.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of West Burton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thetford Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk, and Thetford Saint Cuthbert, and Thetford Saint Mary, in the Comities of Norfolk 4qd Suffolk.

20. An Act for inclosing Ljnds in the Parish of Gotham, in the County of

Nottingham.

21. An Act for naturalizing Johannas Hendrik Obrly.

22. An Act for enabling Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay Baronet, and Dame Jane his Wife, to lease Part of the settled Estates in the County of Essex, deviled by the late Dame Anne Mildmay, of Moulfham, Hall, in the said County.

23. An Act for inclosing Lqnds within the Manors of North Bradley and Southwick, in the Parish of North Bradley, in the County of Wilts.

14. An Act for inclosing Lgpds in die Parish, of Wfforne, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Iken, in the County of Suffolk.,

26. Ap Act: to amend an Act-, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of Kirkeaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvecote and Shuttington, in the Parish of Shuttington, in the County of Warwick.

28. An Act for inclosing. Lapcjs in the Parish of Sporle, and Hamlet of Pal-grave., in the County of Norfolk.

29. An Act for yelling certain Estates situate in the County of Norfolk, deviled by the Will of Bridget Southcote, Widow, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates in the County of Essex, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the said Bridget Southcote.

3,0. An Act for discharging John Fydell, late of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, but now of the City of frijlol, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, from being a Trustee of the Freehold Estates of Thomas Burges, late of Weymouth Street, Portland Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, deceased, and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Parts of the fame Freehold Estates of the said Thomas Burges, as, by his Will, are devised to the said John Fydell as a Trustee, out of the said John Fydell, and for veiling the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the fame Freehold Estates in Abrabam Toulmin, Esquire, as a Trustee in the Place and Stead of the said John Fydell.

31. An Act for more effectually maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Embankments and other Works on the South Side of the Channel of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish of Uawarden, in the County of

Flint»

(Local & Perfoital, not printed) 44° GEO. III.

? Flint, and for erecting, and keeping in Repair, other Embankments and Works to prevent Injury being done, as well to the Allotments of Land, made, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, from a certain Common called Saltney Marsh, as also to certain Lands the Property of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in Kingsdon, in the County of Somerset.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands within, and belonging to, the Manors and Parish of Kingsutton, in the County of Northampton.

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Keinton Mandefield, in the County of Somerset.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Bridgham, in the County of Norfolk.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Charney, in the Parish of Longworth, in the County of Berks.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crimplefham, in the County of Norfolk.

38. An Act for inclosing Shaddingfield Common, in the County of Suffolk.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Temple Gutting, in the County of Gloucester.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Carlby, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of an Intercommon or Heath, heretofore called Aunby Heath, within, or adjoining to, the same Parish.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of Bringhurst, Great Eaflon, and Drayton, in the County of Leicester.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Alverton, in the County of Nottingham.

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Toperoft and Denton, in the County of Norfolk.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Gabriel and Binbrooke Saint Mary in the County of Lincoln.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ruiflip, otherwise Rifelip, in the County of Middlesex.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Manea, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Whittooood, in the Parish of Featherstone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Lordships of Great Gonerby and Mauthor pc cum Little Gonerby, in the County of Lincoln.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Rously, and Hamlets of Hither and Far Scaling, in the Parish of Hinderwell, in the County of

' York.

so. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Romsey Extra, in the County of Southampton.

G 51. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of U/ton, in the County of

Berks.

52. An Act for naturalizing Michael Verbeke.

53. An Act for naturalizing Chri/lian Henry Kaujfmam.

54. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Levi Phillips.

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Totham, in the (bounty

of Essex.

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Netherda/e, in the West Riding of York.

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham.

58. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township or Townships of Am-pleforth and Oswaldkirk, in the County of York.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Arlfey, in the County of

Bedford.

60. An Act for effecting the Sale of a Freehold Messuage, with the Lands thereto belonging, situate at Southampton, whereof Sophia Ricketts, Widow of George Poyntz Ricketts, Esquire, is Tenant for Life, and for inverting the Purchase Monies of the Shares which hand limited to the Infant Children of the said George Poyntz. Ricketts, and Sophia his Wife, in Remainder, in Fee Simple, in some other Real Estate, to be settled in lieu of such Shares, and to the farnd Uses.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of AJlwick, in the County of

Bedford.

62. An Act for naturalizing James Fagel.

63. An Act for altering and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling the Lord Bifop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of Building upon; and for granting further Powers, the better to carry into Execution the Purposes of the said Act.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brington, in the County of

Huntingdon.

6$. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Patifhes of Hogsihorpe and Mumby cum

Chapel, in the County of Lincoln.

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of If ip, in the County of Os-ford.

68. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Tighe, Esquire, with Esher Tighe, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An

(Local £? Personal, not printed) 44° GEO. III.

69. An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gerock.

70. An Act for naturalizing Bernard Ubde.

71. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Veichtner.

72. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Charles Leon de Boubee de Brouquens, an

Infant.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

lo vs tueO s'

h nA qi

thru.! util din*

fiaTia ro1. fjh nA od jft eSnisfiolari oJoiarfJ

BaBa tol

\ 'M'O It)

J&U/l

; di To aatnoM JlcrlTtu‘1

bkT aril

SI radio antol rti alqfiri<i

I,) m!) 03

H v rroO a*"

hK id

A. nA .£.& rt.ytliriT

ni yTu»

: A nA 4.

BA nA

1 To yJCiuoO

rii »lnq

j

a* V imw

x 'A n yi t

TDA JA'M P;i /

Go

vv

M ;*TsA-o*f>3 M»n «( J . a*. 4i t»

rf sWl «t* c- v* - :V'" 'i.T. fni im

tlt->

c

' r-n;: V. v-ii

db

4f

Ot

iS

Sc

Hi

XI

vy

V .,flfcin-v/ , <lsa*'

‘itr O.-iMKjtjinS \*t Utt.O ’fi)iia»s*j>-dA

A

A

ML

v»£ ,«.* ibA

, >>? m*3 <a<- i'A

- T ' ‘‘ ‘ . J -

{r;-.iQ) 3a?:; OiflA.

a

v; -«c

sD gafi- sr b«t!t0o3 lo aiit&

akl-j-tiiJ'vi'A ,»?eG vdtriftfl - psi\ti i) notuA

- (VWjJ (i vM

Uat'H ladsiteV/ ,1*01.0 msrtj'STimia & ..’l-.itj d j >V>*«u\) iiurlr.uoS fXi.fl t'- 'dl ". VtAjvit?. >*»ff :lcd2 ,1!j,')V;j8 (-.' . ..i,tH lihO r.s-.H.

M m'4 u ’ i '

WHjdirO itatO boojiSit?!

-> .*. fir --s

u. ».a

, ifflirditE'fJi *s% ,s{: Xt-ili

* sns.1 hjoOi>a

jiv!*4uo£ nl <^VaisA n% iVlvSt

INDEX

TO THE

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS* 44° geo. nr.

ty- All the Acts, the Purpose' of which is not here specifically stateJ, are Road-Acts; and are indexed under the Name of the Place first occurring in the Title, with Reference# from all other Names of Places therein mentioned.

ABBERLEY-HILL, See Cleobury Mortimer.

Aberdeen, See Banff.

Abergavenny Canal, See Brecknock Canal. Acklam, See Leavening.

Alban Saint (Hertfordshire) lighting, &c.

Appleby (IVepmorland)

Arran (Earl of) veiling Estates in Truilecs Aihbourne [Derby)

B.

Banff

Bank of Scotland (increasing Capital)

Barnby Gate, See Littlegate.

Barton Bridge (Lantajler)

Bawtry (York)

Birmingham Canal, See Worcciler Canal. Boultham (Lincoln) inclosing Lands, &c.

Bow (Stratford) Parish, Poor’s Rates Boydell, See Shakspeare.

Bramco e Odd House (Nottingham)

Brechin, See Montrose.

Brecon -

Brecknock Canal Company Bridge End, See Spittlegate.

Bridgford, See Stafford.

Brobury, See Brecon.

Broxholme, See Boultham.

Burl'ord Lane (Gloucester)

Burton, See Boultham.

Bury, See Ratnfey-

[H]

Cap.

8.

60.

32-

10.

8i.

23-

26.

28.

87.

SI-

S'

3g. 39-

29.

'3-'

C:mbridg4

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

C.

Cambridge -

Canon Street Road, See West India Dock Company.

Canterbury [Kent) -

Carlisle (Cumberland) paving, 8cc.

Castleton (Lancnjier) -

Checquer Corner, See Cambridge.

Cherry Brook, See Tavistock.

Chippenham Bridge [Wilts) -

Cleobury Mortimer [Salop)

Clergy, See Incumbents.

Coals (establishing Free Market for)

Cockermouth, See Hefket.

Congleton, See Alhbourne.

Cotes Bridge, See Trent Bridge.

Coventry, See Market Harborough.

Cromford [Derby) -

Crols Houses, See Cleobury Mortimer.

Cureton (Thomas Esq.)’s Executors [Conveyance of E/late)

D.

Dalkeith (Duty on Ale, &c.)

Deptford St. Nicholas [Kent) paving, 8tc.

Derby -

Docks, See London Docks,—West India Docks. Downham, See Cambridge.

Downton Gate, See Tavistock:

Dublin (watching, &c.)

Dunnabridge Pound, See Tavistock.

Dunstan’s (Saint) Cross [Kent)

Dynevor (Lord) [Building Leases)

E.

East India Docks, See West India Dock Company Eccles, See Barton Bridge.

Eccleshall, See Stafford.

Egham, See Stanes,

Elgin, See Banff.

Ellenhall, See Ranton—Stafford.

Ellesmere (P.ailway) -

Ely, See Cambridge.

F.

Farnworth, See Barton Bridge.

Fisheries (Scotch) Regulating five Lane Ends, See Cromford.

G.

Garthbrengy Common, See Brecon.

Glazeley, See Cleobury Mortimer.

Grange Mill, See Cromford.

Glasgow -

Grantham, See Spittlegate.

Great Heaton, See Castleton.

Greflon Bridge, See Tavistock.

H.

Hadding'on.

Haddifcoe (Nttrfoli) inclosing Lands, &c»

Hanley Castle, See Upton Bridge.

Harrow on the Hill [Middlesex) flathow. See Boullbam.

Cap.

70.

69.

3r-

8j-

67.

7*-

36.

53-

64.

22.

54-

45-

sM

6S.

5T-

42.

80.

Highgate,

449 GEO. III.

H. (continued.)

Highgate, See Appleby.

Hinstock, See Whitechurch.

Hereford, See Radnor.

Hefket (Cumberland)

Hopton Moor, See Cromford.

I. & J.

Incumbents (in London) Relief of Inverness (Roads and Bridges) -

And See Banff.

Ireland’s Cross, See Stafford.

Isle of Dogs, See West India Dock Company. Justices, See Leicester.

Kelhatn Lane, See Littlegate. Kirkby Kendal, See Appleby. Knaresborough, See Wetherby.

Lanark, See Renfrew.

Latchett’s Bridge, See Pengate.

Leadenham Hill, See Littlegate.

Leavening (York. E. R.) inclosing Lands, &c.

Leek, SVf Alhbourne.

Leicester (County Rate) -

Littlegate (Lincoln) .

Littleport, See Cambridge.

Livings, See Incumbents.

Llangollen, See Ellesmere.

Uyfwen, See Brecon.

Long Marton (Weshnorlcmd) inclosing Lands, &c. London, See Harrow on the Hill,—Coals,—Incumbents. London Docks (railing 500,000l.)

Lottery, See Slrakfpeare Gallery.

Lyon (John), See Harrow on the Hill.

Cap.

20.

75’

,« oiifl wJbD

tVsC\ \ ImlitlftD

> xmll atnO

.1 jtflJ ttOJinW-jl

11 fiwitfcfl

/. it, LkjIi'I'AT , Vltlod

33*

% > rinwdil

34*

i4-

mwtI 74-2.

M.

Malton, See Old Malton Gate.

Manadon Gate, See Tavistock.

Manchester, See Bawtry,—Castleton. Mansfield, See Litdegate.

Market Brough, See Appleby.

Market Harborough (l.eicester)

Market Lavington, See Pengate.

Marriages, See Vovlas.

Martin in the Fields, (Saint) erecting Chapel Marton Park, See Long Marton.

Mary Stratford Bow (St.) See Bow.

Maw (John Henry Esq.) settling Estates Medway, See Thames.

Milton (Kent) paving, &c.

Monkland Hill, See Pengate.

Montrose (Forfar)}

Morwcllham, See Tavistock.

Moses Gate, See Barton Bridge.

Mullen’s Pond (Southampton)

Mufkham Lane, See Littlegate.

N.

Nantwich, See Whitechurch.

Newark upon Trent, See Littlegate.

- inj t'.tl

85.

so m- i -,) narddtlK-1 41.

it,.

tttsJUv.' Vi': I’H 7S)t."t

21., '

5.

1: H

;> T tsonyJ ,> , stiti.3 tplm.1?

,*-i> all

New

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

N. (continued).

New Bridge, See Tavistock.

Newcastle under Lyne, See YVhitechurch. Newhaven House, See Cromford.

Newland cum Woodhouse Moor, See Normanton. Newport, See Ranton,—Stafford.

Newtown River, See Winchester.

New Quay, SVrTaviftot k.

Normanton (Fork, IV. R.) inclosing Lands, See. North Carlton, See Boultham.

North Lane, See Dunstan’s Saint Cross.

o.

Old Mahon Ga*e (York)

OKI Pound, See Tavistock.

Old Town Gate, See Tavistock.

OfwaLkirk Bank, See York.

Oxton, See Littlegate.

P.

Paddle Brook, See Burford Lane.

Palace Street, See Canterbury.

Pancras Saint (Middlesex) maintaining, &c. Poor Parton, See Willetfley.

Pengare (kVilts) -

Pickering, See Old Malton Gate.

Plymouth, Tavistock.

Plymouth Dock, J

Poor, See Pancras St.—Bow.

Poor’s Rates, See Mary Stratford Bow.

Poultry Compter (removing Prisoners)

Preston, See Wigan.

R.

Radnor -

Ratnfey (Huntingdon) draining, &c. Lands Ranton (Stafford)

Redburn Bridge, See Glasgow.

Renfrew -

Riccard’s House, See Tavistock.

Rochdale, See Castleton.

Rochdale Canal Company

Roll Right Lane, See Woodstock.

Rotherham, See Bawtry.

Ruabon Brook, See Eilefmere.

Rtrfhton Common, See AQibourne.

Ryecroft Gate, See Alhbourne.

Saint Dunstan, See D.

Saint Martin,) ,

o' \ i !- See M.

Saint Mary.

Salford Hill, See Burford Lane.

Salt (bury, See Mullen’s Pond.

Sandon, See Stafford.

Saunders (Arthur), See Arran (Earl of). Saxelby, See Boultham.

Saxon’s Lane End, See Stockport. Scotland, Bank of, See Bank of Scotland. Severn (River), See Upton Bridge. Shakspeare Gallery Lottery

Cap.

72.

63.

47-

61.

84.

48.

I5*

2J-

52-

9-

6.

Sbiwe

S. (continued.)

Cap.

Shawe (Dorothy), See Maw.

Sheffield, See Bavvtry.

Simonburn [Northumberland) intlofing Lands, &c. Sittingbourne, See Milton.

Skellingthorpe, See Boulthara.

Smalley Common, See Bramcote Odd House. Snow Hill, See Temple Bar.

South Carlton, See Boultham.

Southwark (Surrey) paving, &c.

Southwell, See Littlegate.

Spey (River), See Banff.

Spittlegate (Lincoln) -

Stafford (to Sandon) -

Stanes (Middlesex) erecting Bridge Stockport (Chester) -

Stow on the Wold, See Burford Lane.

Stratford Bow, See Bow.

Sutton, See Ranton.

Sutton Coldfield, See West Bromwich,

Swan Inn, See West Bromwich.

Swansea [Glamorgan)

T.

Talbot, See Dynevor (Lord).

Tavistock (Devon) -

Temple Bar, (widening Streets, &c. there) Thames & Medway Canal.

Tinsley, See Bawtry.

Tirley, See Upton Bridge.

Togg Hill, See Chippenham Bridge.

Tone (River) making navigable

U. & V.

Upton Bridge (Worcester)

Uttoxeter, See Derby.

Voylas (Denbigh) Chapel, (Marriages in)

W.

West Bromwich (Stafford)

Westbury, See Pengate.

West India Dock Company Wetherby (York)

Whitney PaH'age, See Brecon.

Whitchurch, See Ranton.

Whitechurch (Salop)

White Cross, See Upton Bridge.

Whitstable, See Dunstan's St. Cross.

Wigan (Lancaster)

Willersley (Hereford)

Winchester (Southampton)

Worksworth, See Cromford.

Withington, See Burford Lane.

Woodhouse, See Normanton.

Woodstock (Oxford)

Woorc, See Stafford.

.1

85.

50. 12. 30. 78.

24-

dr- :Ef olLhlT

{Railway 35. Harbour 55.

i5. 76. 27. 46.

aoftjil

59-

83.

' tbrioo^ B itoR 40.

7- 37-43-

f . . ( nltuM tnitr.

II.

62.

17.

’11A

Woicester

[I]

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

W.

Worcester Canal -

Worsley, See Barton Bridge.

Worthy Cowdown, See Winchester.

Wort ley, See Bawtry.

Y.

Yewes Bridge, See Hesket.

York (City)

Cap.

35-

68.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO REGNI

GEORGII I. III.

Britanniarum Regis,

QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty-second Day of November 1803; being the Second Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

t A C a ii O A A A

III 11

O x JiAVp

f; " T ' '

b: ii- (Jiu'i 9f!J fit ,©8i V, :'! c*rK ,-yr^AoVL to j.U

»>tO i O f.r T t.( . /oi *i 'o 3o 9r.-»l>i J: ‘ -

io n 'A b:.i. sfli k ,bo.i -«» %>-.'*>

1

: '

ri i ..wK 9t:» i > u it *' ;«: oad .»[♦- ’* n ’i V> .!

. w ' . ‘ . iv '.

:VL O a Y. o s

haha*t2 ws^awA brie *?3 xoiioxD b?tnhT

i.c3i In--!' / 3; orn I'gm.l sri' m iialuiil

S

o n^oA^iaAUo

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap.

i.

An Act for keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Saint Dunjian s Cross to North Lane, near to the City of Canterbury, and to the Seaside at Whit-fiable, in the County of Kent.

[9th March 1804.}

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of

His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act 9G-J c for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstan’s Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Waterside at Whitstable, in the County of Kent; and by One other Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms 17 C. and Powers granted l>y an Act, made in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 'An Act for repairing and widening the Road lead- ing from Saint Dunstan’s Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Wa- terfide at Whitstable, in the County of Kentand by One other Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An *3 G- 3. Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Ninth and T-wentyseventh Years of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Dunstan’s Cross, near the City of Canterbury, to the Waterside at Whitstable, in the County of Kent; l'everal Tolls and Powers were given to certain Trustees therein mentioned, which were to continue for the several and respective Terms therein expressed: And whereas the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said several Acts, and have borrowed Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which [Loc. & Per.'] A 2 Money

10.

c.i*.

c. 97.

A

Former Acts repealed.

Trustees of the present Act appointed*

No Act valid unless at a Meeting.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Money is still due and owing, and the said Roads are now very much out of Repair, and it would greatly facilitate the Execution of the several Purposes intended by the said Acts, if the fame were repealed, and further and better Provisions made for such Purposes; and it would be attended with Benefit to the Publick, if Powers were given for amending, widening, and repairing, a certain Branch of Road, being in Length about Seventy-eight Rods, leading from Saint Dunstan’s Cross aforesaid to the West Corner of North Lane, in the Parish of Westgate, in the said County of Kent; but as such several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament i May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts, made in the Ninth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Reverend Sir^iw Fagg Baronet,

John Abbott the elder, John Abbott the younger, James Abbott, John Baker, William Baldock, Samuel Balderson, Browning, Brown,

John Boft Bunce Clerk, Edward Cray ford, John Camming, William Cantis, Henry Croafdail, Michael Chdd, John Collard the elder, John Collard the younger, William Denne, Thomas Delajaux, Charles Delmar, Allen Fielding Clerk, Henry Godfrey Faujfctt, William Foord, Thomas Foord, Richard Frend, Robert Francis, Thomas Fleet, Richard Gibbs, Henry Girps, William Gold»

finch, William Hammond, William Hougham, Richard Halford the elder, John Hodges, Thomas Hammond, Thomas Hyder, Benjamin Hobday, William Homer-Sham, James Homersham, William Horsley, Richard Halford the younger, Gilbert Knowler, Sampson Kingsford, Michael Kingsford, Jonas King, John Lade, William Lvftie, John Monins, Richard Mount, William Miles, William Nutt, Deane John Parker, John Peirce, Thomas Parker, John Zachariab Plummer, Thomas Pain, Charles Eaten Plater Clerk, Charles Robinson, Robert Rujlsbrooke, Joseph Royle, Robert Stains, George Stringer, James Simmons, Edward Smith, Stephen Salisbury, John Bollingbery Stringer, Thomas Starr, William Webjler Sankiy, Matthew William Sankey, John Spencer, John Saunders the younger, and Wotton Smith, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for repairing, widening, turning, altering, and improving the Road leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross, near to the City of Canterbury, through the several Parishes of Saint Dunstan’s Har-bledown, Blean Hearn Hill, Sea Salter, and Whitstable, to the Seaside at Whitstable; and also the Road leading from Saint Dunstan’s Cross aforesaid, through the several Parishes of Saint Dunstan's and Holy Cross, Westgate, to the West Corner of a certain Lane called North Lane, in the said Parish of Westgate, in the said County of Kent; and for otherwise carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees hereby nominated, or to be elected by virtue of this Act, shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at some

Meeting

5

*44 GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, (except as may be herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Time to Time, by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Trustees present at every Meeting not being less than Five, and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being, (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees, a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote.

IV. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Persons to be Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, and all and every the Powers therein contained; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Disability, of any of the Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors to be elected in Manner herein mentioned, to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time, to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the room of each Trustee so dying or refuting, or being incapable of acting; and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, by affixing such Notice on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be handing on the said Roads, at Least Ten Days before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid, shall have the like Powers and Authorities to act in the Execution of this Act in as full and complete a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the Trustee in whose room or Head he shall have been so elected.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Five hundred Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Real and Personal Estate together of the Value of Five hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Coils of Suit, by any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the lame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no EtTbign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid,

{Lot. fc5 iVr.j B or

Majority present uviy *der, tli- whole Number not being less than Five.

Chairman to be appointed, and to have the calling Vote.

On Death or Removal of Trustees, how others are to be chosen.

Qualification of Trustees.

Persons aiding not being qualified, to forfeit 50/.

6

A« oFT. ur-

tees n. t quali Bed, if done before Conviction, valid.

Victu lVrs, &c. incapable cf acting, ttc.

Tmftees may

act as Justice:, ocept where personally in terclted.

First Meeting of Tiuttees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. t. '

or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such P rfoti hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, Ale House, or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collrding the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Ale House, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wines, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls, who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Rose /«n, in the said City of Canterbury, on the ‘Thursday Fortnight after the passing of this Act, and shall then and there proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there, or at any other Place in or near to the said City of Canterbury, as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to ad at such Meeting in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to fomc other Day within Thirty Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cauie publick Notice thereof to be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or to be creded by virtue of this Act, Ten Days at lead before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the said Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences; and no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during such Time as he snail hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

7

44° GEORG 11 lit. Cap. i.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Meetings on any Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or Times be thought ne- Emergencies, ceflary that a Meeting of the Trustees shall be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the Paid Trustees (an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of the Paid Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode,) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place, which shall be mentioned in the Order of the Paid Trustees (such Time not being sooner than Ten Days after such Notice'; and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting, shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Pro- 0r°r^j° ceeding, made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this atea’ Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Me-tinE for Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, specify- uniefc a ing the Revocation or Alteration to be made, be affixed on all and every Majority of the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at lead Fourteen p^Vcon* Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three cur. Fourths of the Trustees prefcnl at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to Proceedings be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular En- to be en,ereo-tries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such

Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book or Books shall at all the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Book or Entries of Books in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceedings of any of the uliaer'forme Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority Acts good of the said recited Acts, or any of them, (such Entry or Entries being E',id‘nce made in such Book or Books according to the Direction of, and

made Evidence by, the said recited Acts respectively) shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they Trusteest® are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer

8

an»\ remove them i

and allow them Salaries.

Trustees to take Security from the Treasurer.

Officers to account*

Treasurer to account on on Oath.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

surer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers and Persons respectively, as the^the said Trustees shall fee Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required, to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed, shall under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts, in Writing, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall on the First Monday in the Month of April yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verily their said Accounts; and if such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid; or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Piace of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame,then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Officer so refilling or wilfully neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice majr, and he is hereby authorized and required, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal; for the Officer so refilling or neglecting to appear before him; and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied

by

9

44° GEORGII T III. Cap. i.

by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Pfficer, and he shall have refused, or wilfully neglected, to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all offictrs afling and every Person and Persons appointed by virtue of or acting, or who , Juic'dto'S have acted in Execution of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, account to who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power, any Monies col- this Act

ledted by virtue of, or any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said several recited Acts, shall, when thereunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by Five or more of the said Trustees acting in Execution of this Act, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said Acts respectively, and all the Books, Papers, and Writings, relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or disbursed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto; and every such Person or Persons so accounting, shall, upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer), verify all their said Accounts; and if any such Person or Persons shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforesaid, all Books,

Papers, and Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees in respect of the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he is hereby authorized and required, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Conner. Gf Per.] C fsflion

IO 44° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

session of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be due from such Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be raised by Distref's and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons as aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons can be found sufficient toanswerand satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Person or Persons shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Person or Persons, and he, she, or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commitevery such Offender to the Common Gaolor House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition in Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

On the Death

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to of a Gate. and for any Two or more of the said Trustees, upon the Death, Neglect, teesuiaym>mf- Refusal, or Incapability to act, of any Collector of the Tolls hereby nate another granted, by Writing under their Hands to nominate and appoint some Meeting "'xt other Person in his or her Place, to act as a Collector of such Tolls, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said Roads, which Person so to be nominated shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person in whose room If discharged or head he or she shall be so appointed; and if any Collector of the said Gatekeeper Tolls, who shall be discharged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, KvctupToii* hiall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and House, tic. Appurtenances which he or she enjoyed in Right of his or her Appointment to that Office, within Two Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll House, in Writing, under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in the Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refute to deliver up such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances within Four Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid, shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll any Justice House, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, then and in may cause him either of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for any Juf-o put out. t;ce of the Pe2Ce for the County, City, or Place, where such Toll House shall Hand or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be r necessary

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i. u

necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector in Possession thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may Tnifteesem-continue the present Turnpike, and (in case they shall think proper) cause *Turn to be erected such and so many other Turnpikes to secure the Tolls here- pikes and Toll by granted upon, or cross the said Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near unto, or cross any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, and shall and may continue the present Toll House, and erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Houses as they shall think proper; and shall and may, in Manner herein directed for the purchasing andtaking of Land for theturning or widening of the said Roads, purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and shall and may cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpike or Turnpikes the Tolls following, before any Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Cala(h,

Chaise, Curricle, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse,

Mule, Afs, or any Sort of Cattle whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say).

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Cala(h, Chaise, Hearse, or Litter, Tolls* diawn by Four or more Horses, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Hearse, Litter, Chaise, Curricle, or Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by Three or Two Horses, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Calafli, Chaise, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by more than Four Horses or other Bealls, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by Three or Four Horses or other Beads, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by Two Horses or other Beads, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by One Horse or other Bead, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lets Number: And For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they ToiUveftedin are hereby veded in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put up, the Trulte s-and continued, at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Roads, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Toils, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons

subject

12 44° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

subject to the Payment of any of the Paid Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and distrain, or cause to be seized and distrained, any Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle, chargeable with the said Tolls, or their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing and distraining shall and may fell, or cause to be sold, the Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horses, Beads or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements, so seized and distrained, or any Part thereof, at or near the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deduced and paid.

In case of Dispute concerning the Tolls, and Charges, the Matter to be settled by a Justice.

Turnpikes, etc. ve(ted in the Trustees.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of distraining, keeping, or felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person distraining to detain the Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, or the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Dispute shall arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus, after Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Turnpike and Toll House erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, and of all the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Grounds, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively; and of all Mile Stones and Ports erected and to be erected, and also of all Materials, Tools, and implements, which are or shall be provided for making and repairing the said Roads by virtue of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or of any of them, or of this Act, shall be verted in the said Trustees hereby appointed; and they are hereby empowered to cause any Action to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred against any Person or Persons who shall (teal, break down, takeaway, injure, or spoil such Turnpikes, Tell Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile Stones, Pods, or any of them, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements as aforesaid.

Toils to be

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained aaDaybUt°nCe extend or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or

in

13

44° GEORGII lit. Cap. i.

in respect of the fame Horse or other Beast: or Cattle, Coach, Berlin,

Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Chair, Litter, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, passing and repassing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll hath been paid in that Day on the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on the Payment of such Toll.

XXL And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said Tolls, °[|r

be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, offer, or dif- xoUs."2 pose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons, any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket, in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Roads, near unto any Turnpike erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Horse or other Bead or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse or other Beast or Cattle through or over any Way or Passage (not being a publick Way or Passage) or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, or near to any of the said Turnpikes; or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any HoTfe or other Beast from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Fart thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the In- . former, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or General taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed ExtmPt,onj-in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or undried Hops, or old Hop Poles for Fuel, Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons,

Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs,

Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage,

Compost, or Manures, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or L.ands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman \Loc. & Per.~\ D going

Collectors of Tolls to be competent Witndet.

Trustee* way

reduce the Toll*, etc. with the Consent of the Creditor* j

and afterwards advance them again.

Tolls may be let.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under th- Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pases, or in the Conveyance of Patients to the General Kent and Canterbury Hospital near to the said City of Canterbury, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Kent, or of any Citizen or Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Canterbury, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nd if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner wh o-soever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

xxiii. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to coliedl the same shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th.;t it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, to lessen or reduce all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls granted by this Act, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force and Effect with respect to Overweights: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, shall not have been paid off and discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting

upon

T5

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

upon Ten Days Notice being given, and affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the larged yearly Sum that can be reasonably gotten for the fame, provided that the Leases, Contradls, or Agreements of or for the fame, be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking such Tolls, and also by the said Trustees; but such Tolls shall not be let for more than Three Years at any One Time; and the Rent which ffiallbe agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so that One Quarterly Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in Default thereof, every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thertof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so levied, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmei or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Tin^ to Time, to compound with any Person or Persons for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, Horses, or other Beads, passing on the said Roads, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, Horses, or other Beads; and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance Half-yearly or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall appoint; and in Default thereof every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Bonds, Mortgages, Alignments, Grants, Conveyances, Leases, and other Securities, made or granted by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any others whomsoever, acting by or under the Authority of the said several recited Acts, shall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, for and during the Continuance of this Act, as if the said recited Acts had not been repealed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Ltfiers, or Per ions appointed by then, may collect the Tolls.

TrulUes may compound for Tolls.

Old Securities to be good.

i6

Trustees may

burrow Money not exceeding 7000l.

Form of Mortgage.

Copies of Mortgages to be entered.

Transfer of Mortgages-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

XXIX. And, for the more speedy raising such Money as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Paid Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, together with the Sums already borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts, and now due and owing, in the Whole, the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes or Toll Houses erected or to be erected on the said Road (the Charges of such Assignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Assignmenis shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ JDY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty fourth Year of ‘ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Jet forth the Title of ‘ this A fit] We, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, and Seals affixed,

being Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Act, in Consideration

of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Roads

in Hand paid by A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise un-

to the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such

‘ Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also of the

Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum charged

or advanced, or to be charged or advanced on the Credit of the said Act,

to be had and holden from this Day of in

the Year of our Lord for and during the

‘ Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with Interest after the Rate of per Centum

per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands

‘ and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees; and such Book or Books shall and may at all reasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, and the Mortgages or Alignments which were made by virtue of any of the said recited Acts, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments respectively have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may, from Time to Time, align and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage therefrom, and all their Right, Title, and Interest, to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hanjls and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

IA.B.

I.

17

44° GEORGII III. Cap.

t A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured

* to Executors, Administrators, and Af-

‘ signs, by virtue of a Mortgage or Alignment, bearing Date the

‘ Day of under the Hands and Seals of

« of the Trustees acting in the Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, intituled \_set forth the Title of this All] or

made in the Ninth (or Twenty-seventh) Year of the Reign of King ‘ George the Second, ffetforth the Title of either of the said recited Acts ‘ so repealed, as the Case may be] upon the Credit of the said Act, do ‘ hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all Prin-

cipal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto C. D.

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Trustees within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall Cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Alignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Alignments, or; Transfers, shall be made as aforesaid (as well such Mortgages or Alignments made by virtue of any of the said recited Acts, as of this present Act) shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Alignments: Provided nevertheless, that before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed, Twenty-one Days Notice at the ieaft shall be given in some Newspaper or Newspapers printed and circulated in the Eastern Division of the said County of Kent, signifying the Intention of borrowing such Money.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, ihorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path, or any Part or Parts of the Roads comprized in this Act; and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Common or Waite Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they mayfultain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall andmay be \_Ltc. ft? Per.] E lawful

F-.rm of Transfer.

Notice of Transfers to be given to the 1 Clerk, in Three Calendar Months.

Trustees to give Notice

£reviously to arrowing Money.

Trustees may turn 01 alter the Course of the Roads;

and may con-

trad! for the Purchase of

i8

lands for that Parpdfes

Corporations, £37. empowered to treat.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees summoned for that Purpose, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of, and the Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Roads in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall, by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint, be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands and Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Roads to be ,amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as the fame has been or ought to be kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the best Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or with the Town Clerk of the said City of Canterbury, according to the Jurisdiction in which such Lands or Grounds shall lie or be situate, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, F.xecutors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said 1 rustees, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and eft'eftual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, Custom, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i. 19

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, or carr'f°^'r' Occupier of or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tene- totrew.or^t ments, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or agreeing^ proper to be purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or ibeVecom-' any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggre- pence, gate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise,

shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Kent, or of the City of Canterbury, (according to the Jurisdiction in which the Premises in question shall be fttuate (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them are hereby empowered to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor,

Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summon and call before them all and every Person and Persons, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer), and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Information of the said Jury, in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, or De- verdict of the termination so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons anywise interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim,

Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or (in case of Refusal to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England in Manner directed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed, to be disposed of.

20

Jury may be challenged.

Sheriffs, may be fined for Neglect of Duty,

Owners of

Xand used in making a new Road to

have the first Offer of the old Road.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.t.

ind such Acts to be done thereto, as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Five or more of them, to the respective Sheriffs of the said County of Kent, and City of Canterbury, in their respective JurisdiOions, thereby commanding and requiring such respective Sheriffs to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said respective Sheriffs or their respective Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured, or summoned to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve: Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impofeany reasonable Fine or Fines on such respective Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, who shall make Default in the Premises; and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury, and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully tiegleft his or their Duty therein; and on any of the Persons, who, being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn or be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course of any Part of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened, and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining Land, as shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the same Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act,

and

21

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the Paid Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Premises) to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the IJigh Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such old Road shall be situate, Rating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed, or has refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be; and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required, to assure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him, her, or them, a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall By whom the give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall, by tEhxepj""es,of or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summon- be ° ing and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, have been offered before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not inte-[Lor. Ssf Per.J F rested

22

Trustees to pay Expences, where Persons from Absence, are prevented from treating.

Houses, etc. not to be injured.

Application of Com pentagon if amounting to 200l.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

rested in the Matter in Question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), and shall and may be deduded out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise, such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House, or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof respectively.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Dir redion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affeding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not befo applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or

Heredi-

4-4° GEORGII III. Cap. t. 23

Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Mo- ^'compen-ney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or htion it lets Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid,

and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under 10/. any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case oflnfancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signifiedih Writing, under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Wricing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than ration ids Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to thanlo/-the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy,

Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Per- in case of mt

fons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Pur- making out ,;IJ chafe T, UeSi

*4

or if Persons cannot b« found. Pur-ch.ife Money to be paid into the Bankj

ftibieft to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Monty to be paid to the Person who shall he in Possession of the Land, &V. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto accoidinr to such Possession unJtfr,

The Court of Chancei y may order

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a luminary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Eftatrs, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose life the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that (ome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under

the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. r.

the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be require^ to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Ufe8 in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purchases as the said Coure shall direct.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fortheSurveyororSurveyorsof the said Roads, and to and for all such Persons, as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and takeaway any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Roads, out of or from any Cummonor Waste Ground, River, or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in which any Part of the said Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or doping down the Banks, where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the.private Lands, Fields, or Grounds, of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nurseryfor Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Gounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, acccording to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Patty to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to he:T, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, acting {Loc. & Per.~] G under

25

leafbnable Expe-ners of Purchases to he paid by the Trustees.

For getting Materials to repair the Roads.

Notice ro be given to the Occup er of

26

imlofed panels, be-foie Materials are t^bc taken.

Penalty on taking away Materials got by Order of the Surveyor.

Surveyor to make Drains/ GTr.

making reasonable Sa-\ tistaonon.

In case of Difference, Justices in Sessions to

44.* GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away, any Materials for repairing such Roads, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to betaken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace aftingfor the County, City, or PLce, where such Premises shall lie or be situate, to shew cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier, or his Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Mattrials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justices shall seem p oper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself, or his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fir, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had aitended.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomever shall take away any Gravel or Materials which fhaM have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, or Waste Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks, ^except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so of fending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint, by Order of the said l'rustees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper, for amending and keeping in Repair any Part of the said Roads; and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House) to be made use of as a publick Highway, whi 1ft the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Roads are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference shall arise between such Owners or Occupiers and

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. i. 27

such Trustees, touching such Damage, then and in every such Case the determine the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace la'"e" to be holden for the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, or for the City of Canterbury (according to the Jurisdiction in which the Land shall lie) next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to hear, settle, and determine the fame; and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Surveyors may shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor and Surveyors, and such remove'An-Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (by the Direction of the Truf- noyances. tees), from Time to Time to prevent and remove all Annoyances on or in any Part of the said Roads, by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, or otherwise, lying on the said Roads, or by Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, laid or running into the same to the Prejudice thereof; and may cleanse any Ditch or Watercourses adjoining to the said Roads; and shall and may cut down, loportop any Trees, Boughsof Trees, or Bushes growing the rein, and take and carry away such Trees, Boughs, or Bushes, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or any of them, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop or top any such Trees, Boughs, or Bullies, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of Ten Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered by virtue of this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as afore- penalty on said, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety offending whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act. Annoyances.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, penalty on or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree ^Tr^tone" or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, ,n the Roads, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be con- otherw.fethan veyed upon any Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of such Roads carriage. 'U to the Prtjudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Roads to be said l rullees shall and they are hereby required to cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Pods to be erected upoivor near the Sides Jobe tec up. thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Oiltance of every such Stone or Poll from any other Place, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously break any of the pennltyfor said Stones or Pods, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall obliterate or breaking or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks, which shall be inscribed

thereon,

28

I.

Pows r to Collectors, etc. to detain unknown Persons guilty of Offences.

Persons chargeable to the said Road to continue so.

Contro^erfies concerning Statute Work, how to be determined.

4.40 GEORGII III. Cap.

thereon, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by Confcfiioft of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Justice of the Peace for the Eastern Division of the County of Kent, such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone or Post so broke, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted; and in case the Person so offending, and convicted of such Offence, shall not have Goods or Chattels sufficient to pay and discharge such Penalty, and the Costs and Charges of such Didrefs and Sale, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the said Division, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Eastern Division of the said County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month unless such Penaltyj Costs, and Charges, shall be sooner paid and discharged.

XLIX. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers acting under this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where any such Offence or Offences shall be Committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

L. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who by Law is or are liable to do Statute Work, or is or are chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads hereby directed to be repaired, shall (fill remain liable and chargeable thereto in like Manner as heretofore.

LI. And, for the preventing of Differences between the said Trullees and the Surveyors of the Highways for the several Parishes, Divisions, or Places, through which the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired do pass, touching what Part of the Statute Work ought to be done by any Parish, Place, or Division, on the said Roads; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, or City of Canterbury, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, iii lieu of or as a Composition for such Statue Work as aforesaid, dial 1 be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treafu-rers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to funimon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Time and Place to be expressed in such Summons (within i Ten

29

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Ten Days after the serving of such Sammons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such S atute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the Paid Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Perfofts who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the lame shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refule to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or leftdor him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be fub-jedf and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Coporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhaler, $5* Per.] H bitanta

Trustees may compound for Statute Work.

3°

Application of Money.

Penalties, how to be levied and applied.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. j.

bitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, injieu'of the whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the First Day of May in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to'and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall in the first Place be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or out of the first Monies borrowed, received, or collected by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act; and the Remainder thereof shall, from Time to Time, be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and the Interest thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution: Provided nevertheless, that the Interest of the Monies borrowed upon the Credit of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, shall in the first Place, from Time to Time, be duly and regularly paid as the same shall become due and payable, out of the Tolls collected by virtue of this Act, before such Tolls shall be applicable to any other Purpose or Purposes whatsoever, save and except in paying and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of or incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed and incurred (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Eastern Division of the said County of Kent, or City of Canterbury, where the Offence shall happen, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer}, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned, upon Demand, to the O.vner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; anJ such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, (if not herein directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Fourteen

Days,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. r.

Days, unless such Penalties, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and discharged.

LV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees against any Person or Persons, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Eastern Division of the said County of Kent, or for the said City of Canterbury (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen , the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Two Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or City, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and such Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

3*

Actions to be brought in the Names of the Treasurer or Clerk or One of the Trustees j but neither of them to be liable to the Payment of Costs,

Appeal.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Distress not to for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress it- b« unlawful self shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the ,!°0rr^iU ot fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parries distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages, in an Action upon the Cafe.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assess-- Proceeding* ment. Judgement, or other Proceedings, made touching or concerning n db'fjr any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Con- wantofform, viction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or cr "moveable vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, h> c,r"0Taru or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s

Courts

32 44° GEORG il III. Cap. r.

Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

plaint?tr* not

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall re-without No- cover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for tice, or after any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall Amends.0* ^ave ^etn R'ven to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, cr to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation of

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Actions. ke commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited.or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble C'ofts, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

Commence-

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Continuance place on the 7*burfday Fortnight after the passing thereof, and shall be in oftirisAS. Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

t

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London. {[9th March 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign *nO. j.

and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Pt> t of London, after reciting, that certain Persons, therein named, had ent. re ! into a Suoscription to raise a certain Sum of Money, as a Joint Stock or Fund, for the Purposes therein mentioned, it was enacted, that the said Persons therein so named, and others therein described, should, for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, be a Joint Stock Company, by the Name and Description of ‘lhe London Dock Company, and that the Sum therein mentioned to be subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as therein mentioned, should, when paid, be considered as a Capital or Joint Stock; and the fame was or were thereby vested in the said Dock Company, in the Manner therein mentioned; and it was also enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Company, in Manntr therein also mentioned to taife and augment the Capital of the said Company to any further Sum, not

sand Pounds; and that in case that Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, it should be lawful for the said Company to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of certain Rates and Duties by the said Act granted to the said Company, any further Sum, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, for completing and perfecting the Works by the said Act directed to be made: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act, the Capital of the said Company hath been augmented to the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds; but the said Sum of Three hundred [Lee. £sf Per.~] I thousand

Cap. 2.

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet Doth), Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation

exceeding in the \\ hole the Sum of One million two hundred thou-

34

Authorizing the Company to augment their Capital Stock.

Power for the Company

to bouew the

Money either at liueieft.

On the Credit of the Rates, or by augmenting their Stuck,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

thousand Pounds, or any Fart thereof, hath not been borrowed or taken up at Interest by the said Company, and cannot at present be raised in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Act: And whereas considerable Progress hath been made in carrying on the Works directed by the said Act, and in making the Purchases which by the said Act were authorized to be made; but, from the great Advance in the Price of Materials and Labour, and from other Circumstances which have taken place since the passing of the said Act, it is found that the said Act cannot be carried into complete Execution, without a Power being given to the said Company to raise a larger Sum of Money than is authorized by the said Act, and in a Manner different from the Mode therein prescribed: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for the better and more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and for providing for the necessary Charges relating thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any Meeting or Meetings to be specially called for that Purpose, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, by such Ways and Means, and upon Such Terms as at such Meeting or Meetings so called shall be thought expedient, and be directed, to augment the said Capital Stock of One million two hundred thousand Pounds, by any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole Five hundred thousand Pounds, in case such Meeting, or the Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present and entitled to vote thereat, shall declare it to be necessary and expedient so to augment the said Capital Stock; and that all such additional Capital Stock, as shall be so raised, shall be considered as Part of the General Stock of the said Company, and be under and subject to the fame Provisions. Regulations, Directions, and Management, in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been Part of the said original Capital Stock of One million two hundred thousand Pounds (except as to the Time or Times of making Calls for the said additional Capital Stork, and the Amount of such Calls, which Time and Times, and the Amount of such Calls respectively, shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Directors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them): Provided always, that no more than Twenty-five Pounds per Centum of futh additional Sum or Sums shall be called for or appointed to be paid within One Calendar Month: Provided also, that all the Regulations, Provisions, and Clauses, contained in the said recited Act, in relation to the Calls for the said Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds, and to the Recovery thereof, or of any Arrears, and to the Forfeitures-of any Sums advanced, by reason of any Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Calls, shall be applicable to the Calls for the said additional Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or such Fart or Parts thereof as shall be required to be raised by Way of additional Capital Stock as aforesaid, and the Refusal or Neglect to comply with such Calls last mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Majority of Proprietors present, and entitled to vote at any such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, shall think it adviseable to borrow the said. Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds at Interest, in Manner herein-after mentioned, or shall deem it expedient to raise only a Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Augmentation of their Capital Stock, and to borrow the Remainder thereof at Interest,

then

35

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

then and in either of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for the said Company to borrow and take up at Interest:, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act granted to the said Company, any Sum or Sums of Money, so as the whole Sum to be raised under the Authority of this Act, Avail not exceed Five hundred thousand Pounds: And, in order to the raising of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or any Thirteen or more of them, shall and may, at the Costs and Charges of the said Company, aAign over the Rates and Duties arising by virtue of the said recited Act, or a competent Part thereof, and also charge and subject all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of or belonging to the said Company, or a competent Part thereof, as a Security for Repayment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, Nominee or Nominees, Executor? or Administrators; and all such Assignments and Securities shall be made and entered, and be transferable from Time to Time, in the same Manner, mutatis mutandis, and the fame, and the Monies so to be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, shall be under and subject to such and the fame Provisions, Regulations, Directions, and Management, in all Respects, as are in and by the said recited Act prescribed and directed, concerning the Assignments and Securities to be made and given for the Monies thereby authorized to be borrowed by the said Company, and concerning such lait mentioned Monies, and the Interest thereof.

III. Provided always, That it shall be lawful to insert in any Securities to be made as aforesaid, if the Majority of the said Proprietors present and entitled to vote at any such Meeting Anil think fit, an Agreement, by which a Right shall be given to the respective Persons who shall advance and lend the said Money, or any Part thereof, or to the Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled thereto, to have an Option of having rheir several and respective Loans repaid in Money, or of being admitted to have such a Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company in lieu thereof, at such Time or Times, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as shall be agreed upon by the Directors of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, under the Authority of such Meeting or Meetings of the said Company as aforesaid, on the One Part, and the Persons from whom such Monies shall be borrowed from Time to Time on the other Part; so nevertheless, that the respective Shares of the said Capital Stock, and the Time or Times, and the Terms and Conditions, to be agreed upon as aforesaid, in relation to such Option, shall be expressed in the respective Securities for such Principal Monies, otherwise the Agreement or Agreements for such Option shall be void, and have no Effect.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the borrowing all or any Part of the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds in the said recited Act mentioned, in the Manner directed by the said Act, as well as the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by this Act authorized to be raised or borrowed as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That none of such Assignments and Securities to be made by the said Directors, pursuant to the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall, on account of prior Date and Execution, be entitled to any Priority of Payment, or other Preference, before any other or others of such Securities of later Date} except the

Preference

Power to af-%n the Rates r.s a Security for the Sums to be borrowed.

Persons advancing the Money, t® have the Option of being repaid in Money, or to have a proportionable Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company.

Securities of prior Oates not to be entitled to a Preference ia Payment,

36

For paying the Interest of the Money to be bof" rowed

Interest to be paid Half-yearly.

Powers and Privileges of former Act extended to this Act; and both Acts to be confide red as One Act.

Decl aring the Act publ ck.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Preference which from Time to Time may be agreed to be given, in relation to the Option of converting Loans into Capital Stock under the Authority of this Act; and also except the Security hereby authorized to be given upon the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Company, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, in relation to the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be charged on the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or such Part thereof as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, as well in the mean Time and until the Rates and Duties granted to the said Company by the said recited Act shall commence, as at all Times afterwards, when necessary, it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay the Interest of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, or so much and such Part and Parts thereof as shall be raised by way of Loan in Manner aforesaid (and whether with or without such Option as aforesaid), to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, out of any Monies which shall from Time to Time be in the Hands or Power of the said Company, applicable to the Purposes of the said recited Act or of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on Assignment or Mortgage as aforesaid, shall, from the Time the said Money, or any Part thereof, shall be advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in Preference to any Interest or Dividend due and payable to the said Company or any of them; and shall from Time to Time be fully paid and discharged, or provided for, before any Interest or Dividends due to the said Company or any of them, shall be paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, and Privileges, as to voting or otherwise, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said recited Act, shall extend and be construed to extend to this Act, and to the said D>rectors and others carrying this Act into Execution; and also to all Proprietors, or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, possessed of any Capital Stock advanced under any of the Provisions of this Act, or lending any Sums of Money to the said Company under this Act, their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns; and also to the Transfer, Assignment, or Forfeiture, of, any such Capital Stock, and to the Securities for any Money so lent; and also as to the prosecuting or defending any Actions or Suits in the Name of or against the Treasurer of the said Company; and fh.dl operate and be in force as to all such additional Capital Stock or Money lent, and the Application of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were severally and particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and nrde Part thereof; and the said recited Act and this Act shall, as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, be construed as One Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 3.

An A<$ for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd Housey in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby; and other Roads therein mentioned.

[9th March 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An 4 G’ Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkefton, to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby; and from Trowtll in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham: And whereas another Act was *+ G- 3-passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Act, except so far as related to the Road leading from Ilkefton to the Town of Shipley: And w'hereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the [Loc. fs? Per.-] K Tolls

Acts further continued.

Additional '1 ruitees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, together with a considerable Arrear of Interest; and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and forae of the Powers granted by the said Acts, altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things, thetein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if the fatne were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but fgbject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Act hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said respective Acts, and also of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts or of this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Francis Agard, James Amys, George Almond, Thomas Antill, George Almond the younger, Robert Almond Somue{ Aijlcbie, the Reverend John Blanchard, Jonas Bettifon, Francis Barber, Robert Barber, the Reverend Thomas Bigsby, Thomas Barber, Francis Brqithwaite, Charles Bloomar, George Burbage, Samuel Beardsley, John Burnjide, Charles Edward Badger, John Bell, John Bates, bletchtr Bullivant, Jonas Bradley, Edward Bard/ley, Thomas Bolton, James Bellamy, Thomas Bafnett, Lord George Augujhts Henry Cavendish, Daniel Parker Coke, Thomas Charlton, John Chamberlin, Samuel Colclough, Edward Chatteris, William Clarke, Humphry Cox, John Cramond, the Reverend Leonard Chapman, Joseph Cooper, Benjamin Chambers, the Reverend William Clarke, William Cocks, John Chamberlin the younger, John Crojland, Robert Cowle, Robert Denison, Thomas Dusty, Thomas Webb Edge, Williatn Elliott Elliott, John Elliott, the Reverend Barlow Evitts, George Fillingham, Daniel Freet/j, Samuel Freeth, Alexander Foxcroft, John Firth, James Fidler, Samuel Fox, John Freeth, John Falkner, John Grey, Henry Garton, John Garton, Edmund Goodall, Thomas Green, the Reverend William Gill, Thomas Geljlhorpe, William Gould, John Gill, Sir Henry Hunlocke Baronet, Sic Henry Harpur Baronet, Benjamin Harrington, George Hopkin/on, the Reverend John Hancock Hall, the Reverend Nathan Haines, William Harwood, Joseph Heath, William Huthwaite, John Hawley, Samuel Hulfe, William Hammond, Henry Hall, Richard Hoot on, James Hcoley, Nathan Tempeji Haines, Thomas Hill, William Jamfon, Anthony Jackson, Richard Japies, James Northage James, Joseph Jackson Doctor in Divinity, Edward Jones, Peter Kendall, Jonas Kewney, John Wright Killingley, William Drury Lowe, Cornelius launder, Samuel Lawfoti, Charles Lacey, John Longden, James Lees, Francis Lambert, William Lowe, Edward Miller

Mundy,

39

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Mundy, Edward Miller Mundy the younger, the Reverend Henry Cafe Moorwood, Thomas Maltby, James Maltby, Robert MetcalfThomas Mettam, the Reverend George Mettam, Charles Lomas Morley, Henry Moore, John Ball Mason, John Mujlers, Benjamin Maddock, John Henry Maddock, George Mellor, William Marfden, John Mills, George Mills,

Jonathan Markland, John Newton, the Reverend Charles Nixon, John Nixon, John Need, Matthew Needham, George Nelson, Pendock Neale,

James Nixon, William Nunn, William Nunn the younger, Langford Neville,

Thomas Oldknow the younger, Thomas Oldham, isaac Orme, Sir Thomas Parkyns Baronet, Robert Padley, James Potter, Thomas Pepper, John Place, the Reverend Thomas Pepper, William Pidcock, John Parker,

Thomas Prentice, Richard Price, Daniel Paulet, Charles Pearson, Christopher Rolleston, John Radford, James Robinson, John Robinson, Martin Roe,

William Rawbotham, William Roe, the Honourable Henry Sedley, the Reverend Robert Stanfer, the Reverend William Smelt, the Reverend Henry Smith, the Reverend George Saunders, Samuel Statham, John Sterland, Rober-Summers, Edward Spencer, Robert Sykes, John Stanley, William Smith, Nathaniel Stubbins, Edward Swann, Christopher Swann, Alexander Strahan, George S tret ton, William Stretton, John Simpson, Richard Storks, Richard Gregory Storks, William Stanley, John Smith, James Smith, Robert Strelly, Joseph Satterfield, John Swann, Edward Sterland, William Sanday, John Fry Stanford,

William Smith, Edward Skipwith, George Sedley, William Turbutt, John Topott, James Tebbutt, Samuel Tupman, Thomas Tollinton, William Taylor,

William Taylor, William Taiham, John Towle, Sir Robert Wilmot Baronet,

Sir John Borlace Warren Baronet, John Wright, Ichabod Wright, John Smith Wright, Francis Wakefield, Samuel Wyer, Richard Webjler, Hugh Wood, the Reverend John Wood, Joshua Ward, Thomas Walker, Edward Wilson, George Whitfield the elder, William Woodward, Thomas Wright, and George Whitfield the younger, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees for putting the said Acts and this Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees hereby appointed, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, together with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act, shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered to put the said Acts and this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last-recited Act HnifToil as enacts that no more than One-half of the full Toll thereby granted reP'aled-shall be taken at any Gate or Turnpike erected or set, or to be erected or

set between the Town of Wollaton, and the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be repealed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than °n,y Half-One-half of the full Toll granted by the said recited Acts shall be taken at Radftrd. at any Gate or Turnpike erected and set, or to be erected and set between Wiethe said Town of Wollaton and the said Town of Nottingham, for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, laden only with Coals, or for the Horses or other Beasts drawing the fame, or for any Horses or other Beasts carrying Coal.

V. And whereas the Exemptions from Tolls granted by the said re- cianfeof cited Acts, have been found inconvenient and detrimental to the said Road, be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and they are hereby repealed;

4o

Mails.

Soldiers.

Reilors, SV.

Materials for

repairing

punliekRonds.

Manure.

Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, to be Hacked at Owners Dwelling House.

Farming

Implement?.

Cattle to Water and Palturc.

Vagrants.

Elections.

Exemption in farrour of the Inhabitants of I Folia ton, Vc.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, no Toll shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horses or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom; nor for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor shall any Toll be demanded of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or any other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor of or from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his or their parochial Church or Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship,'on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Fb-neral of any Person or Persons who shall die or be buried in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place, through which the said Road passes j nor for or in respect of any Cattle or Carriage laden only with, or going for, or returning empty after being laden only with Gravel, Stone, or other Materials, for repairing the said Road, or any other publick Road or High-way; or any Dung, Mould, Lime, Soil, Marl, or Comport, for manuring any Grounds within any Parish in which any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates are or shall be erected, or in any of the next adjoining Parishes at such last mentioned Toll Gates; or with any Grass, Hay, Sant-foin, Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Yards, or Premises, of the respective Inhabitants or Occupiers within such respective Parish, Hamlet, or Place, and carried for their own private Use and Consumption only, and not for Sale; nor for any Cattle drawing, or Carriage going with or going empty, or returning empty, after being laden only with any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, belonging to any such Inhabitant or Occupier; nor for any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle going to or returning from Water, Pasture, Plough, or other Work in Husbandry, upon or in any of the Lands within any of the said several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, or going to be shoed or farried; nor for any Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by Passes; nor of or from any Person or Persons, going to vote at, of returning from, any Election of a Member of Parliament for the Counties of Nottingham or Derby respectively, or for the Town of Nottingham or the Borough of Derby, on the Day before, or the Day or Days of such Election, or the Day after the same shall be concluded; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

VI. Provided always nevertheless. That the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Wollaton Trowell and Lojfall, in the County of Nottingham, shall have free Passage with their Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, loaded only with Dung, Mould, Soil, Marl, Lime, or Comport, for manuring the Grounds in any of such Parishes, at all and every the Toll Gates erected and to be erected on the said Road, between Trowell aforesaid and the Town of Nottingham, without Payment of any Toll whatever;

any

4*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

any Thing herein-before or in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIT. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the Meetings on Trustees it shall upon any Emergency be thought necessary that there shall E'ne,!?en‘:«s-be an earlier Day of Meeting than the Time fixed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing, signed by Five or more of the acting Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice, by a Writing affixed on all the Toll Gates then erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or by Advertisement in the Nottingham and Derby Newspapers, of the Time, Place, and Purpose, which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time being not less than Seven Days), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said No Order to Trustees at any of their Meetings, shall be revoked or altered unless at wVhmnNo-forae Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Notice shall be given ticeot'Mec«-by Advertisement in the Nottingham and Derby Newspapers, or such of '"s‘ them as shall be then printed and publitbed, Twenty-one Days at least before such Meeting (signifying the Occasion of such Meeting) nor unless

a greater Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to revoke and alter the fame, and concur in the Revocation or Alteration thereof, than were present and made such Order.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue Trustees may and be sued for any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the of*heirclerk, said rfecited Acts and this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer

for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said respective Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action:

Provided always, that every such Clerk or Treasurer in whole Name any clerk or Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance Treasurer to of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the first Money to Expenses. " arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order to be made causeways m*,eClure" or Footpaths on the Side of such Part of the said Road as lies between Thrwe/l aforesaid and the Town of Nottingham; and if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any such causeway or F’ootpath, or any causeway or Footpath already made on the Side of such Part of the said Road as is \Loc. £jf Per.] L last

42

Pi reding the Application oi Coni pei'it ion Money, whe.c exceeding too/.

Application of Compensation Money when less than 200l. and above to/.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

last mentioned; or shall drive any Horse or Cattle, or Care or Carriage, thereon; or shall wilfully cause any Damage whatsoever to be done thereto, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Land', or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mesa Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased,

taken,

43

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or othersvife the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making i'uch Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Att (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, of any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her* or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Eight, or Interest, in any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery i and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Anuuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Where less [ than zo/.

Where any

Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall he in Poflel-fion of the Lands, etc. at the Tmie of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to luclipo/Ttfilion.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Expen.fj of to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Pur- ^»ui 'hr chafe Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, company.'

and

44

For paying the Expeiires of tlye Act.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.

nd to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with thenecefiary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trullees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the firit Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said last recited Act and this Act (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before mentioned) shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 4,

An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester.

[9th March 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An /Id for repealing Two »G. 3. Acts made in the Eleventh and Twenty seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham, through Costock otherwise Cort-lingstock Lane, to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester; and for making more ejftdual Provision for the Repair of the J'aid Road, several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given to Trustees for amending and repairing the said Road, during the Term therein limited: And whereas the Trustees authorized to put the said Acts of the Eleventh and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and of the Twentieth Year of the present Reign, in Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted or made payable, which still remain due, and the fame cannot be discharged, nor can the said Road be kept in sufficient Repair, unless the said Act of the Twentieth Year of the pre-£Ltc. fc? Perl] M lent

46

former Act

continued.

Trustees

Names.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

sent Reign be continued for a further Terra; and it is expedient that the Tolls and some of the Powers granted by the said last mentioned Act, should be varied and altered: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempqrtit, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and all the Powers, Authorities, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such of them as are hereby varied, altered, or iepealed, or as are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act, and as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), and all and every the Tolls, Powers, Authorities, Remedies, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in this Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, for and during the further Term herein-after mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Powers, Authorities, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things (except as aforesaid , were expressly inserted and enacted in this Act; which said further Term, and the Tolls hereby granted or made payable, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing from the said Trustees under or by virtue of the said former Acts, or any of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Afpinshaw Clerk, James Amy, George Almond Junior, John Balguy, Jonas Bettifon, Joseph Boult-bee, William Boultbee, Richard Burden, Thomas Bolton, Samuel Bolton, John Burnside, Robert Bigjby, John Barber, Michael Buckley, John Bree-dan, William Breedon, Henry Breedon, Robert Clifton, Daniel Parker Coke, D’ Ewes Coke Junior, William Clifton Clerk, William Bailey Cocker Clerk, Thomas Crabtree, John Chamberlin, John Chamberlin Junior, James Cox, John Cox, Richard Cole, John Coates, Samuel Cullen, William Cutts, Thomas Donithorne Clerk, William Hoot on D ever el, Benjamin Dever el, Samuel Deverel Junior, Thomas Dodson, James Dams, William Elliott Elliott, John Elliott, Thomas Webb Edge, Thomas Evifon, James Ella, Francis Fife, John Falkner, Joseph Flewitt, Alexander Foxcroft, James Green, Robert Green, John Green, Flenry Gart on, Nathan Tempejl Haines, Mark Huish Junior, Stokeham Huthwaite, Cornelius Huthwaite, William Huth-ivaite Junior, James Hooley, Samuel Hooley, John Heath, Richard Hooton, Alexander Hadden, John Hadden, Humphry Hopkins, Samuel Hulfe, James Harwood, John Hilton, William Hardmett, the Reverend Joseph Jackson D. D., William Jamfon, Gibson Jalland, John Kirkby Clerk, Henry King, Jonas Kewney, John Longden, Robert Leefon, John Lowe, William Lowe, James Lees, John Mujlers Junior, William Richard Middlemore, Thomas Maltby, Thomas Moore, Jonathan Markland, Pendock Neale, Pendock Barry Neale, Pendock Neale Clerk, John Need, George Need, Matthew Needham, George Nefon, Edward Pearson Clerk, William Pidcock, Robert Padley, John Parker, Henry Piercy, Daniel Pawlett, William Pepper, Christopher Rolleston, Thomas Jeykell Rawson, William Ford Rawson, Martin Rowe, William Rowland, Richard Lumley Savile, George Sedley, John Storer M. D., John Storer Junior, Edward Spencer, John Sanders, George Sanders Clerk, Samuel Sanders, Robert Sykes, William Sanday, Alexander Strahan, James Severn, John Stone.

6 Richard

47

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Richard Siet'tnfon, William Stretton, William Surplice, Edward Sterland, Peter Thoroton Clerk, John Taylor, William Taylor, Charles Twells, Thomas Tollington, Samuel Tupman, Francis Vickers, Sir John Borlace Warren Baronet, Ichabod Wright, John Smith Wright, William Gregory Williams, Gregory Gregory Williams, John Walter Clerk, Edmund Wright, Richard Webjler, Thomas Walker, Richard Walker, John Wikberley, and Jonas Warwick, being duly qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act, and shall have the fame Powers and Authorities to act in the Execution of this Act, as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls granted and made payable in and by the said recited Act of the Twentieth Year of the present Reign, shall, from and after the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, cease, and be no longer payable; and that instead thereof the several Tolls herein-after mentioned, shall be demanded and taken at each of the Toll Gates erefled or to be erected upon the said Road, before any Cattle or Carriages (upon which any Toll is hereby imposed) shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Chaise, Curricle, Chair, Calalh, Hearse, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast of Burthen, laden or unladen, and dot drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number: For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Pair of Mill Stones, and for the Carriage on which the same shall be drawn or conveyed, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

Which said respective Tolls herein-before mentioned shall be, and are hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees for executing this Act for the Time being; and they, or any Five or more of them, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies, for varying, mortgaging, transferring, leafing, and compounding for the Toll* and Duties hereby granted or made payable, and the same shall and may be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in the same Manner and Form, as in and by the said recited Act of the Twentieth Year of the present Reign, are given and expressed, with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable.

IV. Provided, and be it enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall not appear, at any Meeting of the Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, a sufficient Number of Trustees to ad, or to adjourn to another Day, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen,

by

Former Toll* to ceate, ani otners granted in lieu thereof.

Tolls.

Power to adjourn Trustees Meeting w hen a fufti-cient Number of Trust tees Hull not attend.

48

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes which shall then be erected upon the said Road, at lead Ten Days before the next Meeting, and without any other Notice being given thereof, to appoint the Trustees to meet at the House or Place where the last Meeting was appointed to have been held, or at any other Place on or near the said Road, on that Day Three Weeks next, or on feme other Day within One Month after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Expends of V. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences, the Act. incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Trustees out of the Monies now remaining in their Hands, or which shall first come to their Hands by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them.

Application

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or hfttonTh-n a^"e^"ei^ to he Pa'd for "nY Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-amounting to chafed, taken, or used, by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to ao°/. any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons

under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the lame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or assessing other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled to the ame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; and where such Money shall not befo applied, then the same shall be laid out and invelled, under the like Direction-and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Contblidaied or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements,

49

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, orl used, or of his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing, under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or a (li sted to be paid as herein-before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so puTchafed, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufa and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be

[Lot. & Per.] N shewn

Application of Cora pen Cation if less than tool. and excoding 10/.

Application of Compen* fation if less than ao/.

Where any Question shall ame touching the Title to Money to be paid the Person who shall be in Poil'edion of the Lands,

<tc.

£0 44° GEORGII III. Cap.

shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and al'o the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Ti>e Court X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason (bnab'e of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, Expences of entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, bepa'idbyth* to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money Company, for the lame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchase* to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the Trustees for executing this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Publics Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without the fame being specially pleaded.

Commencement and Continuance of the A3.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by this Act shall commence upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty.one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

JL.ONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 5.

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullen s Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[9th March 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An *o. j. Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Mullen’s Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury near Willoughby Hedge, and from West Amefbury to Anftlow Hill, and from Amefbury to Fiddleton, and from The New Inn in Amefbury to the End of the Parish leading to Durrington, and from Wily to Cook’s House and Landford, and from Bacon Hill to The Nag’s Head j and from thence One Mile of the Road leading to Shrewton, in the County of V\ilts: And whereas an Act was also passed in the Fifth Year of the jG. j. Reign of His said present Majesty to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of the said Act; and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading out of the said Roads, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, whereby the said first recited Act, and the Powers and Provisions thereof (except so much of the Term thereof as was then unexpired) were declared to br repealed: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the Execution thereof respectively, and [Z.W. & Per.'] 0 have

54

j G. 3. continued.

r rudeej.

Rep~>ling the Times

a.id places for holding the M rtingj of me Xiuitces.

44-9 GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

have borrowed divers large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Toll* thereby granted, which still remain due and owing, and cannot be paid oft'; nor can the said Roads be properly and effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the said last mentioned Act is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions, herein contained, and which (hill commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, or of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable William P ley dell Bouverie, commonly called Viscount Polkftone, the Right Honourable James Edward Harris, commonly called Lord Fitzharris, the Reverend Lancelot Green Halton, the Reverend John Henry Jacob, Henry Penruddock Wyndham, William Hujfey, Edward Hinxman, William Bowles, Thomas Ogden, John Hodding the younger, Edward Stevens, William Bennett B/ackmore, ‘Thomas Brown, George Brown, George Maton, Thomas Lake, James Goddard, John Cafe, Joseph Purnell, John Bloxam, George Parsons, John Rolfe, William Heath, Henry Noyes, John Noyes, Richard Hutchence, Walter Goddard, George Moore, Henry Hatch, George Reade, Robert Pinckney, and Philip Pinckney of Wilsford, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for executing the said last recited Act and this Act; and they and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the same Act, are hereby empowered and authorized tO aft in the Execution thereof and of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated and appointed in and by the said Act.

III. And whereas the Times and Places for holding the Meetings of the Trustees for executing the said Acts have been found very inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act, asdirefts the said Trustees to meet at the Times and Places therein mentioned, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed; and that instead thereof, it is hereby enacted and declared, that the First Meeting of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, shall be holden at the House of John Bailey, known by the Name or Sign of The George Inn, in the Town of Amcfbury, on the Second Wednesday next after the passing of this Act; any Adjournment of Meetings already made by the said Trustees to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 5. 5.5

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Adjournment N° Aflutm-of any Meeting of the said Trustees shall be for a longer Space of Time "n^tobefo'ra than Three Calendar Months; and that all Meetings and Adjournments longer lime of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, shall Month!'/" at all Times be holden at such Place or Places within Two Miles of some

Part of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper: Provided also, that the said Trustees shall, at all their Meetings and Adjournments, pay and defray their own Colls, Charges, and Expences.

V. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the Meeting* on said Trustees, it shall upon any Emergency be thought necessary that an Emergenc es, earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, then and in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon

an Order in Writing, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such intended Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then Handing upon the said Roads, of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Five Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the fame had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, certain Ex-That during the Term hereby granted, no Toll shall be demanded or taken empnonstrom from any Inhabitantor Occupier of Lands within the several Parishes or Hamlets of /Import, Tbruxton, or East Cljolderton, for any Carriage or Carriages,

Horse or Horser, Cow or Cows, Pig or Pigs, Sheep or other Cattle, passing or repassing through the Turnpike Gates already erected or hereafter to be erected at a certain Place called Mullen's Pond, coming or going from either of the said Parishes to the other or others of them, or to or from either of the said Parishes to or from Andover.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken Hors«, etc. for or in respect of any Horses or other Cattle, belonging to any Owner going tu he or Occupier of Land situate within any Hamlet, Parish, or Place, through ri/J( ///,'</* which the said Roads pals, going to be shoed or farried; and if any Person exempt from or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of the said Exemptions, not being Iu!l' entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum

not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied, in such and the same Manner as Penalties are directed to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied, by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

VIII. And be it further enact-d, That if any Money shall be agreed or Direa awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or the Appiica-used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Money,where Infanr, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, '*"'ding

as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the S.um of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said

Acts

56

Application of Competition Money when lef. than tool, and above 20/.

Application where the Sum t u*ider 20/.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debt6, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the m*an Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Con-folidared or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said B.nk Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be f id for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall fro 1 Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than

Twenty

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 5. 57 -

Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit i or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank anfr touching of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General Tu'= of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, pan!'the for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or j00 Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Messuages, 0[ t\,e' Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pur- L?.ndn, eu. fuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such pe.

Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the chile, ami Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, ^titleTih«re-Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such to :.ccord»i.R Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under

the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of ChanceTy; and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession; and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, "^onatie entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Expences of to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Pur- ebsyt0 chafe Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, tile Company, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences, For pyflg incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid ot'tiuT aoT* by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of any Monies

already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the fvrlt Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Loc. id Per.']

P

58 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

PuWick Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act Qiall.be deemed, adr judged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Commence-

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued Continuance by l^e recited Acts, shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and deter-of the Att. mine; and that the said last-recited Act and this Act, (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additionsherein-before mentioned), shallfromthence-forth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

♦sr

Cap. 6.

An Act to enable John Boy dell Esquire, One of the Aldermen of the City of London, and Josiah Boy dell, his Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called The Shakspeare Gallery, by way of Chance.

[23d March 1804.]

WHEREAS John Boydell Esquire, One of the Aldermen of the City of London, in the early Part of his Life conceived a Plan for bringing the Arts of Painting and Engraving to Perfection in this Country, and being flattered by the great Success attending his Prosecution of it, did, in order to the maturing thereof, resolve, in Conjunction with his Nephew and Partner 'Josiah Boydell, to form a School of Painting and Engraving, not doubting, by its Superiority of Excellence, it would eventually become a National Concern and Honour: And whereas in furtherance of this laudable Design, the said John and Josiah Boydell have, at a very considerable Expence, promoted and encouraged the Arts of Painting and Engraving, and for l'everal Years pad given great Encouragement to the Artists therein, and thereby materially contributed to the securing to this Country a Pre-eminence in those Arts overall other Nations: And whereas the said John and Josiah Boydell in the Course of [Eer. M Per.~\ this

62

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

this Pursuit, besides various other large Works, have published in a mofl splendid Manner the Plays of Shakspeare, ornamented with Engravings from Pictures by English Artists; and, as a Repository for such Pictures, and the exhibiting the fame with their other Works, they have erected a Building in Pull Mall, in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, called The Shakspeare Gallery, at a considerable Expence; and in completing that Establishment, in Addition to their former and other Works, have so extended their Concerns, andincreased the Size, Value, and Expence of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, that they are become of too great Magnitude for them to retain: And whereas it may not at this Time be deemed expedient to purchase the same as a National Concern for the Use and Benefit of the Publick, and the said Collection cannot easily be disposed of by the common Mode of Sale, but at very great Lois; and that, unless some Encouragement, under the Sanction of Parliament, be given to the aforesaid John and Josiah Boydell, to enable them to dispose of their said Collection to the belt Advantage, their Endeavours to l'erve the Publick will prove highly detrimental and injurious to themselves: In order therefore that the said John and Joftab Boydell may be enabled to dispose of their said Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, and also of the said Building called The Shakspeare Gallery, to the belt Advantage; may it please Your Majesty (at the humble Petition of the said John and Josiah Boydell), that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-Power to fell liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be the Cohesion lawful for the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors, Admini-way'cf strators, and Afngns, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to Chance. sell and dispose of the said Collection, and the several Pieces composing the fame, together with all and Angular their Estate and Interest in the said Building and Premises called The Shakspeare Gallery, by way of Chance, without being liable or subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament, against any Sale or Sales by way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets, Numbers, or Figures; and that such Sale or Sales so to be made by the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the said Collection, Estate, and Premises, and of the several Pieces composing the fame Collection, subject only to the Terms, Provisoes, and Restrictions herein-after mentioned, shall be good and valid; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Limiting the 1L Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to be raised°and the ra* by the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors, Administrators, Numberlnd ' or Assigns, by way of Lottery, shall not exceed the Sum of Sixty-nine Price of the thousand three hundred Pounds, upon the Sale of the Whole of their Tit ets. said Collection, Estate, and Premises, mentioned and referred to in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and that the Number of Tickets shall not exceed in the Whole Twenty-two thousand, to be numbered from One to Twenty two thousand, both inclusive; and no Ticket in the said Lottery shall be sold at a less Value than Three Pounds Three Shillings.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said John, and Josiah Boydell. their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, within Forty-two Days after the passing of this Act, and before he or they shall fell, dispose, or deliver any Ticket, Number, or Figure, under or in pursuance of this Act, give Notice in The Lond.cn Gazet:e of their Intention to sell and dispose of the fai I Collection, Estate, and Prentifes, and of the several Pieces composing the fame, and comprized therein, under and in pursuance of the Terms, Provisoes, and Restrictions herein contained, and shall also publish in Two or more of the London Daily Newspapers, a List of the specific Matters to be allotted as Prizes to the Holders of each of the fortunate Tickets, to be ascertained in Manner herein-after mentioned; and shall, within the Period aforesaid, deposit and leave with each of the Persons appointed Trustees by virtue of this Act, a Copy of the Alphabetical Catalogue published by them the said John and Josiah Boydell, of the Whole of their Works; which Catalogues shall be respectively signed by the said John and Josiah Boydell; and Three other Copies thereof, signed as aforesaid, shall be left at the said Ibakfpeare Gallery, for the Inspection of the Publick.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That immediately upon such Notice being given in The London Gazette as aforesaid, under and in pursuance of this Act, the absolute Right and Property of the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in and over the said Collection, Estate, and Premises, and every of them, shall become pledged with and veiled in William Morland ol Pall Mall, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, Esquire, John Soane of Lincoln s-Inn Fields in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and David Davies of King-Street in the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the said County, Esquire, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and such other Person or Persons as shall or may be appointed under and in pursuance of this Act, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, their and his Executors and Administrators, in Trull nevertheless to and for the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, till the Determination of the Chances by the Drawing of the said Lottery; and from and immediately after the Drawing of the last of the said fortunate Numbers, in Trull for the respective Holders of the said fortunate Tickets, as to the Prizes allotted to each of the said Numbers respectively, and as to the Prints to be delivered, as herein-after mentioned, to the Holders of the unfortunate Tickets in Trull, for such unfortunate Ticket-Holders respectively; and the fame Collection, Estate, and Premises, and every of them, shall be freed and absolutely acquitted and discharged by the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors and Administrators, of, from, and against all Rent and Arrears of Rent* Alignments, Sales, Judgements, Executions, Titles, Charges, Debts, and Incumbrances whatsoever (except as to the future Ground Rent reserved and payable by the Lease of the Premises called The Shakspeare Gallery, and the future Taxes thereof) and shall become the Property of, and be delivered and assigned to the Bearers of each of the said Tickets respectively, (Accidents by Fire only excepted,) by virtue of Orders for that Purpose, to be signed by any Two or more of the Trustees for the Time being, which Orders they are hereby authorized and required to give at any Time after the drawing and determining the Prizes, upon Demand made to them for that Purpose.

63

Notice to be given in the Gazette, of the Intention to fell i and a Lilt of the frizes to be published in the London Newspapers.

Trustees appointed, in whom the Collect ion, etc. is vested.

6>4

For appointing new 'J'rultecs.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any One or more of them the said William Morland, John Soane, and David Davies, or other the Trustees to be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall happen to die before the Drawing of the said Lottery, that thereupon the Survivors or Survivor of them shall, and they and he are and is hereby lequired, from Time to Time, to elect, nominate, or appoint One other Person in the Stead of the Person so dying, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution; and the Person or Persons io elected, nominated, or appointed as aforesaid, shall have the like Powers, Rights, and Authorities, as are vested in the Persons so named by this Act.

Persons who

VI. And whereas the said John and Josiah Boydell have laid out and poi?effM°"fe expended the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds and upwards in ony of the their Stock of Copper Plates; be it therefore further enacted, That i-t

Draw'"* or not he lawful for any Person or Persons who may become possessed

not to"n- of any of the Paintings or Drawings in the said Collection whereof the

fi[aV|' 01 ,copy said y°^n and Josiah Boydell shall have any Copper Plate at the Time of Sale/"c 01 such Lottery, to engrave, etch, work, or copy the fame for Sale, or cause or suffer or permit the same to be engraved, etched, worked, or copied, or to cause or suffer or permit any Drawing to be made of any such Painting for the Purpose of making or having made, or permitting to be made, any Engraving or Etching therefrom, within such respective Periods of Time as they the said John and Josiah Boydell, are by Law now entitled to the Copy Right of, in, and to the fame Works respectively, unless with the Consent in Writing of the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for that Purpose, first had and obtained in the Manner prescribed and dire3ed by the several Acts now in Force concerning the same; and that all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in the several Acts made and now in force for securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, shall be and remain in full force as to any Persons offending against such Acts, as fully and effectually as if this Act had not been made; and that the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in any Action, Suit, or Proceeding whatsoever, that may be commenced, inltituted, or had for the enforcing any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them, against any Person who shall have offended therein, shall be deemed and taken to be the Proprietors of such Painting or Paintings, Drawing or Drawings, Copper Plate or Copper Plates, as aforesaid, for the Purpose of recovering any such Penalties or Forfeitures, or of enforcing any of the Provisions of the said several Acts-, or any of them.

That the

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Collection,

</°"niall°he Estate, and Premises, shall be divided and allotted according to the

divided into Schedule to this Act annexed; and that the Sixty-two Prizes therein

si.oooo Prizes, mentioned, shall be determined by the Drawing of any State Lottery that mined by "the shall coiififi of Twenty-two thousand Tickets or upwards that shall be Drawing of drawn within this Kingdom, between the First Day of August One thou-Lot.ery that ^snd e'8ht hundred and four and the First Day of June One thousand shall comfift eight hundred and five, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament Ticket/0 that may hereafter be passed for that Purpose, if any such shall be affect;

and if more than One such Lottery shall be appointed by any such Act or Acts to be drawn within such Period, then by such of the said Lotteries

as

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 65

as shall be chosen by the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors or Administrators, and notified in The London Gazette Forty-two Days before the Drawing of such Lottery; and that the First Sixty-two Tickets that shall he drawn in such State Lottery, be they either Blank or Prize, the Numbers whereof shall respectively correspond with any Numbers of the Tickets of the Lottery authorized by this Act, shall respectively be, and they are hereby declared to be, the Prizes, in the Order in which the said Collection, Estate, and Premises, are divided and allotted in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and the several Holders of the remaining Twenty-one thousand nine hundred and thirty-eight Tickets shall be entitled to and receive a Print or Prints aggregately of the estimated Value of One Guinea for each and every unfortunate Ticket, according to and in the Manner prescribed in and by the said Schedule.

VIII. And whereas at a Common Council holden in the Chamber of Empowering the Guildhall of the City of London, on Tuesday the Twenty-first Day of f*have February One thousand eight hundred and four, it was unanimously re- Prizes drawn solved by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council Lottery.1'^ assembled, that the said John and Josiah Boydell should have granted to them the Use of the Guildhall of the said City, free from Expence, for the Drawing of their Lottery, in case of the passing of this Act, and Leave should be hereby given them for a separate Lottery , be it therefore further enacted, That if, instead of the said Prizes being determined by the Drawing of such State Lottery as aforesaid, the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors or Administrators, shall be minded and desirous to have a separate Lottery for the Determination thereof, and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall approve thereof, and give their Consent thereto in Writing, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors or Administrators, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, at any Time before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, to put the whole Twenty-two thousand Numbers under the Inspection of the said William Morland, John Soane, and David Davies, and of the Person or Persons hereafter to be appointed in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, as a Trustee or Trustees, or any Two of them, into a Wheel, in like Manner as is used in State Lotteries, and to cause Sixty-two Numbers to be drawn thereout for the Prizes, at such Place, on such Days, and at such Times, and under and subject to such Regulations, as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall approve and direct, the fame being as much as possible conformable to the Mode of drawing publick Lotteries in Great Britain; and the Twenty-one thousand nine hundred and thirty-eight undrawn Tickecs being entitled to such Benefit as is provided for the unfortunate Tickets as aforesaid: And it shall be lawful for the said John and Josiah Boydell, their Executors or Administrators, and the said Trustees, or any Two of them, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to appoint a sufficient Number of proper Persons to be Commissioners and Clerks for the superintending the Drawing of such Lottery: Provided always, that in case the said Prizes be to be determined by a separate Lottery, Notice thereof shall be given in The London Gazette Forty-two Days at the least previous to the Drawing thereof.

ILoc. Ssf Per.]

R

66

Messrs. Boydell to receive the Money arising from the Exit bition till the Prizes are determined.

Publick Ail.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said John and Joftah Boydell, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, may and they are hereby authorized to receive and collect, for his and their own Use, the Money arising by or from the Exhibition of the said Collection until the Prizes shall be determined, and such Demand and Acceptance thereof made as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

SCHEDULE

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 67

SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

The COLLECTION, ESTATE, and PREMISES, comprized in this Act, are allotted and divided into Sixty-two Prizes; together with PRINTS of the estimated Value of One Guinea for each of the Twenty-one thousand nine hundred and thirty-eight unfortunate Tickets;—as follows:

PRIZES.

PICTURES FRAMED.

For the First Drawn } The Death of Major Pierson; by Copley, R. A. from which Ticket - - - 5 the Plate was engraved.

F°Drawn Tkket^ - } A LandfcaPei hY De Zoning.

F°Tck ®rawn The Prophet Elijah; by Northcote, R. A.

FOTickrtOUItllDraWn J>The Gfaces crown!ng the Bull of Nature; after Rubens.

f Boys prelfing Grapes

For the Fifth Drawn Ticket -

For the Sixth Drawn Ticket -

2 Pictures'!

The Elements - 4 D° -

Two small Landscapes - - 2 D" -

A Landscape; by Smith - I D° -

Two D®; . . by Vernet a D® -.

The Seasons; by Hamilton,

R. A 4 Pictures

Hebe and Diana; . by D" - 2 D° -

Penelope, and Companion;

By D° 2 D° -

For

Drawn Ticket^ }sigifa°nda; by Hogarth.

For

Drawn Ticket -}A LandfcaPe> b? PoufIin-

["Providence, Innocence, Wisdom, and For the Ninth Drawn Happiness; by Rigaud, R. A. 4 Pictures

Ticket

For the Tenth Drawn Ticket

For the Eleventh Drawn Ticket

j Conjugal Affection and Com-l panion; by Smirke, R. A.

In all 6 Pictures.

11 Three Holy Children; by Peters, R. A. ^Tom Jones; by Downman, R. A. 2 Pictures.

For

68

For the Twelfth Drawn Ticket

For the Thirteenth Drawn Ticket

44° GEORGII m. Cap. 6.

fProvidence, and Companions;

| by Rigaud (fmalD - - 4

X Truth; by D° .... 1

| isaiah’s-Vision and Companion 2 (Three Holy Children (small) 1

f Vicar of Wakefield; by Stod-I hart, R. A.

I Charlotte and Werter, and Companion; by Miller -‘ Appelles - 'j by D° -

I Two Landscapes -

1

Pictures

D° h In all 8 Pictures.

D» J

1

- 2 Pictures

Game

For the Fourteenth Drawn Ticket

r.i

("David Simple; by Singleton, 5 Good Children; by - D" -; Invention, Composition, Co-I louring, and Design; by - j Angelica, R. A. - - 4

IHuntfman going out - - 1

Henry VIII. and Lady Go-(_ diva; by Hamilton, R. A. 2

Hn all 10 Pictures.

Pidures") D° - I

.1

J

In all 11 Pictures.

For the Drawn

Fifteenth

Ticket

For the Sixteenth Drawn Ticket

he.; by Ibbetson - - 4 Pictures

Cowherd; after Potter - - 1 D® -

Jason and Medea; by Pine 1 D° -

Tribute Money; after Le

Pretre Genoife - - - - 1 D° -

I Waterfalls ----- 2 D° -

Portrait of Linneas - - - 1 D° -

L Dutch School; after Jan Stein 1 D’ -

f A Picture; by Francisco Mola

Ruins; by Gifolphi - r -

Death of Leander; by Chevr. D’Apino -

t Head; by Giorgioni -

"Venus—Titian 1 ..

► In all 11 Pictures.

For the Seventeenth j Sketch; by Sir James Thornhill

Drawn Ticket

Agar and Ilhmael—P. Cortona l.Lot and his Daughter—Teniers

In all Pictures.

'Wat Tyler; after Northcote David Rizzio; after Opie -

James I. - D‘ -

For the Eighteenth Death of Germanicus -

Drawn Ticket Tribute Money; after Dietrici -

Woman accused; DJ -

Infant Hercules; after Sir Joshua Reynolds ^Hiram, King of Tyre -

For the Nineteenth ? Woman taken in Adultery , by Otto Venius Drawn Ticket 3 Venus attended by the Graces; Albano.

For the Twentieth?

Drawn Ticket j A Dead Christ 5 b? Caracci'

In all 8 Pictures.

For

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 69

For the Twenty-first ? T , .

Drawn Ticket I A Landscape; by Nicholas Poussin.

For the Twenty- 1

second Drawn > Moses receiving the Commandments; after West.

Ticket - - j

uwi^Ticke^ JGanimcdc. by Rubens; late in the Orleans Collection. rawn ic e J

The following THIRTY PICTURES, allotted into Three Prizes, were painted from Part of the large Shakspeare Pictures, for the Artists to engrave from; viz.

For the Twenty-fourth Drawn Ticket -

pRichard III. Royal Children - D° - - Smothering D° -

D° - - Burying D° -

Cardinal Beaufort........

Love?s Labour Loft - - - Twelfth Night - Malvolio -

D’ - - - Olivia -

First Part Henry VI. Temple Garden Third Part Henry VI. Battle Scene LHamlet -

For the Twen ty-fifth Drawn Ticket

f Winter’s Tale

I Much Ado about Nothing

I King Lear - Cordelia -

Du - Camp Scene -

Henry VIII -

D° -

Richard III -

1-Henry V.

T As you Like It - - Jacques - Ds ...... Rosalind

-1

In all io Pictures.

'. . 1

J

I

Mn all ioPidures.

J

I

For the Twenty-sixth Drawn Ticket -

I

Merchant of Venice -

Taming the Shrew -

Romeo and Juliet -

Winter’s Tale - - Antigonus Troilus and Creflida -

Birth of Shakspeare -

As You Like It - - Oilando Tetnpeft -

In all toPi&ures.

J

For the Twenty-seventh Drawn Ticket -

[Zoc. Ss* Per.']

DRAWINGS FRAMED.

\ Five Drawings of the Humours of Falftaff; by Smirke, R. A-J and Farington, R. A.

.70 4+* GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

For the Twenty.

eighth Drawn I Paradise; after Breugel.

Ticket - - - J

For the Twenty-ninth Drawn Ticket -

Drawn Ticket'^ }^e Oxfor<^ Window, in Chalks; afrer Sir Joshua Reynolds.

j-Three Drawings; by Westall, R. A.

(Flower and Fruit Pieces, i. -

J Abraham, Sarah, and Hagar -

For the Thirty-first j Concert of Birds - . - - - Drawn Ticket A. Fruit, Green, Game, and FishMarkets, 4.

1 Doctors of the Church - - Guido -[Waggoner - - Rubens -

)-shall ioDrawings

I j.

-J

For the Thirty-second Drawn Ticket -

f Bathfheba—Vanderwerff Stoning Sr. Stephen Teniers Kitchen -

Continence of Scipio The Larder - - Mary Magdalen—Rubens Prodigal Son—Sal. Hofa Sportfmen and Fishermen,

L Adoration and Assumption,

all x 1 Drawings

For the Thirty third Drawn Ticket

f Cyclops Bacchanalians and Bacchus Sleeping, Abraham offering—Rembrandt Christ: appearing ..... Democritus and Protageras -

J Lady Reading -

' Rembrandt’s Wife -

Holy Family—Willebert -

Apollo -

Ruben’s Wife -

Virgin and Child -

I An Old Man’s Head -

2.

y In all ^Drawings.

J

The 3 foregoing Prizes are taken from the Houghton Collection.

For the Thirty-fourth Drawn Ticket -

f Molten Calf, and Moses found, 2.—1

Claude -

Dutch Pastimes -

D' -

Jacob and Laban ----- j

Going to Market—Rubens - - - - hnal! iaDrawings.

j Apollo and Sibyl—Sal. Rosa - -1

I Sea Port - - - - D° -

| Shepherds Amusement -

j Hobima’s Village -

Views of Wanitead, &c. - 2.—J

'H>‘t

For

For the Thirty-fifth Drawn Ticket

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6

fMufical Shepherdess -

Dancing Shepherds -

Duke D’Aremberg -

Charles I. -

Cascade -

Solitude -

Calm, and Storm, 2. -

Venus carrying off Adonis Diana deceived by Venus St. George and the Dragon—Claude lSt. Ursula’s Embarkation - - D° -

For the Thirty-sixth Drawn Ticket

f Annunciation

AscenfioU ...... [

\ Views of London and Windsor, 3. - - j

Queen of Scots resigning her Crown at Lochleven Castle, 2.

71

Hnall 12 Drawings.

{ Distress of Tigranes—Well I Leonidas - - - D* -{ Continence of Scipio -

Country Wake - - - -| Constantine’s Arch -

ICephalas and Procris -

' )Tnall 13 Drawings.

-1

For the Thirty-seventh Drawn Ticket -

fHiftory of Joseph, 5.—Guercino Abraham and the Angels—Morillo Portrait of Dogs - ...... j

J ?.?ar Hun' ,.........£ shall 12 Drawings

I Silenus—Rubens . .........'j

| Nymphs and Satyrs—Rubens - - -1

j Mordecai -----1

Rubens and Nurse ...... j

For the Thirty-eighth Drawn Ticket -

Diana and Afteon - C.alifto and Galatea, 2. Philip baptizing—Both Rural Village -

Pilades and Oreftes—Well Pyrrhus - - - D* Disciples at Emaus -

Saint Thomas - - Healing the Blind -

Peter, James, and John (-Triumph of Britannia -

hlnall i2Drawings

f Achilles discovered, and Companion, 2.—1 Angelica J

! Alfred the Great, and Companion, 2.—

I wni -

Fot^ the Thirty-ninth J Venus and Dante, 2.—Titian

Drawn Ticket -< Rubens and Wife, 2.

I Admiral Kempenfelt -

Raphael’s Millrefs - - I Perseus and Andromeda [phryne tempting Xenocrates

In all x 2 Drawing*

For

or the Fortieth Drawn Ticket

44 GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

("Portrait, after Rembrandt ' Portrait of De Wit - - I Cupid’s Pastime, 2.—Angelica \ Lord Camden, fitting - - -\ Prince of Orange ..

\ Captive—Wright of Derby 1 Antiochus and Stratonice -

1 Jew Rabbi -

| Admiral Kempenfelt -

\ Isaac blefliag Jacob -

LTobias’s Nuptial Night

Tnalli2Drawing

: :l

For the Forty-fir (I Drawn Ticket

("Lord Camden (landing - -\ Ruben’s Three Wives - - -\ Presentation in the Temple I Agreement between Jacob and Laban

1 Hagar -

; Rennius Hanfloe and Wife—Rembrandt J Comedy and Tragedy,

’ 1 Healing the Sick -

I Lucretia -

I Meditation -

\ Venus—Caracci -

\ View in Holland

bD° in Jamaica -

ln all 14Drawings.

1 Venus and Cupid, oval - Faith, Hope, and Charity S' Cecilia -

\ Painting and Design -

Shepherd’s Boy—Gainsborough

For the Forty-second Boys School -

Drawn Ticket -<( Tobit and the Fish -

I Moses found; after Sal. Rosa 1 Flight and Herdsmen, 2. -

1 Circe -

| Bacchanalian Boys -

1 Affection -

b Diana and her Nymphs -

- >ln all ^Drawings.

f Benevolent Physician -

1 Rapacious Quack -

1 Johnny Pearman -

| Virgin and Child -

J Placing Christ in the Sepulchre -

For the Forty-third J Small Oval Heads, 3 -

Drawn Ticket -> ®0y and Bird’s Nest f shall ^Drawings

1 From a Gem -

- D\- -

1 After Cipriani; by Riley ..

| In WateT Colours; by Samuel -

i Landscape, in Body Colours - - . j

:<X.

73

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

For the Forty-fourth

Drawu Ticket

‘View of Lanech, Denbighshire - Dc - near Conway -

D* - Downing, Flintshire - - Dyffiyn Ailed, Denbighshire - - Lleweni Hall - - D’ -

y . . . Dc----- D" -

Gloddaifh, Carnarvon shire ... Wrexham Church, Denbighshire Marlhouse -

Cors-y-gedol House, Mcrionethshire Landscapes in Body Colours, 6. -

-1

ylnall 16 Drawings.

-J

DRAWINGS NOT FRAMED.

For the Forty-fifth Drawn Ticket

37 Drawings, by Linck, very highly finished in Water Co* lours; after the fined Pictures in the Imperial Gallery at Vienna.

PRINTS, AND BOOKS WITH PRINTS.

For the Forty-sixth / Boydell’s Shakspeare; Nine Volumes, with Plates; and One V. Imperial Folio Volume of the large Plates.

( Milton’s Poetical Works; with Plates, Three Folio Volumes, V corresponding with the Shakspeare.

For the Forty-eighth/The River Thames; in Two Volumes, with Plates, also corre-Drawn Ticket X sponding with the Shakspeare.

Drawn Tcket1'^ A ^ec Boyde*s Works; Nine Volumes, Imperial Folio.

For the Fiftieth /The original Works of Hogarth; in One Volume, Imperial Drawn Ticket - I Folio.

Drawn Tkkef^ -{ A Set of Liber VerItatis; b? Claude*

Drawn Ticket

For the Forty-seventh Drawn Ticket

For the Fifty-second Drawn Ticket -

rA Set of Sanby’s Views. J A D° of Watts’s \_A D° of Middiman’s.

Drawn ticket| A ^et Captain ®a^i‘e’s Works, Imperial Folio.

Dra^n^TidtetUrtbl Guercino’s Works, by Bartolozzi.

For the Fifty-fifth / A set of the Houghton Collection, in Two Volumes, Im* Drawn Ticket -1_ perial Folio.

F°Drawn Ticket^-! B°ydell’s Engravings; and Oxford Window. The Eleven lad- mentioned Prizes are all bound in Russia*

Or. Per.]

For

74 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

For the Fifty-seventh f A complete Set of the large Shakspeare Proof Prints, framed Drawn Ticket I and glazed.

For the Fifty-eighth Drawn Ticket -

f A complete Set of BoydelFs Publications; contained in o 48 Volumes, bound in Classes according to their Schools, L and containing 4,432 Prints.

For the Fifty-ninth Drawn Ticket

A like

Set.

For the Sixtieth P A ru o . Drawn Ticket like Set.

The MILTON DRAWINGS, framed:

For the Sixty-first Drawn Ticket

r t8 large Drawings, by Richard Wedall, R. A. in Colours, for < the Poetical Works of Milton, and from which the Plates L were engraved.

THE SHAKSPEARE GALLERY:

And,

For the Sixty-second Drawn Ticket

f The Whole of the large Pictures from Shakspeare, now exhibiting, and from which the large Plates have been taken, j Also, the Whole of the Small Pictures, from which the Plates have been engraved, for the Embellishment of the Nine Folio Volumes of Plays.

Also, Seven Pictures of the Ages, by Smirke, R. A.: Together with all the Estate, Right, and Intered, of MelTrs. John and j Josiah Boydell, in these Premises, which were erected by them,

| and in which they hold an unexpired Term of 64 Years, at a

(_ Ground Rent of £ 125 per Annum.

The Pictures are all framed, and are fully described in the Shakspeare Gallery Catalogue, and amount in the Whole, to 167; besides which, there are Three Supernumerary Pictures, not in the Catalogue, and which have not been engraved.

This Prize will also include the Alto Relievo in Front of the Gallery, by Banks, R. A. and Two BalTo Relievos by the Honourable Anne Damer.

What is given in this lad Prize, for the 62d Drawn Ticket, has cost the Proprietors upwards of ,£30,000.

UNFORTUNATE TICKETS.

For each and every 1 A Print or Prints aggregately of the edimated Value of One of the 21,938 Guinea, taken and selected by the said William Morland,

Undrawn Tickets. J John Soane, and David Davids, or by the surviving and new

Trustees, or any Two of them, from the Collection of the said John and Josiah Boydell; confiding of 4,432 Plates, according to the Prices, and as the same are arranged in their alphabetical Catalogue. Such Prints, or Lots of Prints, when selected, to be set apart, marked, and numbered by them the said Trustees, or any Two of them, from Number 1, to 21,938, both inclusive, and held by the said Trustees, to be delivered to the Holders of the said Unfortunate Tickets, according as the Numbers of their Tickets shall progressively dand and be

numbered.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 75

numbered, after taking out from the Whole 22,000 Numbers, the 62 Numbers that shall and may be drawn for the Capital Prizes: And for the Purpose of ascertaining such new Numbers, and the Delivery to be made of the said Selection of Prints to the Holders of each Unfortunate Number, a numerical Lift shall be made out immediately after the Drawing of the said Prizes, by or under the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, of the Whole of the Unfortunate Numbers, as they will numerically stand, after taking out, from the Whole 22,000 Numbers, the 62 Numbers drawn as Capital Prizes; so that such new Lift may correspond, in numerical Order, with the Numbers affixed to the Prints, or Lots of Prints, fcle&ed for the Unfortunate Tickets as aforesaid.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

1o ooifitiJ' I . il 3 Jim >,i-i 'tilj

h^c - " . t!. t V ,r: i.‘‘I "-> f.J/L: 1-u -£H«' 4* ntuir />: lO oa

=rt!^ rr.

1 f

' ' ' ’

' j' 1.

/XT

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

V

f '

*i*X*X*X*%*

Cap. 7.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London; and another Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first: mentioned Act.

[23d March 1804.}

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Rtcital of Act Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering Lo

more commodious, and for Better regulating the Port of London, cal Act) whereby certain Persons therein named, and others therein defenbed, c> 69-were declared to he united into a Company, which should be known by the Style of The West India Dock Company, and tvere empowered to fub-scribe the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, as and for a Capital Stock, and to appoint irom Time to Time, as therein is mentioned,

Twenty-one Persons, who should be and be called The Directors for conducting and managing the Affairs anr. Business of the said Company; which Directors and their Sueceikrs, so from Time to Time to bt appointed, were empowered to make navigable Docks, Basons, and Cuts, with Quays and Warehouses adjoining or attached to the fame, to be situated in the Tract of Land called The Isle of Dogs, in the Parish of Stcbonheath otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, for the Reception and Accom-[Lw. ft? Per.] U modation

78

Recital of the Act ♦a G. j. (Publick Lo cal Acts) C. 113.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 7;

modation of Ships and Vessels which should come from the West India into the River Thames with Cargoes of West India Produce; and certain Rates and Duties therein mentioned were thereby appointed to be paid to the said Company for the Ships and Vessels which should use the said Docks, and for Goods imported from the West Indies, which should be discharged from on board of such Ships or Vessels; and the said Company were thereby empowered to augment their said Capital Stock to any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds; and in case the said Five hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Subscription for the Use of the said Company, should not be all so raised, or should be found insufficient, then the said Company was thereby empowered to borrow on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties such Sum or Sums of Money as, together with the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds so subscribed, or such Part thereof as should be actually raised as aforesaid, might amount to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, for completing the said Works: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to alter and amend the first herein-before recited Act, so far as the fame related to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company, and for extending to other Objects the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act, certain additional Rates and Duties therein mentioned were thereby appointed to be paid to the said Company for all such Goods imported from the West Indies as should be discharged from on board of any Ship or Vessel within any of the said Docks; and a certain other Rate or Duty in the same Act mentioned was also thereby appointed to be paid to the said Company for particular Ships or Vessels therein described, which should enter into and use any of the said Docks to be set apart for empty or light Vessels; and, after taking Notice that the said Company had not then by any further Subscription augmented their said Capital Stock of Five hundred thousand Pounds, neither had they then borrowed any further Sum at Interest in Exercise of the Powers given to them by the therein and herein-before recited Act for these Purposes, the said West India Dock Company were by the now reciting Act empowered to augment the said Capital Stock of Five hundred thousand Pounds to any such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole Eight hundred thousand Pounds of Capital Stock, as by any General Meeting of the said Company should be deemed necessary and expedient; and in case the said Company should think it more adviseable to borrow Monies at Interest, for the Purpose of supplying the Insufficiency of their Capital Stock, than to augment the fame by a further Subscription, or should deem it expedient to raise Part of such further Sum by a further Subscription, and to borrow the Remainder thereof at Interest, then and in either of the said Cases the said Company were thereby empowered to borrow, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties by the therein and herein-before recited Act and the now reciting Act granted to the said Company, any Sum or Sums of Money, so as the lame, together with the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and any further Sum which might then-after be subscribed by way of additional Capital Stock, under the Authority of the said Acts, or either of them, or any Monies which might then-after be borrowed under the Authority of the said recited Act, should not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds for completing the said W orks: And whereas,

soon

79

44° GEORG It III. Cap. 7.

soon after the passing of the laftherein-before recited Act, the said Company by further Subscriptions augmented their said Capital Stock of Five hundred thouLnd Pounds to the Capital Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, pursuant to the Powers by the same Act given to them in that Behalf: And whereas very great Progress has been made in forming and constructing the said Docks, Batons, Cuts, Quays, Warehouses, and other Works, in purtuance and Execution of the Powers and Directions given by the said recited Acts in that Behalf, insomuch that such One of the said Docks as was made and intended for the Reception and Discharge of loaded Ships was opened for these Pufposes in the Month of September One thousand eight hundred and two, and has from that Time been used by the West India Shipping which have arrived in the River Thames: And whereas, in consequence of the increased Extent and Magnitude of the said Docks and other Works beyond the original Plan upon which the Estimates were founded, and of the great Advance in the Prices of Materials and Labour, and also of the present State of the Wesi India Trade, and all the Probability of its further Increase at the Port of London, the said increased Capital Stock of Eight hundred thousand Pounds will be inefficient for the Completion of the said Works, in such Manner as may afford due Accommodation to the Publick: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful fot the said IVtJl India Dock Company, at any One or more of their General Meetings, to be specially called for that Purpose, by such Ways and Means as at such General Meeting or Meetings so called shall be thought expedient, to augment the said present Capital Stock of Eight hundred thousand Pounds to any such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole One million two hundred thousand Pounds of Capital Stock, as by or at such General Meeting, or by the Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present thereat, shall be deemed necessary and expedient; and that all such additional Capital Stock shall be considered in the same Manner, and be under and subject to the fame Provisions, Regul at ions, Directions, and Management in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been Part of the aforesaid or;* ginal Capital Stock of Five hundred thousand Pounds.

The West India Dock Company empowered to increase their Capital, by Subscription, to any further Sum not exceeding in the Whole 1,200,000l.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company should orifthesaid think it more adviieable to borrow Monies at Interestfor the Purpose of Sou'hUMnkit supplying the Insufficiency of their Capital Stock, than to augment their adviseable to Capital Stock by a further Subscription, or should deem it expedient to im-el raiie Part of such further Sum as shall be found requisite for answering rest to supp!y the Purposes of the said recited Acts, by a further Subscription in Augmentation of their Capital Stock under the Powers herein-before given, their Capital, and to borrow the Remainder thereof at Interest, then and in either of the they are em* said Cases it shall be lawful ior the said West India Dock Company to borrow borrow such and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties by the said further sum» r< cited Acts respectively granted to the said Company, any Sum or Sums "’tiTtftdr^ of Money, foas the fame, together with the said Sum of Eight hundred p«fcmCapi-thousand Pounds already subscribed, and any further Sum which may ther"ubfeiM hereafter be subscribed by way of additional Capital Stock under the Au- may thority of this Act, shall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One mil- whoie7onah*

lion Sum not m-

So

ceeding 1,200,000 / And the Directors may assign the Dock Rates as a Security, in the same Manner as by the fit ft recited Act is directed concerning the Securities for the Monies thereby authorized 10 be borrowed by the Company.

No such Seem ities to have Preference on Account of prior Date.

No Monies are to be

subscribed by or lent to the Company in less Sums than 0..e hundred Pounds each.

Nor is any Secmity tu be made in future by the Directors for any such less Sum lo lent, and if attempted to l»e made the same to be void.

No Transfer to be made of any imalier Sw.n'of the Company’s Ouital Srock than One hun «ircd Pounds thereof, and if attempted

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

lion two hundred thousand Pounds for completing and perfecting the said Docks and other Works; and in order thereto the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, are hereby fully authorized and empowered, at the Costs and Charges of the said Company, to assign over the Rates and Duties arising and made payable to the said Company by virtue of the said recited Acts, or a competent Part thereof, as a Security for Repayment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons as shall advance the fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, Nominee or Nominees; and all such Assignments shall be made and entered and be transferrable in the same Manner and Form, tnutatis mutandis, and the fame, and the Monies so to be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, shall be under and fobjed to such and the lame Provisions, Regulations, Directions, and Management, in all Respects, as are in and by the first herein-before recited Act prescribed and directed concerning the Assignments and Securities to be made and given for the Monies which were thereby authorized to be borrowed by the said Company, and concerning such last mentioned Monies and the Interest thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That none of such Assignments and Securities as aforesaid, already made or hereafter to be made by the said Directors, pui suant to the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any or either of them, shall, on Account of prior Date and Execution, be entitled to any Priority of Payment or other Preference before any other or others of such Securities of later Date.

IV. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That in case and when the said Wesi India Dock Company shall hereafter subscribe or borrow any Sum or Sums of Money 10 augment or supply the Insufficiency of their Capital Stock, in Exercise of any of the Powers by this Act given to them for these Purposes as before mentioned, such further Monies, or any of them, shall not be permitted or allowed to be subscribed or contributed towards augmenting the said Capital Stock, or advanced and lent to the said Company upon Security at Interest as aforesaid, in any Portions or Sums less than One hundred Pounds each cf lawful Money of Great Britain; and that no Assignment or Security shall at any Time hereafter be made or executed by any of the said Directors in Exercise of the Powers given to them in that Behalf, for securing any leis Sum of Money to be so advanced and lent than One hundred Pounds of such lawful Money; and every or any such Assignment or Security which shall or may hereafter happen to be so made, or attempted to be made, for securing any less Sum, conn try to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall be utterly null and void; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Assignment or Transfer shall be permitted to be made or entered in the Transfer Eooks of the said JVefi India Dock Company of or concerning any smaller Sum of the Capital Stock of the said Company, at any Time heretofore subscribed, or hereafter to be subscribed as aforesaid, than One hundred Pounds thereof; and that any and every such Assignment or Transfer, which shall or may at any Time or ’limes hereafter be attempted to be made, and shall

happen

44° GEORGII Ili. Cap. 7. 8t

happen to be so entered, of or concerning any such smaller or less Sum of the said Capital Stock than One hundred Pounds thereof, shall be be»oid. utterly null and void; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Direc- Directors not tors already appointed, and hereafter to be appointed, as in the first a°i)b*nf»er- herein-before recited Act is mentioned, ’or any of them, shall not by able for Act* reason or means, or on account, of their or his being Parties or Party

to, or making, signing, or executing, in their or his Capacity of Directors the Capacity or Director for managing the Affairs and Business of the said Company ?| execution pursuant to this Act, any Contraft, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment, of this Act. or Security, for and on Behalf of the said Company, or otherwise lawfully executing any of the Powers and Authorities given to them, or any of them, by this Act, be subject or liable to be sued, prosecuted, or impleaded, either collectively or individually, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity or elsewhere; and that the Bodies or Body, Goods, Chattels, Lands, or Tenements, of the said Directors, or of any of them, shall not by reason, on account, or in consequence, of any such Contraft, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment, or Security, so entered into or made, signed, or executed by them, or any of them, as aforesaid, or any other lawful Act or Acts done or to be done by them or any of them, in Execution of any of the fame last mentioned Powers and Authorities, be liable to be arrested, seized, detained, or taken in Execution; but that in every such Case, any Person or Persons making any Claim or Demand upon the said Company, or upon any Director or Directors thereof, under or by virtue of any such Contraft, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment, or Security, ot other lawful Act or Acts, shall and may sue and implead the said Company in the Name of their Treasurer, as provided by the first herein-before recited Act, in like Manner as if such Contraft, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment, or Security, had been entered into and executed by such Treasurer for and on Behalf of the said Company, or such other Act or Acts had been done by him; and the Party or Parties so suing or impleading shall be entitled to the fame Remedies as are provided in and by the first herein-before recited Act, in Cases where Authority is thereby given to sue and implead the said Company in the Name of their Treasurer, but not to any further or other Remedy whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to in case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of asking°m any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of es*

the said Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Directors, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Per- or if Personi fons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as afore- cannot be ( said, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such chaieMone" Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then to be paid into and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any the Bank > Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested [L*. y Per.'} X in

82 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

subject 10 the ;n the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_describing the m\ fub-Court of L jest to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chan-cuancery, on eery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons Petition°f making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

Q^ettion ill all arise touching the Title to the Money to be paid, the Person wh^ shall be in Possession of the Lands, etc shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such PoiTeffi>>n, unless it he a wrongful Possession.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,-to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends and Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fotne Estate or Interest therein.

The Court of

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason mayonjer of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, reasonable entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, FurdSto to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money be paid by for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be the Compa- applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court.shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for i'uch Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 7. 83

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall pay and discharge all the Colls and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, with and out of any of the Monies already subscribed, or hereafter to be subscribed or borrowed, by and for the Use of the said Company as aforesaid.

Exrences of obtaining and passing this rtct, how to be paid.

XI. And be it also enacted, That all such or so much of the Powers, Power*, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and of rc'cTt’ed^' Things whatsoever, contained in the said Two recited Acts respectively, Acts extended as are applicable to the Purposes of this Act, and not hereby repealed, wtrdsAct. altered, or otherwise provided for or rendered unnecessary, shall extend,

and be construed to extend, to this present Act, and shall operate and be in force in respect to this Act and the Purposes thereof, according to its true Meaning, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions,

Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Publick Act taken to be a publick Act, and shall be taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

1 3, J . OU :t , V:> if)

> V. Li . i , IrJVW Lm.K-'UM

L "^L

-1 . rMJ \

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*- 5Mf*5|f

Cap. 8.

An Act for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and for cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and other publick. Passages and Places, within the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford.

[23d March 1804.]

WHEREAS the Footways and Crosspaths in the Streets and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, are not properly paved; and the said Streets and other publick Passages and Places are not properly cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances: And whereas the said Footways and Crosspaths cannot be effectually paved and kept in Repair, or the said Streets and other publick Passages and Places properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, nor such Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances effectually removed and prevented for the future, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords, Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-lL,c. & Per.~\ T thority

86

Co.ti nifllon ers appointed.

Qualification.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

thority of the same, That the Mayor, Aldermen, High Steward, Recorder, Town Clerk, and Assistants to the said Mayor and Aldermen for the Time being, of the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, together with Daniel Avis, the Reverend William Mog Bowen Doctor in Divinity, Luke Batten, James Brown, William Brown, Thomas Brown, William Brown, William Benniworth, William Bacon, ‘John Newball Bacon, John Brewer, Thomas Bailey, Thomas Barwell, the Reverend Samuel Burder, Thomas Bishop, John Bourn, Thomas Coventon, Robert Costin, Thomas Compere, Thomas Chambers, James Cole, George Calvert, John Carter, James Deayton, George Dell, James Denham, William Domville, John Deacon, Joshua Ellis, Edward Eling, Isaac Emery, Benjamin Fowler, George Fowler, John Furnness, James Field, William Fenfom, John fitch, Philip Gutteridge, Frederick Gough, Jonathan Gaze, Edward Greenhill, the Reverend John Gill, Thomas Goldsmith, William Greaves, the Reverend James Carpenter Gape, Henry Geary, William Hale, John Hair, the Reverend Jabev. Hirous, William Harris, Joseph Harris, George Hatch, William Hawfon, Thomas House, George Hill, Samuel Hill, Thomas Herbert, William Hart, George Honor, Edward Haws, Joseph Hulks, William How, Thomas Jones, Henry Jefferies, Thomas Kinder, Matthew Kentish, Charles Kentish, Joshua Kentish, William King, Jeremiah Kilbey, William Kilbey, George Louch, Charles Louch, William Laughton, the Reverend Jeremiah Lowe, Thomas Manfell, John Munn, John Miffenden, Henry Martin, Joseph Mead, Robert Nicholls, Job Nash, Zachary Neal, the Reverend John Payler Nicholson, Thomas Pigott, Isaac Piggott, John Page, Thomas Parsons, Joseph Patfons, the Reverend James Preedy, Valentine Partridge, John Redder, Stephen Pellett Doctor of Medicine, James Putnam, Thomas Rogers, James Read, the Reverend William Alfred Roberts, Thomas Rolfe, James Shepherd, John Shepherd, Robert Sexton, John Saunders, John Sherman, Richard Smith, Thomas Smith, John Savage, William Scourfield, Joseph Simcock, Joseph Sibley, Reginald Smorthwaite, Isaac Steabben, Thomas Thackjler, William Wells, Thomas Wilkins, George Wiljhere, James Whitney, Roger Wykes, John Wood, William Ward, Francis Woodbridge, Thomas Warren, James Wallis, Samuel Wildbore, John Wellingham, and Charles Woolham, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; and that when and as often as any Commissioner herein-before particularly named, or to be appointed as herein after mentioned, shall die, remove out of the said Burough, or be chosen an Alderman, High Steward, Recorder, Town Clerk of the said Borough/.or One of the Affirt-ants to the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Borough for the Time being, or refuse to act, the lame being notified at a Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the remaining Commissioners at their next or any other Meeting to be held after Notification of such Vacancy, by Writing under their Hands to appoint a fit Person, residing within the said Borough, to be a Commissioner in the Place of every Commissioner dying, removing, being chosen an Alderman, High Steward, Recorder, Town Clerk, or One of the Assistants to the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Borough, or refusing to act as aforesaid; and every Person so appointed is hereby inverted with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution as if he had been named a Commissioner in and by this Act.

II. Provided always, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his

acting

87

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

acting he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Ten Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person having an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or shall be possessed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Two hundred and fifty Pounds; and if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

III. Provided also, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a commission-Commissioner in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall eri l,0‘joa.ct hold any Office or Place of Profit, or have any Share or Interest in any nL Time1* of2 Contract or Work to be made or done in pursuance of this Act; but

it shall be lawful for such of the Commissioners who shall be in the Com- tin. Act! er mission of the Peace for the said Borough to act as Justices of the Peace M act as in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners; justice and that in ail Cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are authorized by this Act to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to administer such Oath, or to take such Affirmation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet Rrft Meeting at the Town Hall of the said Borough, within One Calendar Month next

after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, in order to put this Act in Execution, and shall and may then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to and meet at the Place aforesaid, or any other convenient Place within the said Borough; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting Five of the said Commissioners, the Commissioner, or the Majority of the Commissioners, who shall be present may adjourn the Meeting to another Day, not later than Fourteen Days from ajjourn> the Day of such Adjournment; and in case of any Neglect or Omission to adjourn, any Three or more of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall and may call a Meeting at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, by Notice thereof to be affixed on some conspicuous Part of the said 1 own Hall, at least Ten Days before such Meeting; and that at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, T© defray the Commissioners shall defray their own Expences; but no Ad of the Expr.°«s said Commissioners shall be valid, unless made or done at some Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, except the calling of Meetings as aforesaid; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in, and all Matters and Things directed to be done or performed by the said Commissioners, shall and may, from Time to Time, be ex.

ercifed

88

Proceedings to be entered In a Bock.

To appoint a Clerk, a Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collectors.

To ply Sala» ries or make Allowances.

Officers to account.

and pay over the Money to Commis-ftontrs, or to Such Person as they may appoint.

4+* GEORGII Hi. Cap. 8.

cicised and executed, done and performed (except in Cases herein otherwise particularly provided), by any Five or more of the said Commissioners, being the Majority of the Commissioners who shall attend at any publick Meeting to be held under or according to this Act; and all the Acts, Orders, Resolutions, and Proceedings of such Five or more of the said Commissioners shall have the fame Force and Effect as if done or made by all the said Commissioners, and that when the Number of Voices shall be equal, the Chairman to be appointed at such Meeting shall have the decisive or calling Vote.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, Resolutions, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners relative to the Execution of this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and signed by them or the major Parc of them present at the doing or making of such Acts, Orders, Resolutions, or Proceedings; which Book or Books may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts of Law and Places whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from lime to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Clerk, and Treasurer or Treasurers, and such Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments, and such Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officers, as they shall find necessary for the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove all or any such Officers at their Will and Pleasure; and out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act to appoint and pay such Salaries or other Allowances to the said Officers, and to all other Persons who shall be employed in or about the Execution of this Act, as they shall judge reasonable and proper; and the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to take such Security from their Treasurer or Treasurers, Collectors, and other Officers, as they shall think proper for the due Execution of their respective Offices; and every such Officer and Person to be appointed as aforesaid, shall under their respective Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to his Charge by virtue of this Act, and all'o of all Money which shall have been by him received by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Money as shall remain in his Hands to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint; and every Person so accounting shall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer), verify such Account; and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall neglect or refuse to verify upon Oath such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by Notice in Writing signed by the said Commissioners, and given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said

Com-

89

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Commissioners respecting the fame, and Complaint shall be made thereof by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners to any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, or the County or Place wherein such Officer or Person shall be or reside, such Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Officer or Officers or Person to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath or Affirmation, it shall appear to such Justice that ny of the Money that shall have been collected and received by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of any such Officer or Person, such Justice is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Officer or Person; and if no such Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, or if it shall in Manner aforesaid appear to such Justice that any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then such Justice shall commit such Officer or Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, touching the fame, and have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof as aforesaid; but no Person who shall be committed on account of his not having sufficient Goods or Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Property of and in all the present and future Pavements of the Footways and Crosspaths within the said Streets and publick PaflTages and Places, and of and in all Lamps, Lamp Irons, and Ports, which shall be erected or fixed by virtue of this Act, and all Materials, Implements, and other Things, which shall be purchased or gotten for the Purposes of this Act, shall belong to and are hereby verted in the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to sell and dispose of any Stones or Materials arising or becoming useless in the Execution of this Act, making or allowing Satisfaction to the Occupier of any House or Tenement for any Flagstones which shall have been laid down at his or her own Cods in the Footway before such House or Tenement.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall sue and be sued in the Name of the Tjeafurer or Treasurers for the Time being to be appointed under this Act; and that no Action or other Proceeding at Law brought by or against the said Commissioners, or any

\Ltc. ft? Per.] Z or

Pavements vetted in Commission-ers.

Commissioner» may sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Treasurers.

go

Comtriifllon-ers to cause the Footway* to be paved.

The Streets clean fed, watched, and lighted, and Obstructions removed.

If any Person, without Leave, shall alter the Foot Pavement, the fame shall be reinltated at the Expence of the Person lo altering it.

Names of the S.reets to be written tip, and Houses numbered.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

of them, in relation to this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Treasurers, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such 1'reasurer or Treasurers, or by the Act of him or them, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but that the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being shall always be Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants; and that every such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or other Proceeding at Law, shall be under the Management and Direction of the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, directed, and required, from Time to Time to cause the said Footways and Crosspaths, or such of them as they shall judge proper, to be new paved with Flag-Hones or other Stones in such Manner and Form as they shall think fit, and such Pavements or Ways for the Use of Passengers on Foot to be made across the Carriage Ways, and also across any Gateways and other Places in the said Streets and publick Passages, of such Materials and in such Manner as they shall think proper , and also to cause the several Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Borough to be cleansed, watched, and lighted, and all Obfiruftions, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters, and Watercourses to be made for conveying the Water off and from the said Streets and other Places in such Manner as they shall think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall at any Time hereafter, without the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, make or cause to be made any Alteration in the Form of any of the Foot Pavements of any Street, Lane, or other publick Place, within the said Borough, such Person shall at his or her own Expence (within Fourteen Days after Notice given for that Purpose by the said Commissioners or their Clerk or Surveyor) put the Pavement which shall have been so altered into the fame Form and Condition as it was in before the making such Alteration , and in case of Neglect or Refusal so to do, then the said Commissioners shall and may cause the same to be done, and the Expence thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the Person so neglecting or refusing the fame, to be recovered in case of Non-payment upon Demand, in like Manner as any Penalty is herein after directed to recovered.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause to be painted, on a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings, at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of each of the said Highways pr Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, or to be painted or described in Stone, Wood, or otherwise, and affixed to any such House or Houses, Building or Buildings, the Name by which such respective Street, Lane, Passage, and Place is properly andusuallycalled or known, and may also cause every House, Shop, or Warehouse, in each of the said Streets and Places, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Names, Descriptions, Marks, or Numbers, or any Parts or Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person

9i

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when any Number or Numbers painted or put on any House or Tenement within the said Borough shall be defaced or rubbed out, the Occupier or Occupiers of any such House or Tenement, shall on personal Notice given to him, her, or them, or upon Notice in Writing left at such House or Tenement by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, cause the Number or Numbers to be restored and painted in like Manner on the said House or Tenement, within Six Days after such Notice; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to comply with such Order, every such Occupier shall forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Refusal the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to cause Lamp Irons or Lamp Pods to be put or affixed into, upon, or against the Walls or Pallisadoes of any of the Houses, Tenements, of Buildings, within the said Borough, or in such other Manner and Place as they shall think proper and convenient; and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed, or put upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Pods, as they shall think proper and necessary for lighting all or any of the said Streets, and other publick Passages and Places; and if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, take away, spoil, or damage any of the Lamps to be put up by virtue of this Act, or any of the Irons, Pods, or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully extinguiffi the Light of any such Lamp, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and such Offender shall also pay to the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or One of them, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so done; and in case any Person shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise spoil or damage any of the said Lamps, or the Irons, Pods, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party, to award such Sum of Money by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in Default of Payment thereof upon Demand, to cause the same to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who flra.ll have done such Damage, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint, and of such Didrefs and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to comract and agree with any Person or Persons for the doing and performing any of the Works by this Act authorized or directed to be done and performed; and every Comract so to be entered into shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the said Commission-

Number of the Houses to be reftoredl when defaced, at the Expence of the Occupier.

Lamp Iron? and Polls to be affixed.

Commissioners may contract for Work to be done*

tf2

Penalty for obit ruling Officers.

No Contract ro bind the Commissioners ill their private Capacities.

Foottfays, £f<*. to befwept be. fore Ten in the Morning.

Signs to be it moved, etc.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

ers and the Party or Parties contracting to perform such Works, and shall specify the Works to be done, and the Prices to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when such Work shall be performed and completed, and the Penalty to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof; and if any Person shall at any Time obstruct or hinder any Officer, Workman, or Person employed under or by virtue of this Act, in the Execution of his Duty, every Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Contraft which shall be made by any of the Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall be binding upon the said Commissioners as Individual* in their private Capacities, nor shall any of them personally or their respective Estates be answerable for or subject to the Payment of the Interest of any Monies borrowed by virtue of this Act; and that all the Money which shall be paid, expended by, or recovered against any of the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or any Person or Persons employed by them, by means of any Actioir, Prosecution, Proceeding at Law, or Appeal for any Cause relating to this Act, or any Thing done by or under the Authority of the same, shall be borne and defrayed out of the Money which shall come to the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it farther enacted, That all Inhabitants within the said Borough where the said intended Pavement shall extend, shall cause the Footways before and on the Sides of their respective Houses, Buildings, and Walls, to be swept and cleansed before the Hour of Ten in the Morning of every Day (Sundays excepted) and the Dirt and Soil arising therefrom to be immediately taken and carried away; and every Person making Default herein, shall for every such Default forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; provided that Information for the Purpose of recovering or levying such Penalty shall be laid within Seven Days after such Default.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Occupiers of Houses and other Buildings within the several Streets and other publick Passages and Places aforesaid, shall and are hereby required, at their own Costs and Charges, within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think necessary, and by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be delivered to such respective Occupiers, or left at their respective Dwelling Houses, direct and appoint, to cause all Signs which now or hereafter shall belong to such respective Houses or other Buildings to be removed and discontinued, or fixed or placed flat on the Fronts thereof, and all Sign Irons, Sign Pods, and other Pods and Rails, Penthouses, Spouts, Steps, Shop Windows, Cellar Doors, and Cellar Windows, and other Encroachments, Obdruftions, Projeftions, and Annoyances, which now or hereafter shall belong to such respective Houses or other Buildings, to be removed, altered, and reformed, and also to cause the Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, and Penthouses of or belonging to such respective Houses or other Buildings, by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks to be affixed to the Sides of such Houses and other Buildings respectively; and in case any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse so to do, it shall be lawful for

93

44° GEORGII [II. Cap. 8.

the said Commissioners to cause the same to be done, and the Costs and Charges attending the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough (which Warrant such Justice is hereby required and authorized to grant), rendering the Overplus, (it any) when demanded, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and it shall be lawful for the Tenant of any such House or other Building, not being under Covenant to keep the fame in Repair, who shall remove, alter, or reform any such Encroachments, Obstructionss, Projeftions or Annoyances as aforesaid, to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof, and also any Money which shall or may be levied upon his or her Goods and Chall tels as aforesaid, out of his or her Rent; and the Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord of every such House or other Building is hereby required to allow the fame accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to the flopping up the Door or Window of any Cellar where there shall be no other Way from the Street or Light to such Cellar, but the Owner or Occupier thereof shall always keep the fame in good and sufficient Repair, unless the said Commissioners shall make or provide some other commodious and sufficient Way or Light into such Cellar.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Houses and Buildings New Houses hereafter to be built or new fronted in any of the said Streets, Lanes, bc erected Passages or Places, shall be erected perpendicularly from the Foundation f^ly*11 ' thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times build

or new front any House or other Building within the said Borough, or cause the same to be done, otherwise than rising perpendicularly from the Foundation thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners by Writing under their Hands to order and cause the Front of such House of not, Front or other Building to be pulled down by such Person or Persons as they j"ir Pulle<1 shall direct and appoint, and the Coll and Charges thereof shall be paid ‘ and reimbursed to the said Commissioners by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings; and in Default of Payment thereof, on Demand, the fame may be recovered in like Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act authorized to be recovered.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Houses, Outhouses, and New Houses other Buildings, that shall after the passing of this Act be built or erected

within the said Borough as aforesaid, shall be covered with Lead, Cop- C0Teiei 1 per, Iron-Plate, Slate or Tile, and not otherwise, and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, cover any such House, Outhouse, Building, or any Part thereof, with any other Covering than Lead, Copper, Iron-Plate, Slate or Tile, every Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and any further Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings daily for every Day such Offence shall continue, after personal Notice given to him, her, or them, or upon Notice in Writing left at such House or Tenement, by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or such other Person as they shall appoint, to take down such Covering; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order such Covering to be taken down and removed in such Manner as to them shall seem meet, and the Person or Persons so ordered by the said Commissioners, shall [Loc, ft? Per.J A a and

94

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

and may take down and remove the fame accordingly, without any Notice or Warning to be given to the Owner or Occupier of such House, Outhouse, or other Building to take down the fame; and One Moiety'of the said respective Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other applied for the Purposes of this Act.

To prevent

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall run, drive, car-

Annoyances. or pjace on any 0y p00[wayS or Crosspaths (other than such as

shall be across the Carriage Ways as aforesaid) any Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Truck, or Carriage, or shall roll any Calk for the Space of Forty Yards, or wilfully ride, drive, lead, place, or expose to Sale any Horse or other Beall or Cattle on any of the said Footways or Crosspaths (except as aforesaid") or shall, within’any Street or other publick Passage or Place within the said Borough, daughter, singe, scald, hang up, or cut up any Beall, Swine, or other Cattle, or hoop, cleanse, or scald any Calk, or hew or saw any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bind, make, or repair the Wheel of any Carriage, or Ihoe, bleed, dress, or farry, or turn or drive loose any Horse (except in case of Accident) or set, place, or expose to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, either on the Footways or Carriage Ways of any of the said Streets or other publick Passages or Places, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any such Footway (except the setting, placing, or exposing to Sale any Horses Bealls, or Cattle, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on Market and Fair Days, upon any Part of any Carriage Way adjoining the said Footways or in any Part or Parts of the said Footways and Carriage Ways, as the Clerk of the Market of the said Borough shall direift and appoint for that Purpose) or shall make or adilt in the making any Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Cracker, or other Firework, or shall fist, fereen, or flack any Lime within any of the said Streets or other publick Passages or Places, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Penalty on

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon, Cart, or other Obstructiom. such Carriage shall be left to Hand or remain in any of the said Streets or other publick Passages or Places with or without Horses or other Cattle, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof, or if any Stage Coach, Poll Chaise, or other Carriage let to hire, shall be left to Hand or remain in any such Street, Passage, or Place with or without Horses, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for taking up or setting down the Passengers, or for loading or unloading their Baggage, or if any Horse or other Cattle shall be suffered to lland at the Door or House of any Person so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any of the said Footways or Crosspaths, or if any Swine, Beall, or other Cattle shall be permitted to wander or be in or about any of the said Streets, publick Passages, or Places, or if any Timber, Bricks, Stones, Lime, Dung, Wood, Goods, or other Things, shall be laid or placed and left to remain in any of the said Streets or other publick Passages or Places for any longer Time than shall be necessary for moving and housing the fame, or if any Allies (except in case of Froll) Rubbish, Dud, Dirt, or other Nuisance or Annoyance shall be thrown, call, or laid in any of the said Streets or other publick Passages or Places, and suffered to remain for any longer Time than shall be ne-

cessary

95

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

cessary for the Purpose of removing the fame, then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Waggon, Carr, Chaise, Coach, or other Carriage, and the Owner of such Swine, Bead, or Cattle, and of such Timber, Bricks, Goods, or other Things which shall be left or suffered to remain as aforesaid, and the Person who shall throw, cast, or lay any Allies (except as aforesaid), Rubbish, Dull, Dirt, or other Annoyance as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings, and the same shall also be deemed a Nuisance.

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall be subject to any Penalty by virtue of this Act on account of any Rubbish or Dirt being in any of the said Streets or other publick Passages or Places before the House or Tenement of such Person, occasioned by the building, pulling down, or repairing of such House or Tenement, so as there be convenient Room left for Carriages to pass, and a sufficient Way kept clean for Foot Passengers, by the Person laying or occasioning such Rubbish or Dirt to be laid, and so as the Owner or Occupier of such House or Tenement do cause such Rubbish or Dirt to be removed out of such Street or Place at his own Costs and Charges within a reasonable Time after such building, pulling down, or repairing shall be completed, or upon Notice to be given to him or left at such House or Tenement for that Purpose in Writing signed by the said Commissioners or their Clerk, and so as that whilst the same shall be lying in such Street or Place such Owner or Occupier shall set up and maintain a sufficient Light upon or against the fame during the Night Time, to prevent Mischief happening to Passengers or Cattle.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the several Parishes in the Borough aforesaid, shall, when demanded by the said Commissioners or any Person authorized by them for that Purpose, pay or cause to be paid, out of the Composition for Statute Duty to be by such Surveyor or Surveyors collected within the said Borough, to the Treasurers or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, One Moiety or Half Part of the Composition Money so by them to be received as a Compensation to them from the Surveyor or Surveyors on account of his, her, or their not being liable in future to repair the Footways within the said Borough, and the same shall be applied for the general Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby empowered by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by them authorized at any Meeting, to levy the said One Flalf of the said Composition Money upon the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being of the said Parishes respectively, in case of his or their neglecting or rtfufing to pay the fame, in the like Manner as. Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby directed to be recovered: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to exonerate the Surveyors of the Highways of the several Parishes within, or partly within, the said Borough, from the repairing of the Footpaths within the same, or any Fart thereof, in the Manner they are now liable to by Law, until the same shall be paved under and pursuant to the Directions of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, or until such Demand shall be made, and the said Surveyors shall pay to the said Commissioners, or their Treasureror Treasurer*

Inhabitants not to be subject to a Penalty on account of Rubbish occa* Honed by building.

Surveyors of the Highways to pay One Moiety of the Composition Money for the Purposes of this Act.

96

Commissioners empowered to rai(e Money by Rates on Oc-Cupitis of Houses, etc.

AflTefimenfs bow payable.

Rates to be borne equally by Landlords 7 enantf.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

furers, or One of them, One-half of the said Composition Money as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and are hereby authorized and required, to rate and affel's such Sum of Money as they shall from Time to Time judge necessary, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Found, upon the respective Tenants or Occupiers of all Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Tenements, and other Hereditaments and Estates within the said Borough, which have usually been, or shall hereafter be charged to the Relief of the Poor, according to the respective annual Values thereof, such annual Values to be from Time to Time settled according to the Sums at which such Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Tenements, and other Hereditaments shall be respectively rated for the Relief of the Poor, previous to the making of such Rate or Assessment by the said Commissioners; and the First Year from which such Rate or Assessment shall be made shall commence at and be computed from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; and the Money so to be rated and assessed shall from Time to Time be paid to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, at such Time or Times in every Year, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, and shall be paid over by him or them into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers, or One of the Treasurers to the said Commissioners: And in order to make such Rates or Assessments, all and every the Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes which are either wholly or in part within the said Borough, shall and are hereby respectively required, at all seasonable Times, to permit the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Collector to the said Commissioners, or any other Person to be appointed by them, to peruse and inspect all the Rates made at any Time within a Year then next preceding for the Relief of the Poor, and to take a Copy or Copies thereof; and if any such Overseer of the Poor shall refuse or neglect to permit any such Perusal or Inspection, or the taking of any such Copy, he shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forefeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That One Moiety of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the respective Owners or Landlords, and the other Moiety thereof by the respective Tenants or Occupiers of the several Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Tenements, and other Hereditaments and Estates, in respect whereof such Rates or Assessments shall be made as aforesaid; but all such Rates or Assessments shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Collector or Collectors, by such respective Tenants or Occupiers, and such Tenants or Occupiers, shall and are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain, out of their respective Rents, so much thereof as a Moiety or One-half Part of such Rate or Rates upon every Twenty Shillings of the Rent which shall be payable to such Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords shall amount unto; and all such Owners and Landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests, shall allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of their said Rents, and the Tenants paying the said Assessments shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money, as if the fame had actually been paid

97

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

paid to the Person or Persons to whom his and their Rent shall have been due and payable: Provided also, that no Person shall be subject to the Payment of any Rate or Assessmeny by virtue of this Act, who shall be only Tenant of Property chargeable to the said Rates or Taxes which together shall not be of the yearly Rent or Value of Four Pounds or upwards, and shall not be Owner of any Property chargeable as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that the Landlord or Owner of the House or Tenement occupied by any such Person as Tenant thereof as aforesaid, shall bear and defray his Share or Proportion of such Rates or Assessments in respect thereof; and no Person shall be subject to or charged with any Rae or Assessment by virtue of this Act for or in respect of any House or Building, during the Time the same shall be empty or unoccupied; and that where any House, Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, in respect whereof any Rate or Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall be let or demised to more than One Tenant, any One or more of such Tenants shall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof for the Purposes of this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant, or Agreement between any Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the paving or repairing any of the Footways within the said Borough*

XXVI. Provided also, That in all Cases where any Person shall remove from or quit any House, Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, which shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, such Person shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in Proportion to the Time that he or she occupied the fame, in like Manner as if he or she had not removed, or quitted the fame; and in all Cases where any Person shall come into or occupy any House, Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, rated or assessed as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person who shall have been rated or assessed for the same shall be removed, or which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment was empty or unoccupied, the Person coming into or occupying the same shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in Proportion to the Time that he or she occupied the fame, in like Manner as if he or (Ire had been originally rated or assessed for such House, Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament; which said respective Proportions, in case of Dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall be rated or assessed, or subject or liable to the Payment of any Rate or Assessment to be made or laid by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or ne-gledt to pay any such Rate or Assessmeny to any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Space of Seven Days after personal Demand thereof made, or Demand in Writing left at the usual or lad Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, County, Liberty, or Place wherein such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, upon Proof made upon Oath or Affirmation of such Demand and Non-payment, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to authorize and direct the said Collector or Collectors to levy such Rate or Money so in Arrear, together with the Costs and Charges attending the fame, to be ascertained by such Justice, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or

[Loc. Per.2 B b Persons

Houses unoccupied not to charged.

Any One Tenant to be deemed Occupier.

Not to affect Agreements between Landlords and Tenants.

Rates apportioned between Occupiers quitting and coming into any House, etc.

Recovery of Rates.

98

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Commissioners.

Commissio tiers to raise not exceeding 4.000l. oy Annuities, Bonds, etc.

Annuities chargeable on the Rates

44° GEORG/I III. Cap. 8.

Pfcrfons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels on Demand.

XXVIII. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, he, she, or they may appeal to the Commissioners at their first Meeting to be holden after the Expiration of Ten Days from the demanding such Rate or Assessment; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think any such Person or Persons aggrieved, to amend such Rate and to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem reasonable.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to raile, either by Annuities on single Lives or on several Lives, with or without Benefit of Survivorship, or on Annuities to be granted for a certain Term of Years, or by way of Loan upon Bond or other Security, to be entered into by or by the Order and Direction of the said Commissioners, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, for the several Purposes aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or into the Hands of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, or One of them, or of such other Person or Persons as they the said Commissioners shall by any Writing under their Hands and Seals authorize to receive the same for the Ul'es and Purposes before mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of Annuities, or by way of Loan as herein-before is mentioned, the said Annuities if granted on a Life or Lives to be paid and payable for and during the natural Life or Lives of the Contributor or Contributors, or for and during the natural Life or Lives of such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall nominate respectively, from the Time of Payment of their respective Contribution Money, and such Annuities shall and may be granted with or without Benefit of Survivorship, and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the said Annuities, if granted fora Term of Years, to be granted for such Term of Years, and on such Terms and Conditions as the said Commissioners shall think fit; all which Annuities, and also the Principal and Interest of the Money to be borrowed and taken up as aforesaid, shall be paid and payable by the said Commissioners in the Town Hall of the said Borough, or such other Place as they shall appoint for that Purpose; and the Principal of such Money to be borrowed and taken up by the said Commissioners at Interest as aforesaid, on the Credit of this Act, shall be repaid tt> the Person or Persons lending or advancing the fame out of the said Rates, as often as the same shall amount to a sufficient Sum to discharge any One Bond, upon giving the Lender Six Months Notice in Writing for that Purpose, at the End of which Time all Interest of such Bonds shall ceal’e.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every of the Annuities so to be purchased under or by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, and all and every

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 99

every Sum and Sums of Money to be borrowed and taken up on the to be made by Credit of this Act, and the Interest thereof, shall be and the same are this Acti and is hereby charged upon, and made payable from Time to Time out of the Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments by this Act directed to be raised and afieffed as herein-before is mentioned; and that all and every the Contributor and Contributors, or Lender or Lenders of any Money upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money for any such Annuity or Annuities, or otherwise advancing the Money as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, and the Principal and Interest of the other Monies which may be advanced as aforesaid out of the said Rates or Assessments by this Act appropriated or appointed for Payment thereof, and all and every such Purchaser or Purchasers of such Annuity or Annuities, and other Person or Persons advancing Money as aforesaid, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have a good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible Estate, Right, and Interest, in and to the said Annuities so to be by them respectively purchased, and in and to the said other Monies so to be advanced as aforesaid, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor for the Annuitants to Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid under and by have a Grant' virtue of this Act, upon the Payment of any Money advanced by way of Loan shall take a Receipt or Receipts forfo much Money as shall be so paid, and upon Payment of all the Purchase Money for any such Annuity or Annuities, or of any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Loan, every such Contributor or Lender, his or her Assigns respectively, shall have a Grant or Security in Writing fot Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities for and during the natural Life or Lives of such Contributor or Contributors as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as shall be nominated by him, her* or them, or for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as may be so lent as aforesaid; which Grants or Securities shall be signed by the Treasurer or Treasurers, or One of the Treasurers herein directed to be appointed for the Time being, with the Consent of Seven of the said Commissioners-to be testified by their Signature thereto, and shall respectively be in the Words or to the Effect following j (that is to say;,

‘ TZNOW all Men by these Presents, That the Commissioners ap- Form thereof ‘ pointed by and acting under an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title

of this Act] do by virtue of the said Act, and in Consideration of the

Sum of [insert here the Consideration] paid to them by [dcscribe here

the Purchaser or Purchasers] before the sealing and delivering of these

Presents (as appears by the Receipt indorsed hereon) grant and secure

unto the said [name the Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their

Appointee or Appointees, as the Case may be,~] his [her, or their] Execu-

‘ tors,

too

Bond.

FormofBond.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

c tors, Administrators, and Assigns, an Annuity of [insert the Amount ‘ of the Annuity] payable out of the Rates and Assessments made and

aflfefled and to be made and assessed by the Commissioners of or acting

under the said Act for the Purposes therein mentioned, which said ‘ Annuity shall be paid to the said [name here the Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Appointee or Appointees] his [or her, or their]

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at [here insert such Place as

the Commissioners shall think fit to appoint ] upon the

Day of and the Day of

‘ in every Year by equal Half-yearly Payments

during the natural Life, and proportionally up to the Day of the

Death of [or during the natural Lives and

Life of and the Survivor of them, and propor-

tionally up to the Day of the Death of such Survivor; or during

‘ the natural Lives and Life of and the

Survivors and Survivor of them, and proportionally up to the Day of ‘ the Death of such Survivor, or during the Term of

‘ Years now next ensuing, as the Case may be] the First Payment thereof c to be made upon the Day of

‘ now next ensuing. In Witness whereof the Treasurer or Treasurers, ‘ or One of the Treasurers, as the Case may be] appointed by virtue of the said Act, hath hereunto set his Hand and Seal the

Day of in the Year of our Lord

‘ Signed and sealed by the said ]

the Treasurer or Treasurers, or One

‘ of the Treasurers, as the Case may be] J

appointed by virtue of the said Act, [

with the Content of us the Majority j ‘ of the Commissioners present at a

Meeting holden the Day and Year

‘ lad above mentioned.’ J

And also that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money to be advanced, lent, and paid to or to the Order of the said Commissioners upon the Credit of this Act on Bond shall be secured by a Bond under the Hand and Seal of the Treasurer or Treasurers, or of One of them, hereby di-reded to be appointed for the Time being, with the Consent of Seven such Commissioners testified as aforesaid in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to fav,)

izNOW all Men by these Presents, That the Commissioners ap-A pointed by and acting under an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act] and their Successors, are held and firmly boun to in the Sum of

to be paid to him [or her, or them] the said or to his

[or her, or their] certain Attorney, Executors, Administratore, or Assigns. In Witness whereof the Treasurer or Treasurers,

or One of the Treasurers, as the Case may be] appointed by virtue of the said Act, hath hereunto set his Hand Seal, this Day

of in the Year of our Lord

THE

lot

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

THE Condition of the above written Obligation is such. That if the

above-named his [or her, or their] Executors, Ad-

ministrators, of Assigns, shall tinder and according to the true Intent

and Meaning of the above mentioned Act of Parliament, be well and

truly paid the full and just 'Sum of

this Day advanced and lent by him [or her, or them] the said

upon the Credit of the said Act, together

‘ with Interest for such Sum of Whilst the fame

shall remain unpaid after the Rate of per Centum per

‘ Annum, by equal Half yearly Portions or Payments, then this Obli-‘ gation shall be void.

‘ Signed and sealed by the said ]

‘ the Treasurer or Treasurers, or One

‘ of the Treasurers, as the Case may \

‘ be] appointed by virtue of the said 1 ‘ Ad, with the Consent of us the Ma- ,

‘ jority of the Commissioners present at j ‘ a Meeting holden the Day and Year j

above mentioned.’ J

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Annuity or Annuities shall be so granted and secured as aforesaid, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and may by Indorsement on his, her, or their respective Securities, and executed in the Presence of any One of the said Commissioners, or of the Treasurer or Treasurers, or One of them, by this Act directed to be appointed, or of the officiating Clergyman of the Pa-rifli or Place where the Party making such Assignment shall reside at the Time of making such Assignment, assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, to the Annuities thereby respectively secured, in the Words or to the Effect following: (that is to say)

iN Consideration of the Sum of of lawful

Money of Great Britain, this Day paid by

I [or we, as the Case may be~] do hereby transfer the Within written, [tr

herein recited, or hereunto annexed, as the Case May bej Security, and ‘ the Annuities [or Annuity] thereby granted or secured, unto

‘ Executors, Administrators, or Assigns. Wlt-

ness my Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals] this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

Witness

And the Lender or Lenders of such other Monies as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall and may by Assignment under their respective Hands and Seals attested as last aforesaid, and to be indorsed on their respective Bonds, also assign and transfer any of such Bonds, and the Monies thereby respectively secured to any Person or Perforw whomsoever, in the Words or to the Effect fol-

Annuitie», etc. may be assigned.

Form of A/E^nment.

Bands may be assigned.

102.

Form of Alignment.

The Namts of Annuitants, Igc. to be entered in a Book.

Directing how the Money raised shall be applied.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

‘ tN Consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money

‘ 1 of Great Britain, this Day paid by

I do hereby transfer the within written, [or herein

‘ recited, or hereunto annexed, as tie Case may be~] Bond with all my ‘ Right and Title to the Principal and Interest thereby l'ecured unto

, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Witness my

‘ Hand and Seal this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

c Witness

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided by the said Commissioners, and kept by their Clerk, a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly written in Words at Length the Names and Additions of all such Persons as shall be Purchasers of any of the Annuities aforesaid, or shall lend any Sum or Sums of Money on Bond or other Security, and the Names of the Persons into whose Hands the said Purchasers or Lenders shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, and also the Sum or Sums of Money so paid for the Purchase of Annuities, or lent on Bonds or other Security, and the respective Days of Payment thereof; and all such Alignments or Transfers respectively shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, within Twenty-one Days after the Date thereof, and shall be by him entered in the said Book or Books, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry shall be made, every such Assignment or Transfer shall be deemed to pass the legal Property of and in such Annuity, Bond, or other Security as shall be thereby aligned, and such Assignee or Afiig-nees may in like Manner assign and transfer again, and so toties quoties \ to which Book or Books the said Purchasers and Lenders, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and any Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay any Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, may at all reasonable. Times have Rocourse and may ir.spect the fame without Fee or Reward.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to arifeby or from the said Rates or Assessments hereby authorized to be made and levied, and which may be advanced for Annuities as aforesaid, and also all other Money which shall come to the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any of them, or of their Treasurer or Treasurers, or either of them, by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in the first Place in Payment and Discharge of all Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and afterwards from Time to Time in paying the Annuities to be granted as aforesaid, and towards defraying the Charg s and Expences of paving and repairing the Footways and Crosspaths, and deanfing, lighting, and watching the several Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Borough, and all other Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

XXXV. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to hire and employ such and so many Watchmen in the said Borough, for so long Time in the Night, under such Regulations and for such Wages (to be paid out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act) as they shall think proper, and to provide Places of Reception for them; which Watchmen may be appointed and sworn Peace Officers by any of the Justices of the said Borough: And if any Person, during the Time he shall be hired and retained as a Watchman, shall refuse or neglect to perform his Duty, or shall miffiehave himself in the Execution of his Office, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings and not less than Ten Shillings; and it shall be lawful for any such Watchmen, and they are hereby authorized and required to apprehend and secure all Malefactors, Diiturbers of the Peace, and other suspected Persons, who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to carry such Persons as soon as conveniently may be before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Manner of recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Borough (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Information of any credible Witness upon Oath), and shall, if not directed to be otherwise applied by this Act, be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners, or One of them, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form, or to the like Effect; (that is say).

r)E it remembered. That on the

« O in t-

in the

Day of Year of the

1 Reign of His Majesty A.B. is convicted

‘ before of His Majesty's Justices

1 of the Peace for the Borough of Saint Alban, in the County of Hert- ford, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-fourth Year 1 of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, \_set forth

‘ the

103

Watchmen to be appointed.

Recovery of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

104

Inhabitants may be Wit-nelt'ei.

Distress not to be themed unlawful, or Proceedings quaftied for want of Form j

or removable by Certiorari.

Appeal to the Quarter hellions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

the Title of the Act, and specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when

and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be.] Given undet ' my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant of the said Borough shall be disqualified from giving Evidence, by reason of his being an Inhabitant, notwithstanding such Inhabitant is charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party distraining be deemed a Trespasser ab initio, on acccount of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done, but the Person aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe: Provided always, that no Plaintiff shall recover for such Irregularity, or for any Trespass or other wrongful Proceeding, unless Notice in Writing of the Intention to bring such Action, shall be given to the Person against: whom the fame is to be brought Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants by Leave of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, at any Time before Ilfue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions wherein the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court; and that no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceeding made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made, or other Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Borough, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen. such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given F out teen Days Notice at the least in Writing of his

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 105

her, or their Intention so to appeal, and of the Matter thereof to the Clerk or Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners, or One of them, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Julliceof the Peace for the said Borough, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide by the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions shall hear and finally determine the Caul'e and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as they shall think proper; and their Determination therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, and to all Intents and Purposes.

XLI. Provided always, That in case the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur- m cate the geffes of the said Borough shall be in anywise interested in their Corporate Mayor, a|-( Capacity in any Cause or Matter of Appeal touching the said Rates or Af- BurgeiVes' felfments, such Appeal shall be made to the Justices of the Peace at the P1^11 h« ( General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Hertford, who are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine the fame, and to to be to th: award such Costs a3 they shall think proper; and their Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties, and to all Intents and Purposes.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation commenced against any Person for any Thing done in pursuance of this of Action*. Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to the Clerk or Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Commissioners, or One of them, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Hertford, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his or her Action or Suit after the Defendant shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff, then the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases of Law.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Not to dim;, nothing in this Act contained shall extend to take away, diminish, or im-

O . - r * a r» 1 . - 1 r , Rights of the

pede the Exercise of any rrivilege or Right whatsoever now uled by the Coipoiatiai. Corporation of the said Borough, or any of their Magistrates, Officers, or Servants thereunto belonging.

\_Loc. ft? Per."} D d XLIV. And

io6

[Publick Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

.'3

V- set

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 9.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually t<* provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

[23d March 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cnnal from the 34.G. 3 Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgwater in the Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canals certain Persons in the said Act named, and their Successors, were incorporated by the Name, Stile, and Title of The Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal, for making and completing the said Canal and Cots, and the several other Works necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution; and the said Company of Proprietors were thereby authorized to raize and contribute amongst themselves a competent Sum of Money, for making and completing the said Canal, Cuts, and Works, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and ninety-one thousand nine hundred Pounds, (except as’thereafter mentioned) which was to be divided into Two thousand one hundred and nineteen Shares of One hundred Pounds each; and that in case the said Sum of Two hundred and ninety-one thousand nine hundred Pounds should be found insufficient for the making and completing of the said Canal, Cuts, and Works, the said Company were thereby empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Shares and Proportions as to them should seem meet, any further or other Sum for the completing and perfecting of the said Underact. Ss* Per."} E e taking,

no

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

taking, not exceeding One hundred thousand pounds; and that in case the said Company should be desirous of raising the fame by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, they were empowered to borrow and take up at Interest, all or any Part of the said One hundred thousand Pounds on the Credit o|, the said Undertaking, as to them should seem meet, and to assign the Property of the said Navigation, and the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, tuifing therefrom, as a Security for any Sum or Sums to be so lent and advanced, to the Person or Persons who should advance the fame, in the Manner therein expressed: And whereas by an Act passed in the 40 G. j. Fortieth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty intituled, An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to raise Money for completing the said Canal, and to vary the Line of the said Canal; and to alter, explain, and amend, the Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, the said Company of Proprietors are authorized and empowered to raise in Manner therein mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, over and above the said Sum of Two hundred and ninety-one thousand nine hundred Pounds, authorized to be raised by the said first mentioned Act: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have raised on Promissory Notes, under the Common Seal of the said Company, in the Manner and on the Terms and Conditions specified and directed in and by the last-mentioned Act, the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds only or thereabouts, in Part of the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds thereby authorized to be raised, but have not hitherto been able to raise the Residue thereof: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have made great Progress in or towards the completing of the said Canal, Cuts, and Works, and have expended thirein not onlythe whole of the said Sum of Two hundred and ninety-one thousand nine hundred Pounds, authorized to be raised by the said first-mentioned Act (after deducting the Interest by the said Act directed to be paid or allowed to the Subscribers, and the Calls and Proportions of sundry Persons, who are become insolvent and in arrear) but also the Whole of the said herein-before mentioned Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds so as aforesaid raised under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Act: And whereas from the very great Advance in the Price of Labour, and of all Sorts of Materials, the Expences of the said Company have increased very considerably beyond the Estimates made by their Surveyors or Engineers, whereby they have contrafted Debts to a large Amount, which are now due and owing, and which they are at present unable to discharge; and it is expedient that the said Company of Proprietors should be authorized, not only to provide for the Discharge of their said Debts, but also that they should be enabled to finish and complete the Whole of their said Works; and it is also found that the Powers and Provisions of the aforesaid Acts are insufficient for that Purpose: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors,! and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise any such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be found necessary for paying and discharging the Debts owing by the said Company of Proprietors, and such further Debts to'rito'b'^d as they shall contract in the completing of the said Canal, Cuts, and said Acts. Works, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds, (over and above the before mentioned Sums of Two hundred and ninety-one thousand nine hundred Pounds, and One hundred thousand Pounds,

or

Enabling the Company to borrow 70,000l.in Addition to the several Sums they

Ill

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

or so much of the fame Sums as the said Company have been or shall be able to get in and receive; and notwithstanding that the fame two last mentioned Sums have not been wholly raised and received as aforesaid), any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; which said Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds shall be raised by the said Company of Proprietors by Means of creating new or additional Shares, or Part or Parts of Shares in the said Undertaking, and disposing of the same to such Person or Persons, and at such Price or Prices, as to the said Company of Proprietors, or their General Committee for the Time being, shall from Time to Time seem meet and convenient, or by such other Ways and Means, and in such Form and Manner as the said Company of Proprietors, or their General Committee for the Time being, shall from Time to Time think expedient or necessary for that Purpose; and that the respective Proprietors of any Share or Shares, or Part or Parts of any Share or Shares, to be created by virtue of this Act, shall be and become entitled to an equal Share or Division of the Profits of the said Navigation, and to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and be liable to such and the fame Reliriftions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the fame were Part and Parcel of the Shares created in and by the first herein-before mentioned Act, and now vested in the several and respective Proprietors by virtue of the said Act; and the Admission of every Person to any such new Shares, or Part or Parts of Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors, or their General Committee for the Time being as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual Titles to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, on his, her, or their Payment to the said Company of Proprietors of the Purchase Money or Price agreed for the fame; which Monies so to be raised by the Ways and Means aforesaid, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, in the Liquidation and Discharge of the Debts of the said Company of Proprietors, and in finishing and completing the said Canal, Cuts, and Works.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to in case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchase# by virtue 1 ’

of the said Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, for executing the said Acts and this Act; or in case such or jfpersons Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so cannot be awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons en- chafe Money titled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or to be paid in-discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said to the Banks Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m'], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of fibject to the any Person or Persons making. Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or Order of the any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empow- chancery, on ered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Motion or Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in Petition' the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the

Dividends

I 12

Where any Question shall anie touching the Title to the Money to be paid the Person who shall be in Voileftion of the Land, 6V. shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Poileirion unitfs, wc.

The Court of Chancery may order j^aionable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company.

For paying the Expences of this Act} and declaring the fame a publick Ash

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums df Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in possession of such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends and Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such a Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors; and that this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading or setting forth the lame.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

I,

id

if

I-

:o

it

d

o

i

d

i

I

GEORGII III. REGIS.

-* it?*

Cap. 10.

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-feccnd Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Affborne in the County of Derby, to Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rufhton Common, to Congleton in the County of Chester.

[23d March 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Second Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening g. j. the High Road leading from Afnborne in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rufhton Common, to Congleton in the County cfChefter; and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh in the County of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to Buxton near Thorp, in the County of Derby: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in «i.G. 3. ILoc. fc? Per.] Ff the

i*4 44-° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for

repairing and widening the High Road leading from Ashborne in the County ‘ of Derby, to the Town of Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryc-‘ crofc Gate upon Rulhton Common, to Congleton in the County of Chester;

and also the Road leading from Blyth Marsh in the County e/Stafford, through ‘ Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the Turnpike Road from Ashborne to

Buxton near Thorp, in the County of Derby,’ as relates to the District of Road between Ashborne and Congleton; and for repairing the Road from the End of Ashborne Church 2"ard, to the Top of the Dig Street in Ashborne aforesaid: And whereas by virtue and under the Authority of the said Acts, the Trustees have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, within that District of the said Road which leads from Ashborne in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common to Congleton in the County of Chester, and from Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of the Dig Street in Ashborne aforesaid, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said District, but find that the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Monies now owing repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts, and the Powers thereof in respect of the said District, be continued, altered, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Orders, Regulauons, Restrictions, Matters, and Things therein contained, so far as the fame relate to the said District of Road leading from Ashborne in the County of Derby to the Town of Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common to Congleton in the County of Chester, and from Ashborne Church Yard to the Top of the Dig Street in Ashborne afortfaia. (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties), shall be and the same are hereby further continued for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said District of Road, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit thereof respectively, and of this Act, and of the Interest due and to grow due upon the same.

For appoint-

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of

Trustee».l°na' Act, William Ackroyd, Thomas Armett, John Armett, Edmund Antrobus, ’John Antrobus, Philip Antrobus, James Ackers, Joseph Alsop, Thomas Brownfon, John Brownfon, John Buxton of Ballidon, John Booth, Stephen Bond, William Booth, Jonathan Broadhurst, John Beresford, Joseph Bradley of Shaw Banks, Richard Buxton, Thomas Buxton, Samuel Buxton, the Reverend George Buckston, the Reverend Paul Belcher, John Butcher, Hugh Bateman, William Barnes, John Barnes, Edward Barnes, Philip Bainbrigge, John Bainbrigge, John Brown, the Reverend Thomas Bingham, Thomas

Brownfon,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

Brownfon, James Brundred, Benjamin Berrisford, Robert Blcre the younger, Anthony Berresford, Francis Bagfioaw, Anthony Bagfhaw, the younger, John Bagnall, William Badnall, Richard Badnall, Thomas Ball,

C a ft ley, Thomas Chaddock, John Cooper, Toft Chor'.ey, the Re-

verend William Carlifte, Thomas Carr, William Carr, Eli Cope, George Cope, Joseph CoutHyjfe, George Cluloiv, John Ciufo, John Douglas Cooper, Edward Cor den, Robert Dale the younger, Thurstan Dale, Richard Dale, 7«£« Dean, John Downs, Samuel Dawson, 7^w Smith Daintiy, Charles Daintry, Peter Walthall Davenport, Lewis Davies, John Dobjon, Charles Dobson, William Egerton, William Etches of Ashborne, John Evans, William Fletcher, Sir Henry Fitzherbert Baronet, Isaac Faulkner, Joseph Frith the younger, John Fowler, Hugh Ford, John Fynney, Joseph Fletcher, Francis Goodwin, Robert Doxey Goodwin, William Gallimcre, William Gallimore the younger, Thomas Gallimore, John Greenfmitk, Thomas Fenton Grof-venor, Samuel Goodwin, Richard Gaunt, Josiah Gaunt the younger, Arthur Goodwin, John Hayne, Jcfiah Harwar, the Reverend John Heptinjlal!, John Haworth, Richard Hand, Robert Hogg, Thomas Hemsworth, John Hemsworth, William Holyoak, Samuel Harlow, Francis Hurd, Thomas Hurd, Henry Heyward, James Hulme Doctor of Medicine, Samuel Hil-ditch, Edward Hordern, John Haywood, Charles Hall, William Jack[on, George Jelley, John John Jon, Henry Jones, Richard Kenyon, George Ridgeway Killmijler, Thomas Knight, Joseph Leafon, John Langford, Thomas Lockett, William Lownds, Owen Lloyd, Wild am Lcwnds of Sandbatch, John Lockett, James Lucas, Thomas Laugharn, Samuel Lucas, Joseph Lay, Edward Miller Munday, Thomas Majkery of Norbury, Thomas Majkery of Little Park, Samuel Mellor, William Malbon, Richard Myatt, Thomas Mottram, John Matchett, Janies Mayer, the Reverend Fairfax Norcliffe, Edward Nicolls, Edward Nicolls the younger, Houghton Farmer Gke-over, Samuel Powell, John Foliol Powell, Nathaniel Maxey Pattison, John Plant, John Pidcock, Thomas Pidcock, Samuel Reader Parkes, William Peach, the Reverend Edward Powys, William Peak, Thomas Phillips, Thomas Phillips the younger, George Pratt, George Read, William Read, William Riidefden, James Riidlcflcn, John Richardson, the Reverend George Roe, the Reverend John Rogers, the Reverend Samuel Shipley, Thomas Smith, John Shackerley, Thomas Slate, William Sleigh, John Smith, W.lliam Sutton, William Smith of Mathfield, David Shaw, William Smith of Tijjington, John Sutton, John Sneyd, William Sneyd, John Sleigh, Richard Sleigh, Nathan Sutton, Thomas Sutton of Leek, Humphry Thompfcn, John Thompson, Enoch Tompkinson, Richard Tomlinson, George Thompson, John Vandre, William Webjler, Edward Cheney Winjlow, Edward Walker the younger, Jervis Wood, John Wood, William White, Philip Waterfield, the Reverend John Webb, Charles Watkins, Randle Wilbraham, John Wilkinson, JonSlhanWajhington, Henry Whitfield, Thomas Whitfield, the Reverend Samuel Williamson, Henry Wefi, Francis West, John Wool-lifcroft, Richard Whillock, Charles West on, Barnett Toing, and Samuel 2'oung, shall be added to and joined With the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said former Acts for putting the said former Acts, so far as relates to the said Diittid of Road, and this present Act in Execution , and the Trustees herein nominated and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, are hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of so much of the said former Acts as relates to the said District of Road and of this present Act, as fully and

effectually

116

No Trustee to a&in appointing Officers, unless he attended a Meeting within JTwoYears.

Present Tolls xepealed.

New Tolls.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been appointed Trustees by the said recited AGs or either of them.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after the Expiration of One Year from the Commencement of this Act no Trustee shall be capable of voting in the Appointment of any Clerk or other Officer in pursuance of this Act or the said recited AGs, unless he shall have been appointed at or shall have attended some Meeting of the said Trustees, within the Space of Two Years next preceding the Appointment of such Officer.

IV. And whereas the Tolls by the said recited AG of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty authorized to be taken on the said District of Road, have been found inefficient effectually to maintain and repair the fame, and pay the Interest of the Money borrowed; be ic therefore enacted, That, from and after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, all and every the Tolls granted by the said recited Act shall be and are hereby repealed, and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time authorize or appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse or other Cattle, Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, now erected and fee up, or hereafter to be erected and set up, by virtue of the said recited AGs or either of them, and of this AG on the said District of Road, such Tolls as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, not being less than the Tolls hereby repealed, and not exceeding the several and respective Sums of Money herein-afeer mentioned; that is to say.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calaffi, Chaise, or Chair, upon Four Wheels, drawn by Six or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by less than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling:

For every Curricle, Calaffi, Chaise, or Chair, upon Two Wheels drawn by Two or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, Eight-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, Sixpence:

For every Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof. Four Shillings; with Wheels of the Surface of Sixteen Inches, Two Shillings; or upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Two Shillings:

For every Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Sole thereof, drawn by Four or more than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, Three-pence; and for every Cart, Wain, or Carriage, upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Sixpence:

For every Waggon, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid, Four Shillings; and for

44° GEORGII III. Cap. io. 117

for every Waggon upon Wheels rolling a Surface of Eleven Inches on each Side, Two Shillings:

For every Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Three or Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, Eight-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, Four-pence:

For every Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by any Horse or Horses, or Bead or Beasts of Draught, Four Shillings; and for every Cart,

Wain, or other such Carriage with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing. One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trusteesto and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause to be totakefur*her levied and collected, at the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates now erected ToiionSna-^nd set up, or hereafter to be erected and set up, upon the said Didrid of dny*-Road, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall authorize or appoint for that Purpose, such Tolls as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, not exceeding Double the Tolls by this Act granted, for every Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage as aforesaid, pading on every Sunday through the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, (except such Horses or other Beads or Carriages as shall be used and employed in carrying or conveying Milk only); and from Time to Time to alter or vary the fame in such Manner as they shall deem expedient, so as not to be less than the Tolls herein-before granted, nor more than the said Double Toll: Provided always, that no Alteration shall1 be made in the said Sunday Tolls, unless at a Meeting of the Trustees to be held for that Purpose, of which Meeting and the Time and Place of holding the fame, Notice in Writing signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, have been affixed on all the Turnpike Gates erected G.i the said Roads, and inserted in some Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the said Counties, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting shall be held.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Toll* verted in Tolls hereby granted shall be, and the same are hereby veded in the said ra ees" Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered,

levied, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers as are contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, with respect to the {Lee. & Per.] C g Tolls

nB 44° GEORGII ll\\ ~ Cap.*iQ,

Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, but subject nevertheless to this Act, and the Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions herein contained.

taken t0u*li ^>rov'<^e^ always, and be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall and

"* en £<1U‘ they are hereby directed and required, in fixing, and also from Time to Time in altering or varying the said Tolls hereby granted, to fix, alter, and vary the fame, so as that such Tolls shall be fixed and at ali Times demanded and taken in an equal Degree, at each of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads, whereat Tolls shall be ordered or authorized to be collected and taken, and so as that no higher Toll shall be demanded or taken at any One or more of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, whereat Tolls shall be so demanded and taken, than at the others or other of them j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Central

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded cr

exemptions, jaken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the.Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Compoff, or Manures, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vificing any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated , or- for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprelTes, or in returning back from conveying the lame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal PalTes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Ca-lalh. Chair, or Passenger on Horleback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for

ii9

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and Chester, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent orcol-lufive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling1:, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal any Exemptions from or Abatements of Toll granted by the said recited Acts or either of them, except as herein specially directed.

IX. And whereas, in and by the Paid Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is among other Things enacted, that no Toll should be demanded or taken at any Gate, erected or to be erected, between the Middle of Dane Henjhaw Bridge and the Town of Congleton, for any Coal, Lime, Peat, or Turf, provided the Road leading from the said Town of Congleton to the Middle of the said Bridge should be repaired and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the Inhabitants of the Township of Congleton: And whereas the said Exemptions were intended only to extend to the Inhabitants of the said Township, in Consideration of the Expence they would incur in repairing and maintaining the said Road; be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Exemptions shall be and are hereby repealed, and that from thenceforth none of the Inhabitants of the Township of Congleton shall be subject or liable to the Payment of Toll at any Gate or Turnpike, erected or to be erected, between the said Town of Congleton and the Middle of Dane Henjhaw Bridge, for any Horse or Carriage laden with Coal, Lime, Peat or Turf, provided the said Road shall at all Times be effectually repaired and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the Inhabitants of the said Township, in such Manner as the same shall be directed by any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Chester, in case any Complaint shall be made to them of the State and Condition of the said Road, by or on the Part of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or make payable, any Tolls or Rates at any Turnpike Gate or Gates now erected or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, for any Horses, Carts, or Carriages, going to or returning loaded or conveying Lime from the Works of John Egerton Esquire, in Newbold AJlbeny, in the County of Chester, to or from Dane Henjhaw Bridge, or to or from the Town of Congleton, or going to or returning loaded with Coals from the Collieries of Matter John Johnson in the Hamlet of Stadmorejlow, in the County of Stafford, late the Property of John Ford Esquire, to and from Dane Henjhaw Bridge, or to or from the Town of Congleton; any Thing contained in this Act or the said recited Acts to the contrary notwith-standing.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise concerning the said Tolls, or the

Repeal of Exemptions of Toll on Coals, &c. between Dane Henjha'w Bridget and Congleton,

and granting others in lieu thereof.

Exempting Coals and Lime from Toll on certain Parts of the Road.

Collectors

competent

WitnessTes.

I 20

Enabling Trustees to set out Gardens to Toll Houses, and take pefleflion of To 1 Gates when let to Farm.

Penalty on assaulting Persons in the Execution of this Act,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

the Recovery thereof, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the Paid Trustees, shall be, and they and each of them are and is hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of their being a Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, if they think proper, cause a convenient Piece of Ground for a Garden to be set out to every Toll House ereSed or to be erected on the said Diflrict of Road, by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, and this Act; and that in case the Tolls arising from all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said District of Road, shall at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, be demised or let to Farm to any Person- or Persons whomsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers to whom the said Tolls shall be respectively demised or let, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be lo demised or let, or in cale the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear for the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Agreement for letting the lame, then and in either of the said Cases, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, shall be at Liberty, and they and he are and is hereby authorized to enter into and upon the Possession of the Toll Floufe and Toll Houses, with the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, so letten as aforesaid, and (to remove and put out such Lessee and Lessees, Farmer and Farmers, from the Possession thereof and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable, and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, if they shall think fit, to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes, (save as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved), as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons in the same Manner as if no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into relative to the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall affaulr, interrupt, hinder, or disturb, or cause, promote, or encourage to be assaulted, interrupted, hindered, or disturbed the Collectors of the Tolls or any of them, or the Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Person or Persons employed by them, or either of them respectively, or by the said Trustees or any of them, in the Execution of any Part of the said recited Acts or this Act, every such Person Grail for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; which Penalties shall be applied towards the Repairs of the said Road, and shall be recovered in such Manner as the other Penalties are by the

121

44° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them directed to be recovered.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Monies shal] be agreed Directing the or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, ^Pcompen-purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts ration Money, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Cor- whtn loo/* poration, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Accounr, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Monies shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments,

(landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Monies shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilling undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so where !efi awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any teeding"/. Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity , as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to [Lor. Per.] H b the

122 44° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (Inch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

Where left

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money than zol. f0 agreed or awarded to be paid as nexc before mentioned, shall be leis than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents ai.d Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefic of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuar.ee of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession; and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawlully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation,

Eipences of entitled

Where any Question shall arise touching i he Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, etc. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession.

The Court may order reasonable

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 10. 123

entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased Purchases to

under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money Trustee*!

for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Ptirchafes from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of the Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the nc-

ceflary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said

Trustees who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for

such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to in case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case the Person or Persons, to whom any such Sum or or If Pc-fonc Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if cannot be the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, cha^Money be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may to be paid into be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to the Bank’> order the Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m); subject to the Order, Controul, and subjecttothe Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, the

on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum chancery, on or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, e1' as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Efface or Effaces,

Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for whac and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XX. And whereas by an Act made in the Sixth Year of His present Foraddinj Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges in the County of Stafford, /sUttoxeter, and from Spath to the Half " to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall’s Lane to Yoxall Bridge in the said County, the Trustees for executing the said Act, made in the Second Year spath, to the of His present Majesty's Reign, were authorized and required to amend, ,

widen, divert, and repair, so much of the Road leading from Hanging and Co/gUton, Bridge in the Parish of Mathfield, in the County of Stafford, towards the &c'

Royal Oak at Spath in the County of Stafford, as would make One Half

thereof

124

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

thereof in Length, and certain Povveis were inferred in the said Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to the said Read between Hanging Bridge and the Half Way from thence to the Royal Oak at Spath, in the County of Stafford aforesaid: And whereas the Trustees for executing the said Acts, so far as relate to the District of Road between Ashborne and Congleton, have in purl’uance of the Powers given to them by the said Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, constantly amended and kept in Repair the said Road between Hanging Bridge and the Half Way from thence to the Royal Oak at Spath aforesaid; be it further enacted, That the said Road from , Hanging Bridge to the Half Way from thence to the Royal Oak at Spath aforesaid shall, during the Continuance of the Term granted by the said recited Acts of the Second and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and during the Term by this Act granted, continue under the Controul and Jurililiftion of the said Trustees, and continue united to and made Part of the said District of Road from Ashborne to Congleton, under the fame Provisions and Regulations as are prescribed in and by the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for and concerning the said Road from Hanging Bridge to the Half Way from thence to the Royal Oak in Spath aforesaid.

Ro^Aa"*"

XXI. And whereas by an Act made in the Second Year of His present *G. 3. ar.ddi- Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering rectsthecon- the Road from Sandon in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy in the Payment l^e County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and of the Propor from Wetley Rocks to Tean, in the County of Stafford, the Trustees for inTheCdd Act execut'ng the said Act were directed, in case any Gate or Turnpike should mention.d. be erected by virtue thereof, upon any Part of the Road between Leek

and the Turning off from the Macclesfield Road towards Congleton, upon Rufhton Common, to pay yearly to the Trustees of the said District of Road from Ashborne to Congleton, One-fourth Part of the Tolls to be collected at such Gate, after deducling the Charges of erecting such Turnpike and collecting such Tolls, to be by them laid out in the Repair of the Road from Rufhton Common to Congleton aforesaid: And whereas the said Act has been continued by two Acts made in the Twenty-third and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; be it enacted, That the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts shall, during the Continuance of the Term thereof, pay or cause to be paid to the Trustees of the said District of Road from Ashborne to Congleton, the said Fourth Part of the Tolls so to be collected at such Gate, in such Manner as is directed in and by the said recited Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Penalty on

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons driving fakiK^acts. ing any Pigs or Swine upon the said District of Road, or any Part thereof, shall suffer the same to flop upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, or to root up and damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Backings, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving or riding upon any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, carrying Cans, Crates, or Panniers, shall not keep the said Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, on the Left Hand Side of the said Road; or if any Person

*25

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. ro.

shall make or affilt in making any Fire or Fires, commonly called Bonfires* or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, or Fireworks whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Road, or within Forty Yards from the same; or shall wheel any Wheel-barrow or Wheel-barrows upon any Footway adjoining the said Road, or any Part thereof; or shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing, upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, to be made into Manure, or shall ferape off the fame any Mud, Soil, Matter, or Thing, which shall be or lie upon any Parts of the said Road, with an Iron Rake or other Instrument with sharp Points, or shall pull or force up any Stones or other Parts of the Pavement on the said Road, to the Damage thereof; or shall lay down any Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Road or any Part thereof; or shall otherwise obstruct or impede the Passage upon the said Road or any Part thereof; or shall turn out any Horles, Cows, or other Cattle, Mules, Asses, or Swine, upon the said Road or any Part thereof, or into the Lanes or Ditches adjoining the lame (except where the said Road or any Part thereof passes over any open Common), every Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor Iefs than Ten Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner as other Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines are, by the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XXIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame ESeft, as the Case may happen; (that is to say),

‘ . a nE it remembered. That on the Day of

t To wit. ID in tf,c year of our L0Id A.B. is

c convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of [here specify the Offence, and the Time and

‘ Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Cafemay be\

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above mentioned.’ C. D.’

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Colt', Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies arilen or to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, within the said District of Road between Ashborne and Congletcn aforesaid, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever; and in calc any Person or Pedons shall advance and pay any Money for the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, such Person or Persons shall be repaid the fame, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[Lee. & Per.] Ii XXVI. And

Summary Form of Conviction.

Form of Conviction.

Expences of Act liowto be paid.

Publick A<3.

126

Commencement and Continuation of the Term.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, so far as relate to the said Piltrift of Road, shall, upon the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, cease and determine; and that the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Distriftof Road, and this Act (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before mentioned), shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*t

Cap. ir.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, passed in the Nineteenth and Thirty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Nineteenth Year of the ‘fG-ji Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for repealing several Acts, made in the Thirteenth Tear of King George the First, and the Fourth and Twenty-third Tears of His late Majesty, relating to the/aid Roads:

And whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Perm, 3jg,2i and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended and k.'-pt in Repair, unless the said Acts are altered and amended, and the Tolls incrcaled: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent [Loc. b* Per.'] K k Majesty,

130

Add'tion.tl Tiuftec. (or ll>e Wn>an Bjltrict.

Additional TrutUe* for thf fnjhm

Ciltrict.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual anti Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authhority of the fame. That John Aston the younger, Robert Alder-say of Wigan, James Brown of Wigan, the Reverend John Braithwaile of Uphollnnd, Thomas Ball of Wigan, Henry Bankes of Wigan, Janus Bolton of Wigan, Butcher, James Bolton of Wigan, Thomas Blinkham, Robert Bullock of Wigan, Richard Wilbrakam Bootle, James Birch, George Barton of Haigh, William Barrow of Wigan, Meyrick Holme Banks, Peter Brown of Worthington, Roger Bolton of Wigan, Geoffrey Burchtil of Afpull, Robert

Banks of Holme-House, Samuel Biggins of Haigh,----- Cockran of Hyton,

Elias Chadwick the younger, Strethill Chadwick, Thomas Chadwick, James

Cardwell, William Canncc of Wigan, ----- Ellam of Standish, William

Eccies of Wigan, ----- Fisher of Wigan, William Farrington of Shaw Hall,

Richard Fairbrother of Wigan, Richard Fisher German, Thomas Gajkell, William Gajkell, John Greenhough of Haigh, the Revetend Page Godfrey, John Halliburton, Henry Blundell Hollinfhead, William Hilton of Wigan, William

Hill of Blythe Hall,----- Hart of Haigh, William Hart of lnce, John

Hegs of Afpull, John Hawarden of Wigan, John Hub ter t of Blackrod, James Hawarden, Timothy Lee Hargreaves, Peter Hopwood of Wigan, John Johnson of Arley,----- Jones of Parkhall, John Jones of Haigh, Edward

Kearjley the younger of Hutton, Edward Newman Kerfhay, J. H. Kearjley, Edward Kearjley of Hutton, James Kearjley the younger of Hutton, Joftah Kearjley of Hutton, Lord Lindsay, Jeffrey Langjhaw, Henry Lomax of Wigan, Alexander Holt Leigh, Roger Holt Leigh, Thomas Lyon, George Lyon, William Lyon of Wigan, James Leigh of Barkbill, John Lee, George Lee of Blackrod, the Honourable Charles Lindsay, John Leverjage, Richard Percival Moulfon, Thomas Moore of Wigan, the Reverend Strensham Masters, Lawrence Marfden, Thomas Marfden, Thomas Newsham of Wigan, John Penfon of Wigan, Thomas Prescott of Wigan, Henry Peel of Wigan, Ifaae Pennington of Blackrod, Thomas Ridgeway the elder of Horwich, Thomas Ridgeway the younger of Horwich, Joseph Ridgeway of Horwich, W. Rob'tnfon of Upholland, W. Roper of Wigan, Thomas Radcliffe of Haigh, Nehemiah Roby of Wigan, William Rogers of Afpull, Thomas Stanley, Samuel Singleton, John Stopforth the younger, James Scott, John Swan,

Ojksll Sumner, ----- Strickland of Sizer, Richard T) rer of Blackrod,

Richard Topping, James Taylor of IVigan, James Tennant of Wigan, Samuel Walker of Afpull, William Wright of Wigan, John Ward of Wigan, John Walmesley ot Wigan, John Walmesley the younger of Wigan, and Charles Walmesley of Westwcod, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Committee of Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the Laid last-recited Act, for managing such Parts of the said Roads as lie between the Toll Bars in or near the Standish Gate Street, in the Town of Wigan and Yarrow Bridge, which divides the Townships of Duxbury and Chorley, and all'o between the Boar’s Head in Longer ee ana Pincock Bridge, in the Township of Charnock Richard: And that David Ainsworth of Preston, Miles Ainfcough of Clayton, James Ainfcough of Clayton, John Ainfcough of Clayton, William Ainjworth of Brindle, John Butler, James Blanchard of Preston, Edward Wilbraham Bootle, John Boardman, William Banks, Thomas Banks, William Bashall, Wdliam Brade the younger, Thomas Brade, Thomas Barton, Robert Banks, Richard Banks, Thomas Burgess, William Blackledge, Edward Clayton, George Clayton the younger, Thomas Clayton, Christopher Clayton, John Clayton, William Clayton, the Reverend George Clarkfou. James Carr, Paul Catterall, John Dalton the

younger,

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. it, i3t

younger, Edward Forfhew, Thomas Garjlar.g, Robert Garjtang, Joseph Har-nfon, Sir Thomas Dalrymple Hefktth, Brook Hollirjhead, Edmund Ledge, Jonathan Lodge, Joseph Myers, Edward Martin, Richard Martin the younger,

William Millner, Richard Pilkington, William Ormerod Pilkington, John Parke, John Pickering, the Reverend Robert Rawjlorne, John Ryley, Edward Rodgett, John Slartifant, John Swainson, Joseph Slater, John Win-Jlanley, Thomas Walmsley, Richard Walmsley, Thomas Wilson Banker,

Foster Whitehead, Frederick Whitehead, and Thurslan Wtggaus, shall be and they are hereby aaded to and joined with the Committee of Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said last-recited Act, for managing such Parts of the said Roads as lie between Yarrow Bridge and Pincock Bridge aforesaid respectively, and the Toll Bars in Church Street, in the Town of Preston; and the said respective Trustees herein nominated, and their respective Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said last-recited Act, are hereby authorized and empowered to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually as if they had been appointed Committee Men by the said last-recited Act.

II. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts are infus- Tolls r<-p«au ficient for the Purpose of maintaining and supporting the said Roads, be and ot|«r* it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of May One g ant thousand eight hundred and four, the said Toils shall be and are hereby repealed , and that instead thereof, there shall be demanded and taken at every Gate or Turnpike now erected or to be erected on the said Roads, or any or either of them, before any Carriage or Cattle whatsoever shall be permitted to pass through the fame, such Tolls as the said respective Committees shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the several and respective Sums of Money herein-after mentioned; (that is to

say).

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Phaeton, Calash,

Curricle, Caravan, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Hones or other Beasts cf Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chaise or Chair, or other such Carriage, with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horles or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Hori’e or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every laden Waggon, or other such like Carriage, with Four Wheels, and having the Sole or Tire of the Wheels of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every unladen Waggon, or other such like Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by any Number of Horses or other Beasts of Draughr, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every laden Waggon, or other such like Carriage, with Four Wheels, and having the Sole or Tire of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches, and lc£s than Nine Inches, drawn by Six Horses or

*32

44' GEORGII III. Cap. n.

other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Four or any less Number of Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

For every unladen Waggon, or other such like Carriage as last aforesaid, drawn by any Number of Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, or other such like Carriage, with Four Wheels, and having the Sole or Tire of the Wheels of the Breadth cf Nine Inches, and less than Sixteen Inches, drawn by Eight Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence , and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horles or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every laden Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, with Two Wheels, having the Sole or Tire of the Wheels of less Breadth or Gauge than Six Inches, and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence , and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every unladen Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage as lad aforesaid, drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horfts or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse or other Bead of Draught, drawing any laden Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Sole or Tire of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches and less than Nine Inches, the Sum of Four-pence; and if unladen, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any laden Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Sole or Tire of the Wheels of the Breadth or Gauge of Nine Inches, and less than Sixteen Inches, the Sum of Three-pence; and if unladen, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage with Two Wheels, and the Sole or Tire of the Wheels rolling a Surface of Sixteen Inches, drawn by any Number of Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby declared to be veded in the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, and they, or any Seven or more of them, or the said respective Committees, or any Five or more of them, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities,

*33

44° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

thorities, and Remedies for mortgaging, transferring, leafing, and compounding for the Tolls hereby granted or made payable-, and the same shall and may be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in the same Manner, and subject to the fame Regulations, as in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are given and expressed with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken General Ex. for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horles, employed in emptiom. carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay,

Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horles, employed in carrying er conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Comport, or Manures, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; or from any Perl’on going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresscs, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Partes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot,

Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Lancaster, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collurtve Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal any Exemptions from or Abatements of Toll granted by the said recited ACtsor either of them, except as herein specially directed.

[.Loc.&Per.l LI

134 44° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

for'iron s"one *c further enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, and Carriages,

passing to carrying or conveying Iron Stone from any Lands laying near the said

Works1" R°acki ar>d passing through the Turnpike Gate in Wigan Lane to Haigh

Iron Works, shall be only charged with Half the Tolls payable by virtue of this Act, on Waggons, Carts, and Carriages.

Tmftees may V. And whereas the said Trusteesare by the said Acts retrained as to erect addi- the Number and Situation of the Turnpike Gates to be erected on the pik"|lTurn* Roads, and it is proper that the said Trustees should be empowered to erect other Gates or Turnpikes upon the said Roads, or across any Road leading into the fame , be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, the Committee for the Care of the Preston Roads shall be, and are hereby authorized and empowered to cause a Gate or Turnpike to be erected in, upon, or across the said Roads, within One hundred Yards of the Lane leading from the said Roads to the Town of Brindle, and also a Side Gate or Turnpike at the End of the said Lane; and also another Gate in, upon, or across the said Roads at such Place betwixt the Fifth and Sixth Mile Stones between Pincock Bridge and Preston, as the said Committee shall think proper, and to cause a Toll House to be erected adjoining to each such Gate or Turnpike; and to inclose such Part of the said Roads, or of any Waste Land adjoining thereto, as they shall think proper, not exceeding Half an Acre, to be used as a Garden to every such Toll House; and the Tolls hereby granted shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered at every Gate or Turnpike so to be erected as aforesaid, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame, under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and Provisions as the Tolls payable at any Gate or Turnpike already erected on the said Roads, can or may be collected, levied, and recovered, and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like Manner as is directed by the said Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to the Tolls payable on the said Roads.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, for which the Tolls hereby granted shall have been paid either at the Gate or Turnpike at Walton, or at the Gate or Turnpike at Hartford Green, shall on the same Day, (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), be permitted to pass and return any Time or Times through the Gate or Turnpike to be erected across the said Roads within One hundred Yards of the Lane leading to the Town of Brindle, or through the aforesaid Side Gate or Turnpike, without being subject to the Payment of any other or further Toll , and that all Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, for which the Tolls hereby granted shall have been paid at either of the Two last mentioned Gates or Turnpikes, shall on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid), be permitted to pass and return any Time or Times through either of the Gates or Turnpikes at Walton or Hartford Green, without being subject to the Payment of any other or further Toll.

VII. Provided also, that all Horses, Cattle, and Carriages for which the Tolls hereby granted shall have been paid either at the Gate or Turnpike at Pincock Bridge, or at the Gate or Turnpike at Walton, shall on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid), be permitted to pass and return any Time or Times through the Gate or Turnpike to be erected between

Restraining the Payment of TolIs at certain Gates.

*35

44° GEORGII III. Cap. u.

the Fifth and Sixth Mile Stones on the Road between Pincock Bridge and Preston, without being subject to the Payment of any other or further Tell; and that all Hories, Cattle, and Carriages for which the Toll* hereby granted Pnall have been paid at the lait mentioned Gate or Turnpike, shall on the same Day (to be computed as aforesaid), be permitted topafs and return any Time or Times through either of the said Gates or Turnpikes at Pincock Bridge or Walton, without being subject to the Payment of any other or further Toll; the several Persons who shall have paid the Tolls at such respective Gates or Turnpikes producing Tickets to denote the Payment thereof, (which Tickets the respective Collectors are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Tolls).

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Stage Coach or other Carriage travelling for Hire, and every Waggon, Wain, or Cart being respectively laden, shall be charged with the Tolls hereby granted for each Time they shall pass in the fame Direction in the Course of any One Day, (to be computed as aforesaid), through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the said Roads (except as herein-before excepted).

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Waggons or other Four-wheeled Carriages, the Wheels or Axletrees whereof shall be so constructed as to be capable of rolling Two or more Surfaces, shall be charged with Toll and permitted to carry Weight according to the Breadth of the flat Surface of the Fellies of the narrowed of the Wheels thereof; and all Waggons or other Four-wheeled Carriages which shall have the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of different Breadths, shall be liable to pay Toll, and have Allowance of Weight according to the Breadth of the narrowed of the Wheels of any such Waggon or Four-wheeled Carriage.

X. And whereas by the said last recited Act it is among other Things enacted, that One Third Part of the Tolls to be collected on the said Roads should be applied by the Trustees at large in such Manner as therein is mentioned: And whereas it would be attended with great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons residing near and travelling the said Roads, if a Fund was provided for enabling the Trustees at large to divert, turn, and improve the said Roads , be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at large, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, yearly and every Year, to set apart and appropriate the Sum of Six hund.red Pounds out of the One Third Part of the Tolls hereby granted, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, until the same shall amount to the Sum of Four thousand two hundred Pounds; One Half of which shall be applied in diverting, turning, or improving the Roads in the Prejion Didrid, and the other Half in diverting, turning, or improving the Roads in the Wigan Didricf, in such Manner as the said Committees respectively, or any Five or more of them, shall order and direct: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committees respectively, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Fund, and pay the Intered thereof out of the Share of the Tolls applicable to the Repair of the Roads within the said Districts respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committees of Trustees may order the Footpaths upon the Sides of the said Roads, or any Part

thereof

Laden Carriages to be charged each Time they pass in the lame Direction.

Regulating Toll on Carriages rolling Two or more Surfaces.

Providing a Fuad for divesting the Road.

For preferring Footpaths-

136 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

thereof, to be from Time to Time supported and kept in Repair, and others to be made and maintained where necessary and proper; and if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horle, Cattle, or Carriage upon the said Footpaths, every Person or Persons shall, for such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor lei's than Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the Penalties imposed by the said recited Acts are directed to be recovered and applied; any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Com^niuion '3e further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or

whereexeced- awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, ing zoo/. or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in the said recited Acts particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there etc parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or assessing other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and in veiled, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchasecf, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments lo hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Appllication where the Com pen (at ion does not exceed zoo/, nor lets than ao /.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation,

137

44° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

ration, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing undtr their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option), to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Directitjn or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act or the said recited Acts, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be fb awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m); subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dif-

[£«.&? Ptr.~\ M m tribution

Application where the Money is less than 20 /

In case of not making out Titles;

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Hank;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

138

Where any QjjcHion shall arils touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Po!)ession of the Lands, etc. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purch.-fes to be paid by the Trustee*.

For paying the Expencei of this Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. ir.

tribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Older in the Premilts as to the said Court shall seem gift and reasonable; and the Caflvier or Calhirrs of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annu ties, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of >he said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, arid disposed of accordingly, unless ic shall be made appear to the said Court that such Pofttflion was a wrongful Possession; and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Dies, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchas'es from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reason,.ble, together with the ne-cdlary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by che said Trusttes, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Acr, shall be defrayed out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them, or out of the First Monies to be ra.fed by virtue of the said former Acts and th;s Acr, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act; and as such be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

*39

[Publick Act.]

to JEMttl'i mjli.J <.:im it tn 3: \ J-Hfdubsad qi nibi biu

' ''? .1 |t i '..i t: it.vii. . in h it tvft- , f is <<S

.. r:k: vr'T ? ! . ’

i. l; . ! < i

- o

v

vv

ANNO QTJADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 12.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Third and Twenty-third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, so far as the fame relate to ' the Third District of Roads therein mentioned.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His 3 Geo. j. present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford:

And whereas by One other Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and amend- *3 Geo-3-ing an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford; and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford; certain Toil* were made payable, and certain Powers and Authorities given to the Trustees therein named, for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the Three several Distri&s of Roads therein mentioned: And whereas the Trustees for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Woodcote near Newport, through Shiffnal to Bridgnorth in the said County of Salop,being The Third District of Roads in the said recited Acts mentioned, have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers by the said recited Acts given to them, and have borrowed \Loc. ist Per.] N n considerable

142

Former Acts continued.

V

Trustees of the present Act appointed.

Collecto'S of Tolls to be competent Witnesses.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said recited Acts granted and arising within the said Third District; which Sums (till remain due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads therein mentioned, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things, in the said recited Acts contained, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads slave and except such Parts of the same as relate to the Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such Parrs thereof as are varied, altered, or repealed), and also this present Act, shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, and shall extend and have Relation to the repairing, amending, and widening the said Third District of Roads, and to all Mat.ters and Things in the said recited Acts contained, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said additional Term shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or either of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said I hird District of Roads, and of this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That ’John Bache of Wyken, Arthur Baker, Richard Baker Junior, William Bates Clerk, William Bates Mercer, Thomas Boulton Junior, Ralph Browne, Wylde Browne, William Botjisld, Thomas Cherrington of Kemberton, Thomas Dethick Clerk, Edward Gat-tacre Junior, Sir Stephen Glynn Baronet, Peter Harding, Josiah Harding, John Jafpcr, Thomas JeJfon, Richard Molineux, Richard Phillips, Thomas Roden, William Smith, Richard Slaney Clerk, Robert Smith Clerk, John Wood, and Samuel Smith, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner by the said recited Acts, or One of them, directed, are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees for the said Third District of Roads nominated or appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads, and this Act, into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Keftiidions.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall not be disqualified from giving

Evidence

143

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, or Wool not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Lime, Contpost, or Manures employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving l ands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pallure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on any Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die, and be buried in any of the said Pavilhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other , his parochial or ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Palfes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Elc&ion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Salop, or of any Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town of Bridgnorth on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collu-five Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the

Powers

General

Exemptions.

Application of Compen-lation if amounting to tool.

144

Application ot Compensation if less than zoo/, and exceeding

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Powers of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads, or of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, B'.xecutor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, {landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the

Lands,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads, and this Att (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than wi

Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to than*o/. the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy* then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons in case of not to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads, or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or or if Perron* in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money cannot be shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or d,""e Money Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not to be paid known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \describing the m~\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispo- subject to the fition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, Order of the on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum chancery, on or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be Motion or and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or other- Pewiu"' wife, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof,

[Lar. fa* Per.~\ 0 0 os

*4$

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid to the Person who shall be in Pvflession of the Land, *5V. at the Time of such Pur-cnafe, lie shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such PolFef-(ion, unless Surveyors, etc.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Ordet- in the Premises as to the Paid Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Motley, mentioning and speftfying for what and for whose Use the fame is or aTe received, to such-Person for Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money liito the B&nk as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted,- That where any Qtoeftion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, hi the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, foT the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements^ or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads, or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any fufh Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such PosselTioft, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or ThterdV of the Bank Annu'ties to be purchased with such Mortey, and a;lfo the-‘Capital Of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any may crd"'y Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled

fsxonabie to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the

arthafers to Authority of the said recited Acts, dr either of them, so far as the fame hs paid by the relate to the said Third District of Roads, or of this Act, the Purchase Trustees. Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the likeTJfes in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much cf such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of themj out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Third District of Roads, or of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Application of Money.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this . io Act,

147

44-° GEORG 11 IIL Cap. il>

Act, shall, in the First Place, be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts on the said Third Dillrift of Roads therein mentioned, or out of the First Monies borrowed, recdved, or collected, by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and the Inteieft thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, Public’s A <5, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices* and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Co'"tmaenjce' take place from and after the passing thereof* and shall be in Force and cJminuance have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and of the Act. from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804*

» 4

' . ... ... . n M -

'^S t, sn'iiv i(rt vc. »rti Tiiftc-'t

1 i axjJ . ,i

4. j-i . »l«i.:

h'ip,rn> 1 xi twiA JjX

'< ’ . ! I).

, I I ' fd 'I >«. ' j 3:

sdj ijttiLi 'c <IL.ijs<p

" ' , V... . .> j.-.f io i ( I J vaiiob . A

,'u\: i; :.i.i tr.-.il rr) I ? t «\ v- ..re;

'.Cju^jjar? r "rr?*. !u*t

: ' ;nh~: r: KO.U.

: " . - l

>0

oft

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

- i; ! - ' '*

Cap. i

An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Roads

=:from the Hand and Post at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and Post in the Parish of Wi-thington, in the County of Gloucester.

[3d May 1804.]

1! G, *. ani

WHEREAS an Act was rr.ade in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Poll at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and also the Road from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, to the Hand and Port in the Parish of Dowdeswell, in the County of Gloucester: And *;G 3.r:-whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign Clt'a of His present Majesty, for continuing and amending the said recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty, lb far as the fame relates to the Roads from the Hand and Post at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Slew on the Wold, and ftom thence to Paddle Brook, and from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and Post in the Parish of Withingtan, in the County [Lee. & Per.j] P p " of1-

I

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

of Gloucester: And whereas the Trustees, acting in the Execution of the said Acts, have made great Progress in repairing and widening the said last-mentioned Roads j and considerabl? Sums of Money, borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, now remain due, which cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as relate to such last-mentioned Roads, be further continued: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties,) so far as the fame relate to the Roads from the Hand and Poji at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and PoJl, in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted; and that this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due, and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or hereafter to be borrowed upon the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

For allowing

II. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or mtifrom taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying. Tolls. or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying,

having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townftiips or Parishes in which any Parc of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold ordisposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry j or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person going to, or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, 01 other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die, and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to

150

Acts further continued.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 151

la be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His MajestA P ft Master General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding furh Mails or Exprefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame-, or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Ai ms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Bealt employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Paries, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Oxford, and Warwick, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts when amounts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Cor- ingtoaoot. poration. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affedling the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments,

(landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Appli- . cation theicto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time,

and

15 2

Application where the Compensation Money is less than soo/. and exceeds *0/.

Application where the Money is hfs than a ol.

In calc of not making out Titles;

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so hereby directiled to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name fnd with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept

‘the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as afore-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 153

said, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands,

Grounds or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in found, pUr-every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, cha,= or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, Bank"' ° so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (describing the m')-, subject to the Order, subject to the Controul, and Dil’position of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court courto/ciun-of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to ctry.on Mo-such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall or be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way cf Proceeding, or other- ' wife, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rrfpeclive Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just 2nd reasonable; and the Cashier or Cartuers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques- Respeaingdif-tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid puteUTuie*. into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited AGs or this AG, for the Purchase of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited AGs or this AG, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by Reason of courtofchan. any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled "Jjyp‘a°

to any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Autho- ct Expencei. rity of the said recited AGs or this AG, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Heieuitaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited AGs or this AG, it shall belaw-

ILtc. Isf Per.] & q fill

154

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

ful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Forpaying the

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Colts, Charges, and Expences

®*P?'cesof incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining of this Act, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby directed and required, to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences out of the First Monies that shall be collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

publickAa, X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Term of this

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 14.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from a Place called Littlegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Port, at the Division of Kelha?n and Muskham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxtcn, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the jzG. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An A£1 for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Littlegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post, at the Divi/ion of Kelbam and Mufkham Lanes, to Mansfield, and pom Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham: And whereas an Act l* G-was passed in tiic Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

\_Loc. & Per.-] Rr for

i58

Acts further continued.

Addit:#nal

Trustees

appointed.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 14-

for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said former Act, and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge to the said Guide Post at the Division of Kelham and Mujkham Lanes: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads,andhaveforthatPurpole borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money still remains due and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby granted increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s ir.oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of of the fame. That the said recited Acts, passed in the Thicty-feconcJ Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things, therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, or as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein after-mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Additions, Amendments, and Alteration', herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, and also of such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts or of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable William Henry Cavendish Bentinck, commonly called Lord William Henry Cavendfh Bentinck, the Right Honourable Charles Bentinck, commonly called Lord Charles Bentinck, the Right Honourable Frederick Bentinck, commonly called Lord Frederick Bentinck, the Canon Residentiary of the Collegiate Church of Southwell for the Time being, John Thomas Becker, Sherard Bccher, John Beevor, Jofl.ua Brooke, Godfrey Cooper, John Hall Clay, William Clay, Robert Chaplin, Robert Lowe, Henry Neville, John Parsons, Clerks; John Brettle, Francis Brown, John Gilbert Cooper the younger, Francis Chaplin, Henry Fane, John Charles Gireirdot, Henry Hawley, William Farnveorth Handley, John Handley, William Hunter Hunter, Samuel Jenkins, Jsfias Jessop, Cranmer Kenrick, John Leacroft, Richard Marshall, CkriJlopLr Noel Noel, John Porter, Roger Pocklinglon the younger, John Reeve, William Key Reeve, William Sherbrooke, Robert Sutton, Joseph Sikes, Cranfield Bccher, William Bland, Richard Cawkwell, William Rojlall Dichnfon, Thomas Falkner, Daniel Hebb, John Huddlejlone, John Lamb, James Lacy, John Milward, James Patierjon, Joseph Rickett, William Eaward Tallents, and John Wrigglesworth, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the rruttees appointed by and and in pursuance of the said former Acts for putting the fame and this Act in Execution j and the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 159

the Trustees hereby nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Di,redions of the said first recited Act, are hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated and appointed in and by the said Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who hath Proceeding! of or have acted, or shall act as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this p"X'm to^e or the said former Acts, or any of them, shall beconvided of having acted valid, without being duly qualified (as the Case may be), yet nevertheless all Acts

and Proceedings of such Person or Persons so acting as a Trulteeor Trustees, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person or Persons had been so qua.ified: Provided always, that any Mortgagee, or any Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money a' upon the Credit of any of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, or receiving Inrereft thereout for the fame, shall r.oc on that Account be deemed unqualified to ad, or defeated from acting as a Trullee.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said former Acts, or clause re-either of them, as enads that no more shall be paid for the same Horses, p'a\)‘o’nge%°0r' Beads, Cattle, or Carriages, in any one Day, than One Toll, for passing to be taken on through all or any of the Turnpikes erected or to be erected across and on the Sides of the said Road between the said Town of Newark and Leaden- repealed. ham H:ll, nor more than One Toll for pading through all or any of the Turnpikes erected or to be erected across and on the Sides of the said Road between the said Town of Newark and the said Town of Mansfie’.d, nor more than One Toll for pading through all or any of the Turnpikes erected or to be erected across and on the Sides of the said Road between the said Town of Newark and the Town of Oxton, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Retraining lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to demand, or Toll. 00* cause to be demanded, for and in respect of the Horses, Beasts, Cattle, or Carriages, having passed through any One of the Toll Gates already erected

or to be erected in the several Districts, or within the Distances aforesaid, and passing in the same Day through any other Toll Gate already erected or to be erected therein, an additional Toll, not exceeding Two-third Parts of such Toll as is authorized to be taken by the said former Acts or either of them; and the said Trustees are and shall be authorized to vary from Time to Time the said additional Toll, in such Manners to them shall seem meet, but not so as to exceed the Proportion of Two-third Parts of the original Toll imposed by the said former Acts, nor so as to demand the said additional Toll more than Once in any One Day for the fame Horses,

Beasts, Cattle, and Carriages, having paid the original Toll authorized to be taken by the said Acts, and pading or repassing through all or any of the said Toll Gates in the said several Districts, or within the said several Distances respectively.

VI. And whereas the Exemptions from Toll granted by the said former Exemptions Acts have been found inconvenient and detrimental to the said Roads, be Jm 0

i6o

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

Officiating

Mir.iltera.

Repairs of Roads.

Manure.

it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and they are hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, no Toll shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Ex-prefles, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Ex-prelles, or in returning therefrom.; nor for the Horses, attending any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or going to or returning from any Place of Exercise, nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or returning empty after having lieen so employed; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, Curate, or Mi-nifter, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Perf ms at- Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor of or from any Per-

Srrvic^ son or Persons going to or returning from his or their Parochial Church,

Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or Funerals, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place, through which any of Materials for the said Roads pass , nor for or in respect of any Cattle or Carriage laden

only with, or going for or returning empty after having been laden

only with Gravel, Stone, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any publick Road in any of the Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, in which the fame do lie; or any Dung, Mould, Lime, Soil, Marl, or Compoll for manuring any Grounds; or with any Grass, Hay, Saintfoin, Fodd-r, HayandCorn. Straw, or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Yards, or Premises’of the Owners thereof, and carried for their own private Use and Consumption only, and not for Sale.; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horle, or other Cattle, or Beall, or Carriage going to, passing, or returning from, any Corn Mill, laden with Corn, Grain, Malr, or Flour, ground or to be ground for the Use or C.onfumption of the Owners in his or her Dwelling House, within any Township wherein such Roads do pass, and not for Sale, or returning unladen after having carried any such Corn or Malt to any Mill for the implements of Purpose aforesaid; nor for any Cattle drawing, or Carriage goirg with, Husbandiy, or going empty, or returning empty after being laden only with, any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry; nor for any Horle of Horses, or other Cattle, going to or from Water, Pasture, Plough, or other Work in Husbandry, or for Sheep going to or returning from being washed upon or in any of the Lands within any of the said several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horses, of other Cattle going to any Smith’s Shop, in order to be (hoed or farried, or in returning back therefrom; nor for any Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; nor of or from any Person or Persons going to vote ar, or returning from any Election of a Member of Parliament for the Counties of Notingham or Lincoln respectively, or ihe Borough of Newark, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Dav before or Day after the same shall begin or be concluded; and if any Pt-rlon shall claim or take the Benefit or any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less chan Twenty Shillings.

Vagrants.

Voers.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. j6i

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Penalty on shall, with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage whatsoever, for which the roll*. a Toil is hereby or by the salt! recited Acts made payable, pass through

or over any Land, Ground, Passage, or private Way, or through or over any Common or Walk Ground adjoining to or lying by the Side or or near to any Part of the said Roads (the lame not being a ptiblick Highway) i or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any such Land,

Ground, Passage, or private Way, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass with any such Hotfe, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, through or over the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horle or other Bead from any Carriage, or after having passed through any Turnpike Gate shall put on an additional Horse or B-act to any such Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said Toll, or shall leave or cause to be left, upon or near the said Roads, any Cattle or Carriage, with an Intent to evade any Parc of the Tolls, or dial), with such an Intent, unload any Guods or other Things from or out of any Carriage; or if any Waggoner or Carrier belonging to any Stage or other Waggon, Carr, or Carriage, conveying any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, upon the said Roads, shall, upon approaching any Turnpike whereat any Crane, Engine, or Machine, for weighing Waggons or Carts, is or shall be erected on the said Roads, loose or take off any Horse or Horl’es from such Stage Waggon, or other Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, in order fraudulently to prevent such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage from being weighed; or if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or shall give to or receive from any other Person or Persons any Note or Ticket by this or by the said recited Acts directed to be given by the Collectors of the Tolls, with an Intent to evade the said Tolls; or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pass through any Turnpike Gate, wich any Horse,

Cattle, or Carriage, or shall do any other Act in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls or Toll, or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall for each Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, over and besides such Damages and Punishments as they shall respectively be otherwise liable to by Law, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein, or by the said recited Acts directed to be applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said °3jlj?]e, Tollon Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized

and empowered to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken.

Double the Amount of the Tolls by the said recited Acts or this Act authorized to be taken, at all and every the Toll Gates now erected or to be hereafter erected under the Powers of the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, for and in respect of any Horses, Beads,

Cattle, or Carriages, passing or repassing through any of such Toll Gates on the Lord’s Day commonly called Sunday; which Lid Toil shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall be recovered in like Manner, and under such and the like Penalties for Non-payment or Evalion thereof,

[Lee. isf Per.] S s as

2 6 2 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

as are mentioned and contained in the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Recovery of any other Tolls so authorized to be taken.

Collectors ami

IX. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act or the way take oi- former Acts, by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or

fcnilers with- other Officers appointed by the said Trullees, be it therefore enacted, beforea fufHce That it shall he lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other of the Peace. Officers respectively, and furh other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to fcize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and rake him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Division, or Place where the Offence or Offences shall have been committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons lo offending to give Securiiv for his, her, or their Appearance at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden within and for the County, Division, or Place, in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Sessions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine every such Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction for the County, Division, or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty Days, unlcl- he, she, or they, shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

TollBar-k«p- X. And be it further enacted, That in any Dispute, Suit, or Liti-w;tneSestent gat'on> which may arise touheing or in anywise relating to the Tolls authorized to be taken by the said former Acts and thi - Act, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, and all and every the Inhabitants of any Parish or Place through which the said Roads or any Pait thereof do pats, shall be and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of their being so appointed to collect the lame.

Power for

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Farmer or Renter of the

Tolls and Duties granted by the said former Acts and this Act, shall Tolls or Rents not pay or cause to be paid the Rent or Rents, Sum or Sums of Money, r*»ndto«I ^at or y grow or become due for the fame, within Six Days pel and putout from the respective Days or Times on which the same shall be received KeeTe^'ancT or kecome due and ought to be paid, then and in any such Case, and so others from Often as the same shall or may he.ppen, it shall be lawful for the said ofth^ToUBar ruflees, or any Two or more of them, their Clerk or Clerks, Trca-House und ^urer or Treasurers, for the Time being, or other Person or Persons by Toils. the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, authorized for that Pur-

pole,

44* GEORGII III. Cap. 14. i6j

pose, without any formal Demand being made, to enter into and Upon the Toll Bar Hou'e, Tolls, Duties, and Premises, for which such Rent or Rents, Sum or Sums of Money, shall be so due and in Arrear as aforesaid, and to distrain for the lame, and the Diltrcfs and Distresses then and there found to fcize, take, fell, and dispose of by publick Au&ton to the bed Bidder or Bidders, towards the paying and discharging of all such Rent or Rents, Sum or Sums of Money, which shall or may become due or payable for the said Toll Bar House, Tolls, and Duties* together with the Coils, Charges, and Expences of taking, keeping, felling and disposing of such Distress or Distresses, and by and with the Consent of the Surety and Sureties of such Farmer or Renter, in Writing first had and obtained, to expel, put out, and remove such Farmer or Renter of such Toll Bar House, Tolls, and Duties, and his and their Wife and Wives, Family anl Families, and all other Persons, from the said Toll Bar House, Tolls, Duties, arid Premises, and thereupon, by and with the Consent aforesaid, to appoint a Receiver or Collector of the Tolls at such Toll Bar, and put him in Possession of the fame, and of the Toll House and Appurtenances thereto; and such Receivrr or Collector shall be and be deemed to be the Servant of the said Trustees, and accountable to them for all Tolls and Duties received and collected by him at such Toll Bar; and the Tolls and Duties so received by the said Trustees shall be placed to the Credit of such Farmer or Renter, towards the Discharge of the Rent reserved under his Lease, Demile, or Agreement, until the Term thereof shall expire, any Law, Statute,

Custom, or Usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that the said Farmer or Renter, and his and their Surety and Sureties, shall, notwithstanding such Eviction or Removal as aforesaid, be and remain subject and liable to pay all such Rent or Rents,

Sum or Sums of Money, as shall become due or payable for the said Toll Bar House, Tolls, and Duties, up to the Day of his or their being removed and turned out of Possession as aforesaid, and also to all such Loss or Defalcation which shall cr may happen In the Receipt or Receipts of the said Tolls and Duties, from the Time or Times of such Re-entry and taking Possession thereof, until the Term of the Lease,

Demise, or Agreement, by which the said Tolls and Duties were holden by him or them, shall expire, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Suit, in the Name or Names of the Clerk or Clerks,

Treasurer or Treasurers, of the said Trustees for the Time being, wherein no ElToigr., Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- Three Trustees ledtor or Receiver of the Tolls shall neglect or be incapable of performing may appoint his Duty, or shall abscond, absent, or misbehave himself, any Three or coUeiiois 5 more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue ol this or the said Acts, shall and lawfully may discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or being incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding, or absenting himself, or milbe- discharge havinjg; and in such Case, and also in cale any such Colltdior or Receiver shall die, such Trustees shall and may nominate and appoint a proper appoint others Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until «Un«tMeet-

164

Trustees being Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this and the former Acts, if not personally interested.

penally for offering bale Coin in Payment, and for Misbehaviour in Toll Bar Keepers.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Refprfts, as the Person who shall die or be dilchauted would have had or would have been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be dilchareed from his Office by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, or the Wife or Widow or any of the Children, Family, or other Repre-fmtative or Reprefer,tatives of any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Reprclcntative or Represeniatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, orany other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building erected on the said Roads, for the Space of Four Days afterDemand thereof made, and Notice in Wi iting given for that Purpose by any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeiing, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being, then and in any the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place, by Warrant under his or their Hind and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Atliftance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the lame, and to put the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, or such new-appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Possession thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Trustees appointed by virtue of this or the said former Acts, as are or shall or may be Justices of the Peace in and for the Counties of Linco n or Nottingham respectively, shall and may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of the said former Acts or this Act, or in any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance thereof or relating thereto, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested; but such Justices shall not he deemed personally inierested on Account of their being Crtdiiors of the Toils and Duties anting upon the said Roads, or having any Assignnunt or Security of such Tolls and Duties.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Toll Bar Keeper or Keepers, or any Rereiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, Farmer or Renter of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said former Acts and this Act, or any of them, his or their Servants, Agents, or Assistants, shall make use of any indecent, abusive, scurrilous, or blasphemous Language, to any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Roads, or shall, without sufficient Cause, detain or delay any Person or Persons travelling upon the said Roads, then and in any or either of such Cases it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, District, or Place, wherein any such Offence shall be committed, upon the Complaint of the Person or Persons against whom such Offence shall be committed, to cause such Tull Bar Keeper or Keepers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, his or their Servants, Agents, or Assistants,fooffending, and other Person or Persons concerned, to appear and be brought before such Justice, by Warrant or Summons under his Hand

and

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 165

and Seal, and to make Inquiry of and concerning such Offence or Offences in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves, as by the Testimony of the Person or Persons aggrieved, upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer); and if such Toll Bar Keeper or Keepers, Receiver or Re. ceivers, Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons concerned, or any of them, shall be convicted by such Justice of any such Offence, such Person or Persons so convicted shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice of the Peace before whom he or they shall be so convicted, together with all reasonable Charges and Expences attending such Conviction, such Penalties to be applied and laid out for and towards the repairing and amending the said Roads; and in case such Penalty or Penalties shall not be forthwith paid, together with such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, such Justice of the Peace shall Commit such Person or Persons to the House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Space of Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months nor less than Twenty Days, unless such Penalty or Penalties, and all reasonable Charges and Expences, shall be sooner paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Directing the awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or comjwnfatimf ulifdj'by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Money where Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, ^'edins Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes s or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Rood lettled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable ot taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated [Loc. fcf Per.J Tt or

166 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application of

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Compensation so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, pur-k6than*«S. chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any and above jo/. Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased; taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Commmee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option), to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

Application where the Money is less than 20/.

In case of not making out Titles j

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Hank j

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments (o purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovrred , then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five.or more of

them.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties intereste-J in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m]; subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery -, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in PafTeflion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession; and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said

Trustees,

167

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall ari(e touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Poflef-Gon of the Lands, etc. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such PolTef-Goa.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchasei to be paid by the Trustees.

i68

Trustees may sue or defend in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks.

Such Clerk or Clerks to he reimbursed.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to he recovered and applied.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such

Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerk*, Treasurer or Treasurers; and that no Action or Suit to be brought by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on Account of this or the said former Acts, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurer*, or by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, without the Consent of the said Trustpes, or any Five or more of them; but the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being, to the said Trustees, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in whole Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, all such Costs and Charges, Damages and Expences, as by the Event of any such Proceedings he or they shall be put to or become chargeable with, by reason of his or their being fa made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants therein.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and

Fines, hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof is not herein or by the said recited Acts otherwise directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace for the County of Lincoln or Nottingham (as the Case may be) or any One Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall be and reside, either by the Confession of the Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward,) be levied by Distress and Sale of tire Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which "Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant for those Purposes), and the Overplus, alter such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Disttefs and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or levied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act or the said recited Acts) shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, and applied in the Repairs of the said Roads; and in cale sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines., shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where che Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time noc exceeding Two Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 169

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any High Constable, Petty Constabiw,//-. Constable, Htadborough. Tything Man, or other Person whomfcever, duly d°J*'0or*e01' authorized for that Purpose, shall willingly, knowingly, or contemptu- Iruilees. ously, neglect or refuse to obey and execute^any Summons or other Precept in Writing, under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of the

Trustees for putting this or the said recited Acts in Execution, every such Person so authorized, offending in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers, to be applied for and towards the amending and repairing the said Roads, which said Penalty shall be levied on such Person or Persons, in the same Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act or the said recited Acts directed to be levied; and the said Trustees may and are hereby empow- Trustees may ered to direct the Treasurer for the Time being to reimburse such Con- leimburse such stable, or other Officer or Officers, for his or their Loss of Time, Trou- Coilllab,ts-ble, or other necessary Expences, in the due Execution of his or their Duty, in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, such Sum or Sums of Money as such Trustees shall think fit, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act.

XXIV. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act or the said recited Acts, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act or the said recited Acts, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, as the Case shall happen, or in any Form of Words to the fame Effect:

« DE it remembered, That on the Day of Form of Con

in the Year of His Majesty's V1£t,on-

Reign, A.B. is convicted before of His

‘ Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of-

« specifying the Offence, and Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be]. Given under our Hands and Seals, the

Day and Year aforesaid.’

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any pc-fonsa-;-Person shall think himself or herfeif aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- grievrd in.-.v fuance of this or the said recited Acts, and for which no particular Me- c£uarter°siit thod of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person may appeal to fions.

the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and within Three Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at least in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within Thtee Days after such Notice entering into a Recogni-zincc before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide by the Order of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Caule* and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Par-[Lot. & Per.J U u tics

l7o 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

ties appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such General or Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

not^he"6*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or quashed for concerning any of the Matters in this Act or the said recited Acts contained, want of Form. or any Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction or Convictjons of any Offender or Offenders against this Act or the said recited Acts, shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums to be levied by virtue of this Act or the said recited Acts, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in an Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on the Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

bent<fr«fin°

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceed-iSooks, and ings of the said Trustees at their several Meetings shall be entered in a produced in Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Pro-Evidence. ceedings, so entered and signed by a competent Number of the said Trustees, as the Case shall require, or by their Clerk by their Order, shall be deemed to be Originals, and such Book or Books shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Exp?n«s ot'he

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and F.xpences of the Act. obtaining and passing of this Act shall be paid out of any Monies already raised or received by virtue of the said former Acts, or out of the Fiift Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

Publick Act

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall bedeemed, adjudged,

and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Term of this

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Term of the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the f<iid former Acts (subject as herein-before is mentioned) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Farliament,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 15.

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the Parishes of Rantfey and Bury, in the County of Huntingdon.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parishes of Ramsey and Bury in the County of Huntingdon, divers Fen Lands and Low-Grounds, herein-after more particularly described, containing together upwards of One thousand Acres; which, from their low and flat Situation, are liable to be flooded and much annoyed by Waters, so that no certain Advantage or Profit can be derived by the Owners and Occupiers thereof: And whereas it would be highly advantageous and beneficial to all Persons interested therein if the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds were properly drained and improved; but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be euaded; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lor s Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being, of the Manors of Ramsey and Bury, or in their Absence the respective Stewards of the said Manors, and also the several Rectors and Vicars of the said Parishes of Ramsey and Bury for the Time being; and every Person who for the Time being shall be bona [Loc. Cf Per. j X x fide

Appointment of Commissioners.

T74

Joint Owners may be Commissioners, and may appoint Deputies.

Deputies may be appointed by Commissioners to act in their Absence.

44.® GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

fide Owner of Twenty Acres of Land liable to be taxed by virtue of this Act; and also every Owner or Proprietor of Eight Acres of the Lands called Bury Lots or Crofts, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, for the Purpose of draining and improving the hen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the said Parishes, and bounded as follows; that is to say, beginning from the End or Corner of the Bank belonging to certain Lands called The School Farm and Poor Lands, near the Town of Ramsey aforesaid, to and across the End of a certain Drain called The Gull Drain, and from thence by a certain Roadway as it runs by the Side of Two ancient Rivers or Cuts, called The Bill Load and The old River Nene, to and across a certain Droveway called TJggmeer Cete Drove, and from thence along the West Side thereof to the End of the fame, and from thence across the same to a certain old Ditch, dividing or running between Bury Crofts aforesaid and Upwood Common, and from thence along the said old Ditch (including the fame) up to a certain Drove or publick Highway, which divides or runs between Bury Crofts aforesaid and the hard Lands of Upwood, Bury, and Ramsey, (or some or One of them), and from thence turning to the Left along the said Drove or publick Highway to the West End or Corner of a certain Place called Bury Green, and from thence turning to the Left in a straight Line or Direction to and across another Ditch or Drain dividing Bury Crofts aforesaid, from Lands belonging to John Julian the younger, and from thence turning immediately to the Right along the fame Ditch, to the Corner of the said Lands of the said John Julian the younger, by the Gate leading into the fame from Bury Green aforesaid, to join the aforesaid Drain called The Gull Drain, and from thence down the fame Drain (including the fame) to the said first-mentioned End or Corner of the said School Farm or Poor Lands, the Beginning of the said Boundaries j which said Lands and Grounds shall be and are hereby made One entire District, and shall be embanked, drained, and unproved, in the Manner herein-after directed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be Joint Tenants, Tenants in Common, or Parceners of any Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and subject to be taxed by virtue of this Act, shall, for their several and respective Shares, be entitled to act by virtue of such respective Shares as Commissioners, by themselves or Deputies, and shall have the fame Powers as if such Lands so held by them as Joint Tenants, Tenants in Common, or Parceners, were actually fevered and divided.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for, and every such Commissioner is hereby authorized and empowered to appoint, by Writing under his or her Hand, to be delivered to the said Commissioners, at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time, and for such Time as he or she shall think proper, a Deputy to act in his or her Absence as a Commissioner; and such Deputies shall and may, in the Absence of the Persons respectitely by whom they shall be so appointed, aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, in such and in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as such Commissioners respectively might aft and do if they were personally present.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 175

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, if Owners

who by virtue of this Act is empowered to act as a Commissioner in fu£h'nor' Person or by Deputy, shall, at the Time of passing this Act, or at any Minor or his Time afterwards, be a Minor under the Age of Twenty-one Years, Idiot, to

Lunatick, or of unfound Mind, it shall and may be lawful for the Guar- Commissioner dian of such Minor, and for the Committee or Trustee of such Idiot,

Lunatick, or Person of unfound Mind, to act as a Commissioner for hi. Minority, putting this Act into Execution; or in his or her Absence, by Writing under his or her Hand, to appoint a Deputy for that Purpose; and also shall and may, by Writing under his or her Hand, nominate and appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Lands belonging to such Minor or other Person under such legal Disability as aforesaid, in like Manner and under such Restrictions, as any other Person is herein authorized and empowered to appoint a Commissioner or Commissioners; and that every such Person or Persons so nominated and appointed shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who for the Time Appointment being shall be the bond Jide Owner of Thirty Acres of Land, liable to be ficatiimVf taxed as the First Sort of Land by virtue of this Act, may, and every additional such Person is hereby authorized and empowered to appoint, by Writing CommiiEon-under his or her Hand, One Commissioner for every such Thirty Acres of

Land subject to be taxed as aforesaid, and lying within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, of which he or she shall be the Owner, over and above the Number of Acres for which he or she is hereby appointed a Commissioner; and every Person who for the Time being shall be the bond fide Owner of Twenty Acres of Land, liable to be taxed by virtue of this Act as Land of the Second Sort, may, and every such Person is hereby authorized and empowered to appoint, in like Manner, One Commissioner for every Twenty Acres subject to be taxed as aforesaid, and lying within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, of which he or she is hereby appointed a Commissioner; and also that every Person who for the Time being shall be bond fide Owner of Ten Acres of Land liable to be taxed by virtue of this Act as Land of the Third Sort, may, and every such Person is hereby authorized and empowered to appoint, in like Maimer, One Commissioner for every Ten Acres of Land subject to be taxed as aforesaid, and lying within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, of which he or she shall be the Owner, over and above the Number of Acres for which he or she is hereby appointed a Commissioner; and that such Person or Persons so to be respectively appointed as aforesaid shall, during the Pleasure of the Owner or respective Owners of such Number of Acres within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, likewise be, and he and they are hereby appointed a Commissioner and Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution, as if such Person or Persons so appointed were the Owner or Owners of such Quantity of Land within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, as would qualify him or her to act as a Commissioner in ^0ayjr®j? his or her own Right: Provided always, that no Person so appointed acting for shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner under the Appointment of any more than One Person at any One Time. at any one

- Tunc.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, not penalty on being properly qualified as herein before mentioned, shall act as a Com- comrmffion-

missioner ers not being

I o qualified.

176 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

missioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Coils of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One imparLnce, shall be allowed; and in which Action or Suit it shall only be necessary for the Plaintiff or Informer to prove that the Defenda-t acted as such C ommissioner in the Execution of this Act, and a Verdict shall be found against the Defendant or Defendants, unless he or they shall prove in his or their Defence that he or they were, at the Time of his or their so acting, properly qualified according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: J>erfun Provided always, that no Person or Persons holding any Place or Office Mac^of Pro- of Profit under the said Commissioners shall act as a Commissioner, or as Agent or Deputy for any other Commissioner appointed under this Act, during the Time he shall hold such Place or Office of Profit.

fit, to act as a Commissioner.

Commission-

VII. And £,e further enacted, That in all Cases any Justice of the aTjuftrccs Peace may act as such in the Execution of the Powers herein contained,

if not in- notwithstanding his being a Commissioner, except in Cases wherein he

terested. shall personaj[y intereded.

Meetings of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said ers.mmi *on Commissioners shall be holden at some Place in Ramsey aforesaid, within One Month next after the passing of this Act; and that the said Commissioners shall meet Twice in every Year at some Place in Ramsey aforesaid, or at such other Place as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, on the Second Friday in the Month of April, and the Second Friday in the Month of October, in each and every Year, and at such other Time or Times as they, or any Three or more of them, shall fee Cause or think convenient, and may from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and meet again pursuant to such Adjournment, as often as they shall think proper; and in case Three Commissioners shall not be present at the Place and Time appointed for holding any of the said Meetings, or the said Commissioners shall at any Meeting omit to adjourn such Meeting, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the said Commissioners to adjourn such Meeting to a Time not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Time the lait Meeting was appointed to have been holden or was holden, and to the same Place where the fame was appointed to be or was holden, of which Adjournment publick Notice shall be given, by affixing a written Notice upon the respective Church Doors of Ramsey and Bury aforesaid, One Sunday at the lead previous to the Time of such Meeting, and also by advertising the fame Once in the Cambridge Chronicle (if then published), or in some other Weekly Newspaper circulated in the said County of Huntingdon, previous to such Meeting as aforesaid; and in case any Three or more of the said Commissioners shall deem a Special Meeting of the said Commissioners necessary or proper, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to call a Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be holden at Ramsey, or such other Place as the said Commissioners shall think proper, of which Meeting Notice shall be given at lead One Sunday previous to such Meeting, by affixing the fame on the respective Church Doors of Ramsey and Bury

aforesaid.

177

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

aforesaid, and by advertising the fame in the Cambridge Chronicle (if then published), or in some other Weekly Paper usually circulated in the said County of Huntingdon, Ten Days previous to the Time of holding such Meeting; and such Notice shall be signed with the Names of the Commissioners requiring such Meeting; and that all Powers and Authorities Three Com-granted to or vested in the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to "jimonersa Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at such Meeting, such major Part not being less than Three.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order or Determina- Orde-^not to tion made or come to, at any Meeting of the said Commissioners, shall be bin »t i'uTe. revoked or annulled but at a subsequent Meeting, at which Seven Com- questMeet-missioners shall be present, and consent thereto, nor unless Notice of such lnss‘

Meeting (dating the Object thereof) shall be One Sunday affixed on the

Doors of the Parish Churches of Ramsey and Bury, and be once infetted in the Cambridge Chronicle (if the same shall continue to be published), or in some Weekly Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Huntingdon.

X. And be it further enacted, That no greater or larger Sum of Money Expence of than Thirty Shillings in the Whole shall be paid or allowed for the Ex- Meeu"gs-pences of the Commissioners, at any One of the General Meetings to be

held under or by virtue of this Act, or more than Fifteen Shillings for the Expences of the Commissioners at any adjourned or special Meeting.

XI. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall be Entry of Pro. made in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose of all the Acts, Evince?00*1 Orders, Rules, Regulations, Directions, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings, and the same shall be signed with the Name of the CleTk to the said Commissioners; and all such Entries being so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Nomination or Appoint- Appointment ment of a Commissioner or Commissioners in pursuance of this Act shall ffone? be entered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in a Book to be kept to be entered for that Purpose; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners shall and m a Book*c,<’ may, and are hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of this Act, until superseded by a fresh Nomination, to be entered in such Book as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall AAianstobe and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk; and that no N°mf oVuie* Action that may be brought or commenced by or against the said cieik. Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act,

in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners; but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall always be deemed Plaintiff cr Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be, except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners and their Clerk for [Loc. fc? Per.] Ty the

178 i4* GEORGII III. Cap. t5.

the Time being, in which Action or Actions any One of the said Commissioners shall or may be made Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Commissioner, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prof cuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to, or chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

For appoint-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and ing officers. mayj at their First or any subsequent Meeting, appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer, Surveyor, and such other Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove them, or any of them, and appoint others, as they shall find necessary or convenient, and by and out of the Monies to be raised by this Act, may and are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners employed in the E'ecution of this Act, Security to be as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners shall take such

given. Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices, by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall think proper; officers to and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall,

at count. under their Hands at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account inWriting of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers or Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath verify their said Accounts (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby enabled to administer); and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as, upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caul'e to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting orrefufing as aforesaid; or if any Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justices may

179

i

i

a

1

It

1

ns

i.

ch

in

a;

I,

fc

ad

H

tail

a

for

nd

51'

[id

to

or

'aid

Aj

oot

le-

ss

a

t*

is

CC

lh

oi

i,

i

i

I

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refilling or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Money that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame; or if it shall appear to such Justices, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer), that any such Officer shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not have delivered to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as shall have been appointed by them to receive the same, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by such Commissioners, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County of Huntingdon, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, and shall have paid such Composition in such ManneT as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to make, raise, cut, set, and build up, or cause to be made, raised, cut, set and built up, in, upon, through, or over the Lands or Grounds within the Bounds and Limits of the said Distnct, all such Cuts, Drains, Banks, Bridges, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines, Sluices, and other Works, as they shall think necessary for the better draining and preserving of the said Lands and Grounds-, and the said Works to be made under and by virtue of this Act shall be veiled in and be the Property of the said Commissioners, and that the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority over all and Angular the Works so to be made, and over all and Angular the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines, Sluices, and other Works already made or set up, or maintained and kept in Repair by the said Commissioners, and also from Time to Time to cleanse, widen, deepen, alter, repair, remove, support, rebuild, and enlarge the fame respectively, as they may think proper, for the better draining of

Commi dinners ro make Works, etc.

i8o

Power to make a Catchwater Drain.

Power to join the School Farm and Poor Lands Bank.

Power to erect a Drain acrof* the Roadway leading from Ramsey to Uggtneer Cote Drove.

Power to make Bridges over Drains}

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

the said Lands and Grounds; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to divide oft', take, and use such Lands and Hereditaments as the said Commissioners shall judge necessary to be cut, dug, taken, or used, for the making any of the Banks, Bridges, Cuts, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, or other Works, for the Execution of this Act; and also from Time to Time and at all Times to dig, cut, take, and carry away any Earth, Flag, or other Materials, from the Lands within the said Dillrift, therewith to heighten, widen, (Lengthen, make, maintain, and support the Banks and Works comprized in the said District, of such Width, Strength, and Dimensions, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, and also to take and carry away the Earth coming out of any of the publick Drains to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of making any Bank or Banks that may be thought necessary to be made under the Authority of this Act, they doing as little Damage as may be, and making Satisfaction and Compensation for the fame, in Manner as herein mentioned: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Commissioners to dig or rake any more Earth in any Lands adjoining to any Bank, than shall be sufficient for the maintaining and preserving such Part of the Bank as shall be immediately opposite such Lands.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to make or cause to be made (within the Bounds or Limits of the said District) a sufficient Cut or Catchwater Drain, or Cuts or Catchwater Drains, for the Conveyance of the highland Waters, in such Manner and of such Dimensions, and in such Place or Places, as they the said Commissioners shall think right and proper.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and erect such Banks or Mounds as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, at the End of the said Drain called The Gull Brain, near the said River or Cut called The Bill Load, and to connect and join the fame with the Bank belonging to the said School Farm and Poor Lands, in such Manner and in such Places as may feenx rnofl proper to the said Commissioners.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make a Cut or Drain, Cuts or Drains, through, over, or across the Road or publick Highway leading from the Town of Ramsey aforesaid to the said Droveway called Uggmeer Cote Drove, in such Places and in such Manner as may be necessary for answering the Purposes of this Act, they the said Commissioners causing a proper and sufficient Tunnel or Bridge, Tunnels or Bridges, to be made over such Cut or Drain, Cuts or Drains, and keeping the fame at all Times in good and sufficient Repair; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That where the said Commissioners shall make or cut any Cuts or Drains across any Droveway or Droveways,

or

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 181

or other publick Highways comprized within the said District, they the said Commissioners shall cause proper and sufficient Bridges or Tunnels to be put down and placed over all such Cuts or Drains, and from Time to Time keep such Bridges or Tunnels in good and proper Repair; and also shall and do erect, put down, and build, or cause and procure to be erected, put down, and built, a good, proper, and sufficient Bridge or Tunnel, or Waterway across the said Drove called Uggmeer Cote Drove, near to or at the South End thereof next to Upwood Common, for the Conveyance of Water, and the Convenience of Persons passing to and from the said Drove to Upwood Common aforesaid, and shall and do at all Times repair, uphold, and sustain the fame at their foie Costs and Charges: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing herein contained kujno^over shall compel the said Commissioners to erect, put down, or repair any waterDtain. Bridge or Bridges, Tunnel or Tunnels, which shall be required to be made over the said Cut or Catchwater Drain, for the Purpose and Convenience of getting into the several Lands adjoining; but that in all Cases whatsoever the same shall be erected, built, and kept in Repair, of sufficient and proper Height, Width, and Depth, according to the Size of the said Cut or Catchwater Drain, at the foie Charges and Expences of the Owner or Owners of such Lands adjoining the lame.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Powtr^toccm. for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby fully authorized and outriet Bank empowered to make or continue a Bank from or near to the Boundaries across Buy of the said Didrift, at the Well End or Corner of Bury Green aforesaid, G,een' so far across the said Green, and in such Manner and Places, and under such Directions as they the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary for the Purposes of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Commission-have full Power and Authority to agree with the Proprietor of, and Per- (he

fons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the Purchase of said Commissioners shall judge necessary to be used for the Purpose of making any Cut or Cuts, Drain or Drains, for the Purchase of such for Damages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to agree for the Recompence to be made to such Proprietors and Persons interested, for the Damages they may fullain thereby, and also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums so agreed for shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Bodies Poli-CorporaLe, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, ^’r^'fay Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trull, Committees, Executors, sale of Lands, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on "Compen-Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Damages. Behalf of their Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants, or Issue unborn.

Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, who are or shall be seised or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to contract for, fell, and convey unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes aforesaid, or to agree with the said Commissioners under this Act for any Recompence or Compensation to \_Loc. & Per.] Z z be

182

Persons refuting or neglecting to treat

Commissioners may apply to the Sefllans to ascertain Value of Land and Amount of Damages.

The Justices to cause the Jury te act'efs Damages.

Witnesses to be summoned.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

be made for the Damages which may be done to any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments by the Means aforesaid; and all such Contracts* Sales, Conveyances, and Agreements, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whatsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they, or any of them, shall lawfully do in pursuance of this Act; but if it shall happen that any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days after Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, or at the House of the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, Fourteen Days at least before any General Quarter Session* of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Huntingdon, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Lands or Grounds shall have been used, or such Damage done, to give or cause to be given to the Party or Parties whose Land or Ground shall have been used, or who shall have sustained such Damage or Injury, or leave or cause to be left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode respectively, or at the Place of Abode of the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of the Premises, a Notice in Writing, purporting that the Value of such Land or Ground, and the Amount of the Damage or Injury sustained, will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions; and the Justices at their said Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall and are hereby authorized and empowered to charge the Jury which shall attend at such Sessions, or some other Jury of Twelve honest and substantial Men, to be then and there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the said County, and cause them to be sworn well and truly, on their Oaths, to assess the Value of the Land or Ground, and the Recompence to be given for the fame, or for any Damage or Injury sustained as aforesaid, to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Interest therein, or to the Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests therein, to which said Juries the said Commissioners, and all Parties interested in the said Lands, shall have their lawful Challenges when they come to be sworn; and the Clerk of the Peace for the said County is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Application made to him by any of the Parties interested, by Subpoena or Summons under his Hand, to call before the Justices at such Sessions or any Adjournment thereof, any Person or Persons who shall be thought proper to be examined touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, and also the Oaths to be taken by the Persons who shall appear or be summoned to be examined and give Evidence as aforesaid, the said Justices at their Sessions are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall ascertain and award the Recompence to be given for the said Land or Ground, or any Damage or Injury which shall have been done as aforesaid, to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or

Collegiate,

44° GEORGII in Cap. 183

Collegiate, or Owner or Owners thereof; and the said Justices shall and Justice* to may give Judgement according to the Verdict of the said Jury; and the f^n/^the* Judgement thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Justices shall fame to be finally bind and be conclusive to the said Commissioners, and all Persons fini1 and Parties interested in the said Lands or Grounds, and shall be entered and kept among the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the said County, and true Copies thereof, being signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, shall be deemed and taken as good Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity; and all Persons may have Recourse thereto, or take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, on paying the usual Fees paid in Cases of the like Nature.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Verdict Expences of

shall be given for any greater Sum or Recompence which shall have been v^t^fe*by offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, before Notice of the whom to be intended Application to be made to the said Sessions for or in respect of the

any of the Matters aforesaid, that then all the Expences of such Appli- justicsi. cation, including the Charge of Witnesses, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Rates and Taxes to be raised by virtue of this Act j

but if any Verdict shall be given for no more, or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments and Premises, upon or in respect of which such Application shall have been made; all which Expences shall be regulated, settled, and allowed by the Justices in Sessions before whom the Matter shall be heard and determined,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That after Payment or legal Tender On Satitfjc. of such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed or contrafted for, for the madeborun-Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or assessed for dered, Com-Damages as aforesaid to the Party or Parties interested, or if he, she, or they cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept such Money, then upon on the Payment thereof into the Bank of England, in case the same shall be Workt equal to or exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or upon leaving the fame, in case the fame should be less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, for the Use of, and to be paid upon Demand, without Fee or Reward, to such Party or Parties respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and all Persons authorized by them, to enter upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Monies were so agreed for, or by Verdict assessed as aforesaid, and to make use of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick,

Corporate, and Collegiate whatsoever, shall thenceforth be, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Claim, Interest, and Property whatsoever, to or in the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Verdict Colts to be shall be given for a greater Sum for the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or plld‘ Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for Damages done or to be done,

than shall have been offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners before the summoning of such Jury, then all the Expences of such Jury, and of the Witnesses attending upon the fame, and of taking such Inquest

(such

184 44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

(such Expences to be settled by the said Justices) shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; but if any Verdict shall be given for no more, or for a less Sum than shall have been previously offered in the Cases aforesaid by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every fwch Cafe the Expences attending such Verdict and Judgement, to be settled as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Owners, or Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, upon or in respect of which such Application shall have been made; which said Expences, in case the same shall not be paid on Demand, after being settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Commissioners, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of Rates and Taxes to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act.

For paying off Mortgages on Lands taken by the Commissioners.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, taken or made use of by the said Commissioners, shall be in Mortgage to any Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been so agreed for, ascertained, or determined as aforesaid, for the Use or Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and such Sum or Sums of Money, when so paid, shall be and be deemed to be in Discharge of the Principal Money due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, and Acknowledgement of the Receipt thereof shall be made by Indorsement on the Mortgage Deed or Deeds, signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and such Indorsement shall be and be deemed to be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners from the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and also a full and sufficient Discharge to the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, from the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, for so much Money as shall be expressed in such Indorsement.

Application t

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed fation^here or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, exceeding purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the

a«o/. Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners respectively, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Wav, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or any Part thereof, assessing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, to the fame

t8j

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15,

fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, on the Request of any Five or more of the said respective Commissioners in Writing, signed by them, and without any Order of the Court of Chancery, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXVII. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That if any Moneyfo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or ui'ed for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability as aforesaid, fhaR not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds nor be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners respectively (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Money may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act; or in case of [\L«\ L? Per.] 3 A Infancy

Application where Coin-pen ration does not exceed 100l. nor less than tol.

Application where the Money is left than ioi.

j«j6

In case of not making out Titles}

or if Per Ton* cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

subjr<3 to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion cr Petition-

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to"Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, T?c. at the Time cf such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Possession, unless, et<0

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians'* Committee or Committees, to and for the We and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, Wall refuse to accept the fame, or Wall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it Wall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_describing the m'], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chan-ncery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court Wall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Eftatss, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court Wall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftiier t>r Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully enritled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary Wall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest oi the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession

was

187

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

was a wrongful Pofifession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXII. And whereas, for carrying and effecting the said Work of draining, and securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for that Purpose, it will be necessary that certain Taxes should be laid on all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds; and for as much as the same are not only very different from the natural Rich-ness and Barrenness of their Soil and Value, but some Parts thereof have been dug up for Fuel, and will not receive so much immediate Benefit from the said Drainage, for which Reason it would be unjust to charge all the said Fen Lands with an equal Acre Tax; therefore, for preventing this, and that all the Lid Fen Lands and Low Grounds may be taxed with as much Indifference and Equality as polTible, according to their respective Improvement by the draining, be it further enacted, That the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall be rated and taxed by a gradual and proportionate Acre Tax of Three different Sorts and Values of Lands, to be set as herein after appointed.

C-t .'I t . . fT . i j . <; S4;

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, assembled at their First or any other Meeting to be held as aforesaid, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and Angular the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said District, with such annual Sum, according to the beforementioned gradual and proportionate Acre Tax, and not otherwise, as they shall judge necessary for completing and maintaining the aforesaid Works of Drainage, so that the Rate or Tax set upon One Acre of Land of the First Sort, being Lands of the most inferior Quality, does not exceed Eight Shillings; the Rate or Tax set upon One Acre of the Second Sort, being Lands of the middling Quality, does not exceed Sixteen Shillings; and the Rate or Tax set upon One Acre of the Third Sort, being Lands of the superior Quality, does not exceed Twenty-four Shillings in any One Year; and so that for every One Penny charged upon an Acre of Land of the First Sort, Two-pence be charged upon an Acre of Land of the Second Sort, and Three-pence upon an Acre of Land of the 1 hird Sort; which said Tax shall be paid to such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as is herein directed and appointed; and that the said Taxes shall continue to be charged and paid each and every Year, so long as it shall be necessary, in

> order

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchaseis to be paid by the Commissioners.

Different Taxes on Lands of dif. feient Sorts.

Taxes to be laid.

i88

High Lands not to be taxed.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

order to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Act; \vhich said (event Taxes shall be raised, levied, and recovered, in Manner herein directed.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Tax or Assessment shall be rated, charged, taxed, or levied, for or in respect of any Lands, being Part of the Lands bounded and described as aforesaid, which are known and distinguished by the Name of High Lands, and have not been damaged by Inundations.

persons to

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall tovX'and have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required, at their soit Lands.1 Firflt or any other Meeting after the passing of this Act, to nominate and appoint One or more competent and skilful Person or Persons, not being Owners or Occupiers of, or Agent or Agents for any Lands or Grounds within the said District, to view the Lands and Grounds therein, and to ascertain the Benefit to be derived by such Lands and Grounds by such Drainage, and also to assort the fame into the said Three several Sorts herein-before mentioned and specified, and to ascertain which are High Lands, and have not been damaged by Inundations, and which are not; and the said Person or Persons shall immediately proceed in the said View, Valuation, and Afibrtment, and the fame shall, with all convenient Dispatch, be laid before the said Commissioners, and be verified upon the Oath or Oaths of the Person or Persons so making the same, which Oath or Oaths any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized and empowered to administer in the Words following:

Tyf.fi. do swear. That this Valuation and AfTortment is faithfully,

impartially, and honestly made, according to the bed of my Skill

and Judgement, and without Favour or Affection to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD.*

And such Valuation and AfTortment of the said Person or Persons shall be binding upon all Persons whomsoever; and such Person or Persons so appointed to view, value, and assort as aforesaid, shall and he or they are hereby authorized and required to make or cause to be made a proper Survey and Map of all the said Lands and Grounds, distinguishing therein the said Three several Sorts of Lands, together with the Quantity of Acres, Roods, and Perches, belonging to each particular Person, and also which are High Lands and not subject to Inundations, and which are not; and which said Survey and Map so made shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, at some One of their Meetings, and shall be verified upon the Oath of the Person or Persons making the same (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer) j and which Survey and Map to be given in as aforesaid shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Commissioners to make and collect the said Rates and Taxes by, and shall be binding on the several Persons charged with the Payment thereof, for their several Lands charged with such Payment; and such Survey and Map being signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and also by the said Commissioners, shall be allowed as Evidence in all His Majesty's Courts of Law or Judicature whatsoever.

Appointment

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Person or Persons ?uer«7n'cVfe to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, or their Successor or Sue. of Death. cessors,

Survey and Map so be made.

i8g

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Cefiors, to be appointed as herein after mentioned, shall refuse or neglect to make or become incapable of making the Valuation aforesaid, or shall die before the said Valuation shall have been laid before the said Commissioners, and verified as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, within Twenty-one Days After such Refusal, Incapacity, or Death aforesaid shall be known, to nominate and appoint another Person, not being either an Owner or Occupier of, or Agent for any Lands or Grounds within the said District, to view, value, and also rt, in the Room of every such Person or Persons refusing of becoming incapable to act, or deceased; and that every Person so to be appointed shall have the like Power and Authority to act, in the Execution of this Act, as the Person in whose Place he or they shall succeed is hereby inverted with.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, at the Expiration of Ten Years next after the passing of this Act, and also again at the Expiration of Seventeen Years next after the passing of this Act, to cause all the Lands and Grounds liable to be rated, taxed, charged, and assessed, by virtue of this Act, to be again viewed, aflorted, and valued, by One or more indifferent and skilful Person or Persons, with the like Powers, and to be appointed in like Manner, and under and fub|eft to the like Rules and Regulations herein-before directed, in respect to the View, Assortment, and Valuation first herein mentioned, to the End that the said Lands may be then taxed, rated, and assessed, in respect to their then Value, and the Improvement they may have received by the said Draining; and such View, Assortment, and Valuation, so to be impartially made as aforesaid, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Par»-ties whomsoever, in like Manner and in all Cases whatsoever as the said herein-before directed View, Valuation, or Afforttnent; and which said last View, Valuation, or Aflbrtment, at the Expiration of the said Seventeen Years, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties, and remain and continue for ever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to survey the said Lands and Grounds, their Assistants and Servants, and every other Person employed by the said Commissioners, from Time to Time and at all Times, to enter into, view, examine, survey, adinea-sure, plan, and value the said Lands and Grounds, and affix Stakes or Land Marks thereon, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, which shall in their Judgement be requisite for carrying this Act into Execution.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Tenant for Life or Lives, or in Tail, or for Years determinable upon Contingencies, Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any Infants, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, and Trustees of any Charity or other Purpose, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to charge such of their said Lands or Grounds, which are subject and liable to be taxed by this Act with the Sum of Eight Shillings, Sixteen Shillings, or Twenty-four Shillings, for every

[Lot, is Per. j 3 B Acre,

f.ands to he f ir.eyed an t valued at the hi;d ot Ten and Seventeen Years niter I he patting of this Act-

Power to enter Lands

Tenants for Lite, err. may borrow Money.

7 9° 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Acre, according to its Sort or Degree, with such Sum for each Year which such Person or Persons shall be actually rated or taxed by virtue of this Act; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to surrender, grant, mortgage, lease, or de. mile, the fame Lands and Grounds so to be charged, unto such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame respectively, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, so as every such Surrender, Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trull to be surrendered as aforesaid, when the Money thereby secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and so as every such Surrender, Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, to be made by any Tenant for Life or Lives, or in Tail, or for Years determinable upon Contingencies, contains a Covenant or Proviso that the Person or Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion shall not, nor shall any Person be liable on his, her, or their becoming seised or possessed of any such Lands or Grounds, to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for the Half Year preceding the Time when the Title of such Possession shall accrue and commence; and every such Surrender, Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

First Payment

XL. And be it further enacted, That the First Payment of the said

of Taxe,. Rate> Tax, or Assessment, by this Act imposed and made payable as aforesaid, for and in respect of all the Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying within the District aforesaid, shall become due and payable within One Calendar Month next after the said Survey, View, Aflbrtment, and Valuation, shall be made and delivered in to the said Commissioners as aforesaid.

For Rrccveijr

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners,

ot Taxes. Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers, of any Lands or Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall make Default in Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money assessed, rated, taxed, or charged upon him, her, or them, for or in respect of such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, and shall continue in such Default by the Space of One Calendar Month next after the Time appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid for such Payment, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Golleftor or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners to cofleft such Taxes respectively, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept such Two or more of the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to make and give, as they shall see Occasion, though not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act), to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands or Grounds so rated, taxed, or charged.as aforesaid, and into and upon all or any Messuages or Tenements thereupon {landing, and there, or in any Part or Parts of the Lands, Grounds, Messuages, or Tenements, upon which such Entry shall be made, to distrain all or any of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, as shall be there found; and it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, Ho impound the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, on any Part of

44° GEORGII 111. Cap. 15. 191

the Messuages or Lands whereon the fame shall be found, or otherwiseto take, lead, drive, or carry away and keep the fame for the Space of Five Days, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress or Dif-tresses at the Messuage or Tenement, Messuages or Tenements, or in some conspicuous Part of the Lands or Grounds upon which such Di/trefs shall be taken, or otherwise at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle; and if the Owner or Owners of such Goods Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, shall not pay the Sam or Sums of Money so rated, taxed, charged, and distrained for as aforesaid, and the Penalty incurred by the Nonpayment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, within the Time herein limited for that Purpose, together with the Coffs and Charges of such Warrant, and of taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, according to the Law now in force for Non-payment of Rent, within the said Five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained, shall be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by the Constable or Head-borough of the Parish or Place where such Distress shall be made (who is hereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose), according to the bed of their Judgements , and that after such Appraise-ment as aforesaid, the said Goods, Chattels, or Cattle, shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so rated, taxed, charged, and distrained for, and of the Penalty incurred by the Non payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money within the Time herein limited for that Purpose, and of the said Costs and Charges, and also of the Costs and Charges of appraising and felling such Distress; and that the Overplus arising from such Sale (if any), after Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Taxes chargeable by virtue Penalty on of this Act shall be paid to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Non payment Receivers for the Time being of the said District, Twice in every Year, a]mUed " namely, upon the First Monday in the Months of September and February, Time. at such certain Place in RamJ'ey aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct and appoint for that Purpose (pubTck Notice of such Time and Place of Payment being first affixed One Sunday upon the Church Doors of Ramsey and Bury in the said County of Huntingdon, the same to be at least Fourteen Days immediately preceding the Lid Time of Payment); and in case of Non-payment of the said Taxes within One Calendar Month after the Time so prescribed for Payment thereof, every Person so neglecting flvall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two pence for every Shilling due for such Taxes, and not paid as aforesaid, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum than Twenty Shillings, to be recovered in the same Manner as the 'Taxes charged by virtue of this Act are herein directed to be recovered.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tenants and Ttnantsto Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds, which shall be afieffed or rated p»y the by virtue of this Act, shall pay, and they are hereby authorized and re- <Jrdua the* qured to pay, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be fame out of assessed or rated on their respective Lands and Grounds in their several their Rents

192

No Htneficial Lessee to be allowed to deduit Taxes.

But not to dedufl Penalties.

Taxes to be levi-d on the Goods of Persons removing their Cattle-oft'their Lands.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Occupations, and to dedufl and retain out of his, her, or their Rent, all such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall so respectively pay as aforesaid; and the several and respective Landlords or Owners of such Lands and Grounds are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of their Rents; and that every such Tenant or Occupier, paying such Rate or Tax, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the said Rate or Tax so paid by him, her, or them, shall amount to, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been actually paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords.

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Lessee or Tenant of any Lands or Grounds charged with the Rates or Taxes imposed by this Act, who shall hold the fame by virtue of or under any Lease from any Bishop, or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclesiastical Corporation, Sole or Aggregate, or by virtue of, or under any other Lease or Agreement, of which, at the Time of passing this Act, there shall be more than Three Years to come and unexpired, shall be entitled to dedud the said Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, or any of them, out of the Rent received or payable by any such Lease or Agreement, but the said Rates and Taxes shall be charged upon and paid by the Lessees or Tenants so holding such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That where any Penalty or Penalties shall have been incurred for Non-payment of any Tax or Taxes, by virtue of any of the Provisions herein contained, and such Penalty or Penalties shall have been levied by the said Commissioners upon the Goods, Chattels, or Stock of any Person or Persons occupying any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, or where such Penalty or Penalties shall have been paid by such Occupier or Occupiers, all and every such Penalty and Penalties, together with the Colls, Charges, and Expences of taking such Distress or Distresses (where any such Distress or Distreffes shall have been taken), shall be borne and sustained by such Occupier or Occupiers respectively, and the Landlord or Owner, Landlords or Owners of such Fen Lands and Low Grounda, shall not be compelled or compellable to allow or pay any such Penalty or Penalties, or Expences, to such Occupier or Occupiers; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where no sufficient Distress can be found upon such Lands whereon to levy the Tax or Taxes, and Penalty which shall be then in Arrear in respect thereof, by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors of the Taxes appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered from Time to Time to make, as Occasion shall require), to levy all and every the said Tax or Taxes, and Penalty, which shall be then in Arrear, upon any Goods or Chattels of any Person or Persons so occupying any Lands chargeable with any such Tax or Taxes, whensoever and where-

soever

*93

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

soever such Goods and Chattels shall be found, together with all the Charges of levying the fame; and in case no sufficient Distress can be found upon any Goods or Chattels of any such Person or Persons so occupying any of the said Lands chargeable with any such Tax or Taxes, and Penalty, then and so often it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, by such Warrant or Precept as aforesaid, to levy all and every the said Tax or Taxes, and Penalty, which shall be then in Arrear, upon any Good* or Chattels of any Person or Persons owning any such Lands or Grounds, whensoever and where* soever the same shall be found, together with all the Charges of levying the same.

XLVII. And whereas it may sometimes happen that some of the Lands and Grounds in the said District may be untenanted or unoccupied for a considerable Time, and that no Distress can be taken thereon for levying the Rates or Taxes due in respect of the fame; therefore, for enforcing the Payment thereof in all such Cases, be it further enacteci. That where any of the said Rates or Taxes shall be in Arrear and unpaid by the Space of Twelve Calendar Months together, and no sufficient Distress can be found upon the Lands and Grounds charged therewith, or upon the Goods or Chattels of any Person or Persons owning or occupying the fame, or where the said Lands and Grounds shall be untenanted, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners, at any of their Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority to let to the bed Bidder or Bidders, by publick Auction, so much of the said Lands and Grounds upon which any Rate or Tax shall be so in Arrear, as they the said Commissioners shall judge sufficient, for such Term or Terms of Years, at such Rent and Rents, Fine or Fines, Premium or Premiums, and upon such Terms and Conditions, as to them the said Commissioners shall seem meet; and to apply the Rent or Rents, Fine or Fines, Premium or Premiums, arising therefrom, in Payment and Discharge of all such Rates and Taxes, and the Penalties incurred for Non payment thereof, and also the Costs, Charges, and Expences of advertising and letting the said Lands or Grounds as aforesaid; and where any of the said Taxes shall be in Arrear and unpaid by the Space of One Year together, and no sufficient Distress can be found upon the Lands and Grounds charged therewith, or upon the Goods or Chattels of any Person or Persons owning or occupying the fame, or where the said Lands and Grounds shall be untenanted, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners, at any of their said Meetings, shall have full Power and Authority to fell to the best Bidder or Bidders, by publick Auction, so much of the said Lands and Grounds upon which any Tax shall be so in Arrear, as they the said Commissioners shall judge sufficient to raise such Taxes, and the Penalties incurred for Non-payment thereof, and also the Costs, Charges, and Expences of advertising and felling the said Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of Five or more of the said Commissioners; and the Person or Persons to whom such Sale lTa.ll be made shall be a lawful Purchaser and Assignee of so much of the said Lands and Grounds as shall be so fold, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given to the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of the Lands so to be let or (old, by leaving the fame at his, her,

[Lee. & Per.'] 3 C or

Lands may be let or fold for Payment of Taxes.

For giving Notice to Owners of Lands to be let or fold.

*94-

Land* let to revert to the Owners afier Satisfaction of Taxes and Penalty.

Lands fold or let to be subject to the Corporation Tax as before.

Schedule of Lands to be let or fold, to be affixed on the Church Doors.

Distress not unlawful for want ofform.

Owners of Lands giving Notice of their Intention to relin-Huith any

GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

or their usual or last Place or Places of Abode, if such Place or Places of Abode be known to the Commissioners, and shall also give publick Notice Three Weeks successively in the Cambridge Newspaper, or some other publick Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Huntingdon.

XLIX. Provided always, That in all Cases where any Lands or Grounds shall, by virtue of the Provisions herein-before contained, be let by the said Commissioners, for the Recovery of the Taxes and Penalties due thereon, such Lands and Grounds shall, after the Expiration of the Term for which the same shall be so let, and the Payment of the said Taxes and Penalties, and all Expences incurred by the said Commissioners, or their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, relating to the letting of the said Lands (and which Expences they the said Commissioners, or their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, are hereby authorized and required to raise out of any such Rent or Rents, Fine or Fines, Premium or Premiums, arising and received from or in respect of such Lands and Grounds) revert to the original Owner and Owners, Proprietor and Proprietors thereof, and be as fully and effectually vested in him, her, or them, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Lands or Grounds had never been let by the said Commissioners.

L. Provided also, That nothing contained in the Proviso hereby given to the Commissioners to let or fell the Lands for the Non-payment of the Taxes imposed by this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to exonerate or discharge any Tax or Taxes that are or may be imposed by virtue of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens calle Bedford Level; but that all Hirers and Purchasers thereof shall have and enjoy the said Lands subject thereto.

LI. Provided also, That the said Commissioners shall cause a Schedule of the Lands so to be let or fold for Taxes in Arrear, to be affixed upon the Church Doors of the Parishes where the said Lands shall lie. Three successive Sundays before the Day of Letting or Sale.

LII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Rate, Tax, or Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, or for any Penalty incurred on Non-payment thereof as aforesaid, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Rate or Assessment to be made, or in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by any such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Proprietor of any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying within the District aforesaid, shall, by Writing under his or her Hand, give Notice to the said Commissioners, or to their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being,

of

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 195

of his or her Intention to relinquish and give up any of the said Fen £an,s> Lands and Low Grounds into the Hands of the said Commissioners, in from Paf!' order to be exonerated from the Taxes and Penalties payable in respect ment of the thereof, that then and in such Case every such Person shall, from the p/ndtit»fn Delivery of such Notice, be wholly exempt from the Payment of all r fp-a there-Taxes and Penalties in respect of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds m^fl;oiie^0m* specified in the said Notice, and then and from thenceforth all Proceed- mav in such ings taken by the said Commissioners, or any of their Collectors, Receivers, or Agents, against any Person or Persons whomsoevef, or against «ed to let his, her, or their Stock,-Cattle, or Effects, for the Recovery thereof, nds so're-the said Taxes and Penalties so in Arrear, in respect of the said Fen linquilhtd. Lands and Low Grounds so specified in the said Notice shall be null and void; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners immediately after the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid, to let or fell, by publick Auction, all and every the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds so specified in the said Notice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, at the Discretion of them the said Commissioners, and to apply the Monies arising from such Letting or Sale for the Purposes of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfdl fot Commission-the said Commissioners assembled at the First Meeting to be holden after ^Money* the passing of this Act, or at any General Half-yearly Meeting, and they on Credit of are hereby empowered from Time to Time to borrow any Sum or Sums ,he Taxtfc of Money, not exceeding in the Whole Three thousand Pounds, which they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over the said Rates or Taxes imposed or to be imposed on all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds by virtue of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum and Sums, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame, or to his, her, or their Executors, Admi-niltrators, or Assigns; and all and every such Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment thereof shall be made, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors on the said Taxes, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money; and that every such Mortgage or Assignment (halt be made for the Sum of One hundred Pounds only.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all such Mortgages or Assign- Form of foments shall be in the Words or to the Efteft following: curitie*.

nY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [Jet ‘ forth the Title of the A£T\ we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed ‘ and Seals affixed, being Commissioners acting in Execution of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of to us in Hand

paid by A. B., do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the

laid A. B., his Executors* Administrators, and Assigns, such Propor-

tion of the Rates and Taxes arising by virtue of the said Act within

‘ the said District, as the said Sum of doth or shall

bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit of

‘ the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

until the

196

Copits of Mortgages to bt entered.

Transfer of Mortgages.

Notice of Transfers to iie given to the Clerk.

Taxes charged with the Principal Monies and vetted in the Creditors.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

said Sum of with Interest after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid and satisfied. Given

‘ under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the

Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and which Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected by all Persons whomsoever, for which Inspection and Perusal the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid and no more; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form, or to the Effect aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest, to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

r being entitled to the Sum of secured to

‘ A Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue of a

Mortgage or Assignment bearing Date the Day of

under the Hands and Seals of of the

of the said District, acting in Execution of a certain AQ. of Parliament, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign ‘ of King George the Third, intituled, An API \_set forth the ‘Title of the

APT], do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to tltr lame,

and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon,

unto his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments, and for which Entry the said Clerk shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and the Payment thereon; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates or Taxes intended to be imposed on all the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Principal Monies to be borrowed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and with the Interest of such Monies from Time to Time, and shall vest in the Creditors upon Default of Payment of such Principal

Money

i97

44° GEORGII III. Cap. is.

Money and Interest, until the fame and every Part thereof shall be fully satisfied and paid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the said Creditors, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, shall have the fame Powers, Right, and Privileges of recovering the said Taxes for or in respect of such Principal Monies and Intereil, in case of Default in Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, and their Collectors and Receivers, could have had in case such Principal Monies and Interest had been regularly paid.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds shall, after the passing of this Act, be so overflowed and inundated with Water, that the Works hereby directed to be done cannot be begun or completed, or in case any Money exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds shall at any Time appear to remain upon Balance of the yearly Accounts in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, that then and in every such Case the said Commissioner-: are h-reby authorized and empowered to lay out and invest the Monte1 hereby directed to be raised and levied by the Taxes, and also the Money so remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer as aforesaid, at Interest, in Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, until such Time as the said Works can be begun or completed, or until such Balance shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, and shall from Time to Time buy in and fell out, or invert the fame, and receive the Interest arising therefrom, as often as they shall think proper, or Occasion shall be and require; and that the Interest arising from such Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Purchase of other Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, as before directed; and that the said Commissioners, or the said 1 reasurer,shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss that may arise or happen, unless by their or his wilful Neglect or Default.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously burn, cut, throw down, break down, or otherwise injure or destroy any Bank, Mill Hill, Mill Engine, Flood Gate, Tunnel or Sluice, or any other Works already erected, supported, maintained, or used, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be making or erecting, or be made, erected, supported, maintained, or used, or shall obstruct any Person or Persons employed in making or erecting the fame, by virtue of this Act, for draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said District, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court, by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall hereby have Power and Authority to cause such Persons tobepunished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of inch Punishment such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to obstruct any ancient Roadway heretofore used, or to prevent any Person or Persons from conveying Turf, or otherwise from getting into any Lands adjoining the said Droveway, called Uggmecr Cote Grove.

If Lands are inundated, and the Works cannot be begun or completed. Money raised to be laid out at Inter

Penalty on de^roying Works.

\Loc. ft? Per.]

198

Penalty on turning Hogs on tjic Bank?,

To limit the

digging of Tuis.

Pemlty on Persons dif-cha, ging Water by any Engine, except into the River Ntne} &c.

Restriction* as to planting Trees or

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

LlX. And be it further enacted, That if any Hogs or Swine shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, be found upon the said Banks, or any of them, the Owner or Owners of such Hogs or Swine shall forfeit and pay, for every such Hog or Swine so found on any of the said Banks, the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Time such Hogs or Swine shall be so found thereon.

LX. And whereas the Proprietors and Occupiers of Fen Lands frequently dig, or cause the same to be dug into Turf, whereby the said Lands are rendered of little or no Value, and often remain unoccupied for many Years afterwards, so that no Taxes can be levied thereupon, to the manifest Damage of the other Proprietors, and also of the Creditors who may lend their Money upon the Credit of those Taxes; wherefore, for preventing such Injury, and for the better Security of the Creditors of the said District, be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, to dig or cause to be dug, within the said District, more than Five hundred Hods, Turves, or Seffes, for every Acre of which he or they shall be Owners or Occupiers; and that no Person or Persons shall be allowed to dig or cut in the Whole (be the Quantity of his Land what it may) in One Year more than Twenty-five thousand of such Turves, Hods, or Sefles, under the Penalty of Five Pounds per One Thousand, to be levied upon the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle of the Owner or Occupier of such Land or Ground, or of the Person or Persons so digging the fame, wherever such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle shall be found: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or empower any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, to dig or Cause to be dug any Hods, Turves, or Seffes, further or otherwise than as such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, are by any Law or Laws, Custom or Customs, now in Force and Effect, authorized and empowered to dig any such Hods, Turves, or Seifes.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall erect, set up, use, or work, any Horse, Mill, Gig, or other Engine or Device whatsoever, for draining or discharging Water from any Lands in the said District, through or upon the Lands of any other Person or Persons within such Dif rift, or in any other Manner than directly and immediately from the Lands of the respective Owners of such Mill, Gig, Engine, or Device, into the said River Nene, or the said River or Cut, called The Bill Load, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Day such Mill, Gig, Engine, or Device, shall be so continued or repeated, to any Person who will sue for the same; and the Owner of such Mill, Gig, Engine, or Device, shall also make full Compensation and Satisfaction to all and every Person and Persons who shall be injured thereby, for the Damage done, or that such Person or Persons shall thereby sustain; and such Penalty, Compensation, and Satisfaction, shall be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no E(Toign, Protection, Privilege, or Water of Lawr, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Trees or Holts shall at any Time or Times hereafter be planted, nor any Buildings be placed, erected,

, or

4‘i-° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 199

nr built (except by the Order and Permission of the said Commissioners) Halts, erect-nearer to any Mill or Fngine made or to be made, erected, or employed or^--utting""* for the Purposes of this Act, than Three hundred Yards; and if any Dykes near Trees or Holts shall hereafter be planted, or any Building made, erected, ar"'

or built, within the said Distance, and such Trees or Holts shall not be taken up and carried away, or such Buildings be pulled down and removed, within the Space of Ten Days after Notice for that Purpose, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, be given to the Owner or Proprietor of the Land or Ground where such Trees, Holts, or Buildings respectively shall be left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Trees and Holts to be taken and carried away, and such Buildings to be pulled down and removed, immediately after the Expiration of the Notice so given for that Purpose; and the Costs and Expences thereby incurred shall be reimbursed to the said Commissioners, by the Person or Persons who committed the Offence, and may be recovered by Dillrcfs and Sale of his, her, or their Goods, Chattels, and Stock, wherever the same shall be found, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three of the said Commissioners.

LXJII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fer any Net or Nets, Tunnel or Tunnels, or any other Engine or Device etc. in Uie whatsoever, for the catching of Fish (otherwise than herein specified and Dikes, oirested, or for any other Purpose, in or against any of the Dikes,

Ditches, Drains, or Tunnels belonging to the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, or do any other Act whatsoever whereby to impede or obstruct the iaine, every such Person or Persons so offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Huntingdon (who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties so offending), shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, to be paid to the said Commissioners, and applied for the Purposes for which the said Assessments, Rates, and Taxes, are hereby directed to be applied, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of all and every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices; and in Defaulc of such Payment or Distress, the Person or Persons so offending shall be committed by such Justices to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as the said Justices shall respectively order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor lei's than Thirty Days, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Thirties, etc. cause all the Thirties and Weeds which shall arise or grow upon or in any tu bc mowed' Bank, Drove, or Waste, within the Limits of this Act, to be mowed, cut down, and destroyed, as often as they shall deem necessary, and that they shall and may make such Allowances and Payments for that Purpose, out of the Monks to arise by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper.

200

Power to catch and destroy Moles, etc.

To prevent

'miming

Hanks.

To prevent digging Soke Ditches, etc. near Banks.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, and their Collector, Treasurer, or other Officers, shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized to destroy all such Moles and other Vermin as shall be found in and about the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, the Drainage whereof is intended to be preserved or made under the Authority of this Act, and also in and about the Lands and Banks adjoining or lying near thereto, and for that Purpose to employ such Person or Persons, at such Wages and Salary, as they shall think proper; and that they, and such Person or Persons as they shall so employ, shall and lawfully may enter into and upon the said Lands and Banks, or any or either of them, for that Purpose.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be employed in burning any of the Lands or Grounds within the Limits aforesaid shall carelessly or wilfully set fire to and burn, or cause to be fired or burned, any of the Banks lying near or adjoining to any of the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, so as such Banks be by Means of such Fire destroyed or damaged, such Person or Persons being thereof lawfully convicted, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Conf flion, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Huntingdon, not interested within the Limits aforesaid (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer, and also to hear and determine the said Offence), shall give and make such Satisfaction and Recompence to the said Commissioners for Damage done to the said Banks, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable, such Satisfaction and Recompence to be paid by such Offender or Offenders within such Time as by such Justice or Justices shall be ordered or appointed, into the Hands of the Receiver, Collector, or Treasurer for the Time being, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to be applied for and towards the repairing and amending such Banks; and in case of Non-payment thereof, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall, by such Justice or Justices, be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County, for such Time or Times as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such Damage or Recompence shall be paid.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make or cause to be made any Soke Dike or Ditch, in and upon any of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the Distance of Twenty Feet from any Bank now made or hereafter to be made by virtue of this Act, within the Limits aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Three-pence for every Foot in Length of such Soke Dike, and after the fame Rate for every Month such Soke Dike shall remain unfilled, after Notice given by the Clerk or Agent to the said Commissioners to such Person or Persons who shall have dug or caused to be dug the fame; and the said Commissioners shall have full Power at any Time, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands wherein such Soke or Soke Dike shall be made, to fill up and level the fame; all which Forfeitures

20*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

feitures shall, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Huntingdon, not interested in the said Fen Lands or Low Grounds, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby required and empowered to administer, and also to hear and determine the said Offences,) be immediately paid into the Hands of the said Collector, Receiver, or Treasurer of the said Taxes, to be applied for carrying on the Works of the said Drainage; and in case of Non-payment thereof, such Forfeitures shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Offenders shall, by such Justice or Justices, be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County of Huntingdon, for such Time as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners and Occupiers of Lands, lying and being within the said District, shall, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, keep or cause to be kept all the Outring or Division Dikes or Drains belonging to them respectively, of a sufficient Depth, and of the Breadth or VVidth of Nine Feet at the least, and shall also from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, cause the fame Drains or Dikes to be well and effectually roaded, scoured, and cleansed from Weeds, and other Rubbish and Gbftructions, and cause proper Tunnels to be laid therein where necessary, for the better issuing, running, and conveying the Waters therein; and if any Owner or Occupier shall not, within Fourteen Days next after Notice and Direction in that Behalf in W riting, under the Hands of Three or more of the Commissioners for Drainage for the said District where such Lands lie respectively, shall be given to him or her, or affixed on tome conspicuous Part of Ramsey Bridge, (in case such Place of Abode be above the Distance of Seven Miles from such Lands, or shall not be known,) cause and procure such Drains or Dikes to be roaded, scoured, cleansed, deepened, and widened respectively, and such Tunnels to be laid in pursuance of and according to such Notice and Direction, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause the same to be done in a proper and effectual Manner, and by Warrant or Precept under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower their Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, to levy and raise the Charge and Expence of doing thereof, by Distress and Sale of such Goods and Chattels as shall at any Time thereafter be found on the Lands to which such Drains or Dikes, Bridges or Tunnels, shall appertain or belong, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof; and every such Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, for every such Neglect, shall forfeit the Sum of Three-pence for every Rod of the Drain or Dike so neglected to be deepened, widened, scoured, or cleansed.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to dig and take away any Earth or other Materials in any Common Lands and Waste Grounds within any Parish [Lor. ds? Per. 1 3 E in

Outring and Division Dikes to be kept open by the Proprietors.

Commissioners may <lig Earth in the Wastes.

20 2

Commissioners to Jet Mill Drains for Fishing.

Mills to be in sured.

Commissioners to make Orders for opening and (hutting down Tunnel* and Sluices, and to appoint Officers for that Purpose.

Penalty on opening or (hutting down Tunnels or Sluices contrary to Orders.

Penalty on cutting Turves, etc. near the Banks.

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

in which any Part of the said District is situated (Drove Ways and Roads only excepted), without making Payment for the fame, for the Purpose of embanking and preserving such District; and in case there shall be no Common Lands or Waste Grounds within any of the said Parishes, where such Earth or Materials can be procured, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to purchal'e and procure Highland Earth for such Purposes.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at any of their Half-yearly Meetings, or at any Adjournment thereof, from Time to Time to let, in such Lot or Lots, and in such Manner, and at such Rent or Rents, Fine or Fines, and upon such Terms, and under such Rules and Regulations, as they may think proper, the fever.il Mill Drain or Drains, made pnder the Authority of this Act, for the Purpose of Fishing, and the Person or Persons hiring the same shall have the exclusive Benefit of such Fishing; and the Rents and Profits arising therefrom shall be paid and applied in the same Manner as the Taxes to be raised by virtue of this Act are herein directed to be applied: Provided always, that the said several Drains so to be let shall not be used at such Times and Seasons when the several Mill or Mills shall be employed in discharging Water therefrom.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause each and every Mill and Mills which shall be erected or employed by virtue of this Act to be insured against Fire at the Publick Office or Offices, and from Time to Time to pay the Expence attending such Insurances out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act in or upon Account of such District.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint One or more Officer or Officers for the Purpose of opening and ffiutting down the Tunnels and Sluices already set down or to be fee down, and made use of for the Purpose of admitting Water from any River through the Bank against the fame, for the Benefit of Cattle, or otherwise, in the Execution of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to make such Order or Orders, touching the opening or ffiutting down of the said Tunnels and Sluices, as they shall think proper; and if the said Officer or Officers, or the Person or Persons acting by or under his or their Authority, shall open or shut down any of the said Tunnels and Sluices, or any of them, every such Officer and other Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter cut or dig, or cause to be cut or dug, any Turves, Hods, or Seffes, within the Distance of Sixty Feet of any of the Banks to be made and thrown up by virtue of this Act, or of any of the Soke Dikes within the Limits of the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every One thousand Turves so cut or dug as aforesaid.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 203

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner of Owners ac-every Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, navigating within the Limits for Damages of the said District, shall, and he, {he, and they is and are hereby made done by the answerable for any Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, that shall be Buatmen* done by such Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, or by any of the Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, or other Person or Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectively, to any of the Buildings, Bridges, Banks, Locks, Batons, Dams, Mills, or other Works, erected, maintained, or repaired, or erecting or to be erected, maintained, or repaired, by virtue of this Act, either by the loading or unloading of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and shall, for every such Trespass,

Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, upon Conviction of any such Boatman,

Bargeman, Waterman, and other Person or Persons, before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Huntingdon, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), or on the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation, as shall be ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice, (provided that such Damages do not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds,) and shall also, over and above, forfeit and pay to the Informer or Informers any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be settled and determined by such Justice; but in case such Damages shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, the said Master or Owner of such Boat,

Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel. may be sued and prosecuted for such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and if a Verdict or Judgement shall be given against him or her, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in any such Case shall recover his Damages thereby sustained, with full Costs of Suit.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Boatman, Mailers to Bargeman, and other Person or Persons, and each and every of them, recover from shall be liable to repay such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation, Boatmen and Penalty, so ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice, with the Costs of levying and recovering thereof, to such Master or Masters,

Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Master or Masters, Owner or Owners, of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of such Damages, Satisfaction, Compensation, or Penalty, and that the fame, and the Cofl:3 thereof, have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, by such Servants,

Boatmen, Bargemen, or Watermen, or any of them, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any One Justice of the Peace for the County where such Penalty and Satisfaction shall have been incurred) the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Monies, as shall be Money ad-advanced and paid by any Person or Persons whomsoever for the Fees and other Expences in obtaining and passing this Act, shall be repaid and interest.1 satisfied by the said Commissioners, with lawful Interest for the fame, out of the First Monies to be raised by them by virtue of this Act.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Fines and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Act, (the levying and recovering whereof is Forteiture»-

204

Form of Conviction.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Ssffions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

of are not particularly herein diTefted,) shall, in case of Non-payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offenders respectively, on his, her, or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be or reside, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such J tiflice or Justices; and every such Justice orjultices is and are hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses upon Oath, and hear and determine the fame; and all such Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, (the Application whereof is not herein particularly directed,) shall be paid into the Hands of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act; and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Distress, and in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; (videlicet),

T)E it remembered, That on the Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

‘ is convicted before of His Majesty’s

Justices for the County of [ specifying the Offence, and

1 'Time and Place when and where committed, as the Case may be~\ contrary ‘ to an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign ‘ of King George the Third, intituled, An Act \_berefet forth the Title of the Adf\. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and SealsJ

the Day and Year first abovementioned.’

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in such Case he, she, or they may, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise (first giving to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Commissioners, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Nature thereof, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said

Coure

205

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Court thereon); and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, either hear and determine the said Appeal at futh General Quarter Sessions, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at M'rejhninjier or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County of Huntingdon, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fadt alleged in such Action or Suit to have been done, was done in pursuance of and by Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been fodone, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits; or if any Verdict shall pass against him, her, or them, upon a Demurrer or otherwise, then and in any of the said Cases the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unlei's Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Thirty Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if the Tender cf sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Moneyas he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, nor any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be con-[Loc. isf Per.J 3 F strued

Proceedings not to be qnaOted for Want of Form, nor removed by Ciruorari.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Pla:ntiffs not to recover after Tender of Amends.

Pre fervmff Righ sof the C Tporaiion of Beii/or J Ltvtl.

206 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

strued to extend, to invalidate, lessen, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities verted in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or in the said Governors, Bailiffs, and Conservators, by virtue of an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which, by virtue of the said Act of the Fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other Act or Statute whatsoever, now are verted in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

RishU of Lords of Manors received.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Right or Rights as any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred or Half Hundred, have hererofore had, within his, her, or their respective Manor or Manors, Liberties, Hundred or Half Hundred, within or without the said Boundaries, to Waifs, Estrays, Felons Goods, Privileges of Arrests, Escheats, and all Royalties, not prejudicial to draining, be hereby saved to them, their Heirs, Successors, and Assigns, severally and respectively; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Publick Act.]

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall be deemed and allowed a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the famtt.

- 1 1 1 J_ T. J—LL L.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

X*

Cap. 16.

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock, to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon,

[3d May 1804.]

w

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widen- Q. j. ing, and altering, several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon: And whereas by one other Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, »* G. j. intituled, An Act for enlarging the ‘Terms and Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Calling-ton Turnpike Road to Morwelham and New Quay, in the said County:

And whereas by one other Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more 14 ° 1 [_Loc. & Per.3 3 G effectual

210

Former Act for making the new Road &c. repealed.

Trustees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

effectual so much of 'Two Acts, made in the Second and ’Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwelhatn and New Quay, in the said County; as relates to the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, to Old Town Gate in Plymouth aforesaid, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock; certain Tolls were made payable, and certain Powers and Authorities given to the Trustees therein named, for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the several Roads therein mentioned: And whereas the said Trustees have proceeded in amending and repairing the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Ta-vijlock, in the County of Devon, by East Bridge, over the River Tavy, through Saint "John's Lane by Ash Farm House, and Sortridge Gate, to the North-east End of Horra Bridge, and from the South-west End of the said Bridge, by certain Places called The Rock Jump, Knacker's Hole, and Manadon Gate, to a Place called Old Town Gate, in Plymouth, and also the Road from the said Place called Manadon Gate, to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, and arising on such Roads; which Sums still remain due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and it would tend greatly to facilitate the Purposes of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, if such Part thereof were repealed, and further and better Provision made for those Purposes: May it therefore pleal’e Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts as relates to the repairing and widening of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock, in the County of Devon, by East Bridge, over the River Tavy, through Saint John's Lane, by Ash Farm House, and Sortridge Gate, to the North-east End of Horra Bridge, and from the South-west End of the said Bridge, by certain Places called the Rock Jump, Knacker’s Hole, and Manadon Gate, to a Place called Old Town Gate, in Plymouth, and also the Road from the said Place called Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things, in the said recited Acts contained, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Marquis of Tiviflock. Sir John Saint Aubyn Baronet, Sir Harry Trelawny Baronet, Sir William Elford Baronet, Joseph Andrews, Anthony Adams, William Andrews, Richard Abbott, Samuel Archer, Addis Archer, Isaac Abraham, John Arthur, George Arthur, Leonard Arthur, William Adams, John Arfcott Clerk, Robert Butcher, Thomas Butcher, Robert Holt Butcher, Thomas Buknal, John Bray, William Bonney, Thomas Burnaford, Richard Board, Joseph Bayly, Peter

Burnaford,

21 I

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Burnaford Clerk, John Burnaford, Humphry Bryant Clerk, Bolt,

George Blanchard, Jc/jh Pollexfen Bastard, Edmund Bastard, Thomas Bewes, Richard Boger, Richard Birdwood, John Bay/y, Robert Brent., George Boughton, John Briggs, William Bray, John Berryball, George Blanchard, William Blanchard, Robert Bichell, John Bichell, William Burnaford, Henry Beauford junior, William Bredall junior, Richard Beard, John Beard, Richard Beard junior, Edward Atkyns Bray, Francis Bedford, William Bedford, John Burgh, John Bidlake Clerk, Peter Birdwood, Christopher Birdwood Clerk, Jonathan Baron, Arthur Burrell, Richard Bayly, Charles Byrne, Thomas Hillerfden Bulteel, Charles Boyle, John Barton, Robert Bayly, John Brabynt Bayly, Samuel Collins Clerk, Philip Cookworthy, John Crofsman, William Cock, William Crapp, Hugh Crocker, John Carter, William Crocker, Henry CorniJIr, Benjamin Carpenter, John Condy, George Cudlipp, John Phillips Carpenter, Abraham Craze, George Crabb, William Crabb, John Carpenter, Joseph Carpenter, George Collins, Thomas Clea-ther, William Clark, John Campbell, Copplestone Coward Clerk, George Chamberlayne, Richard Hall Clark, Reginald Pole Carew, William Callings, John Cole of Petertavy, William Crabb junior, John Carter junior, Thomas Cornish, Samuel Carter, John Cudlipp Doctor of Medicine, William Cornish, Samuel Chubb, Samuel Carter junior, John Cole Doctor in Divinity, Charles Chamberlayne, John Cleventon, George Coryndon, William Cleather, John Collier, George Couch, Richard Cock, George Cooban, John Doidge, Charles Davison, James Davis, John Dunning, Maurice Doidge, Joseph Dawe, William Doidge, Sir John Thomas Duckworth K. B. Bartholomew Dunjlanville, Stephen Drew, John Dunjlanville Clerk, John Derby, William Parry Dyer, Thomas Elworthy, William Easton, Ralph Elford, William Edgecumbe, John Edwards, John Edwards junior, Thomas Edgecumbe, George Edgecumbe, Thomas Edgecumbe junior. Pierce Edgecumbe, Richard Edgecumbe, Jonathan Elford, Jonathan Elford junior, George Eastlake, William Eastlake, Maddaford Edgecumbe Clerk, Gabriel Edgcumbe, John Robins Edgcumbe, William Elford Clerk, Edward Elford, Theophilus Edwards Clerk, Thomas Eales, Thomas Edwards, James Elliot, John Foot, Ambrose Foot, Joseph Freeman, John Fortescue, John Fletcher, John Flood, William Ford, John Frankland, William Farr Doctor ot Medicine, John Foot Clerk, Robert Fanshaw, John Walter Foote, Daniel Friend, William Friend, John Bierson Foot, John Jejford Ford, William Foot, Robert Fuge, Benjamin Fuge, Samuel Fuge, Robert Fuge junior, John Hale Fuge, Richard Fillis, Robert Fortescue, William Graves, Thomas Graves, James Groves, John Gryles, John Gill, William Gill, Edmund Hcnn Gennys, John Gandy Clerk, John Gill of Petertavy, William Gill of Colcharton, William Gill junior, William Gill of Romaufleigh, William Gill of Morwelhain, John Gill of Tavistock, John Garland junior, John Glanville, John Gajking Dottor of Medicine, John Harris of Hayne, John Bidlake Herring, George Home, Joseph Howell, Joseph Hooper, Rollers Hicks, John Hyne, Charles Hawke, James Hawke, Nicholas Hyne, Jacob llornbrook, John Herring, Charles W. Hotchkys, Stephen Hammick, Robert Hughes Clerk, William Hare, John Harris of Radford, John Hawker, George Herbert, Sir John Henflow, William Harris, Thomas Hughes, John Pyne Herring, John Hillman, John Hillman junior, Thomas Harris, Stephen Love Hammick, Nehemiah Augustus Hunt, Henry Charles Hobart Clerk, Richard Hennah Clerk, Warwick Young Churchill Hunt Clerk, Richard Higginson, Benjamin Robert Haydon, John Hele, George Herbert junior, George Hunt, George Jago Doctor in Divinity, William Jope, Lewis

Jones,

212

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

'fanes, John Jones, Philip Justice, Peter Jope, Henry Johns, Humphrey Julian Clerk, Henry John, George Jefferina, Richard Julian, William Jacobson, Elir.ens JeJfep, John Moore Knighton, Thomas Knighton, Philip Kelly, Arthur Kelly, Arthur Kelly junior, Andrew Kinsman, Richard King, Samuel Kerpwell, William Hancock Kelly, Francis Kelly, William Kinsman, Simon Kinsman, John Luxmoore, Francis Luce Clerk, George Langworthy Clerk, John Lloyd, John Loney, John Livzty, Thomas Luxmoore, Henry L.uxmoore, Humphrey Lawrence, Philip Langmead, Manasseh Lopez, George Leach, John Clark Langmead, William Langmead, George Leach junior, James Lethbridge, Samuel Lang, John Lang, Jonathan Langmead, Thomas Lang junior, Thomas Lane, William Luke, Edward Lyne, Edmund Lockyer, Thomas Lockyer, Samuel Hood Linzee, Francis Lindsay, John J.ampcn Lewis, William Mallett, Hugh Mallett, Thomas Manadon, Stephen Mignan of Gennys, Joseph May of Goodmeavy, Joseph May, James Macadams, Samuel Merivale Clerk, Richard Morrice, John Morfhead, Jonas Morgan, Orlando Manley, William Manley Clerk, Vaughan May, Mark Milbank, Thomas Mangles, George Mangles Clerk, Nicholas Mill Clerk, John Maxwell, Thomas Miller, William Marshall, Richard Nelson, William Neil Clerk, Thomas Netherton, John Netherton, Montagu Parker, John Francis Pengclly, Thomas Pearfe, John Pritchard, Thomas Parsons, Edward Palmer, Nicholas Palmer Clerk, John Prideaux, Thomas Parsons of Taviltock, Richard Parsons, Hercules Payne, Thomas Parsons of Petertavy, John Spurred Pode, Ralph Panie, Joseph Pearfe, George Palmer, Richard Palmer, Henry Pengelly Clerk, George Parson, Simon Pleace, Edgecumbe Parsons, Thomas Prout, Pearce Parson, William Pearce, Samuel Payne, John Pridham, Joseph Pridham, Coppleftone Radclffe Clerk, James Richardson, Edmund Robinson, John Reep, John Revell, William Rowe, John Rowe Clerk, Thomas Rofhitty, Roger Rundle, Thomas Reed, John Reed, John Row, Richard Rundle, Robert Butler Remmett Doctor of Medicine, John Rideout, Sir John Leman Rogers Baronet,. William Rofdew, Richard Rof-dew, John Reed of Maratavy, John Rowe of Lamerton, William Rowe, Richard Rundle, Thomas Rundle, William Rundle, John Rowe, William Radford, Joseph Rowe, Robert Remmett, Richard Rous Clerk, John Radcliffe, Walter Shellabeer, Peter Symons, Thomas George Shortland, Robert Sargent, Thomas Sp/att, John Smith, James Smith, Alexander Shaugh, John Strong, John Slaman, John Teafedale Spry Clerk, Peter Sleman, Ri-Richard Sleman junior, William Stephens, Nathaniel Stephens, William Symons, Saville William Shepherd, Thomas Shepherd, Benjamin Shepherd, Michael Seymour, Andrew Sargent, Nathaniel Seccombe, Andrew Saunders, John Harrison Stapleton, James Stephens, Thomas Scammell, Charles D. Symons, Thomas Stewart Doctor of Medicine, George Trelevan, Peter Tonkin, Henry Tolchcr, William Taylor, Warwick Hele Tonkin, Philip Thorne, Samuel Tolfrey, Jonathan Tingcombe, John Tingcombe, Arthur Tremayne, Richard Vivyan, Philip Vivian, Thomas Vaughan, Nicholas Vincent, Richard Vivyan Willesford, Francis Willesford, John White-church, Henry Whitechurch, Thomas Windeat, William Windeat, Thomas Winfloe, Thomas Wyet, Thomas WiJ'e, Henry Whitechurch junior, Richard Welsh, Thomas Windeat junior, Francis Wills, Samuel White, Thomas Wodlcombe, Walter Willcock, George Woolcombe, Francis Woolldridge, William Woollcombe Doctor of Medicine, Henry Woollcombe, Manie Swete Walroud, Peter We/sford, Giles Welsford, James Woolldridge, William Woolldridge, DukeTougg Clerk, and Charles Tonge, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustets for amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the

Road

2lZ

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Road leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock, in the County of Devon, by East Bridge, over the River Tavy, through Saint John’s Lane, by Ash Farm House and Sortridge Gate, to the North-east End of Horra Bridge, and from the South-west End of the said Bridge, by certain Places called the Rock Jump, Knacker’s Hole, and Manodon Gate, to a Place called Old Town Gate, in Plymouth, and also the Road from the said Place called Manadon Gate, to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, and for otherwise carrying this present Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, that no Act of the said Trustees shall be No as valid

or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at

some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be

herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act Majority granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Time to whole

Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be Number not holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Trustees present at |j^SFivL every such Meeting, not being less than Five, and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees, a Chairman Chairman to shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen and r'^hav that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any the calling Question (including the Vote of the Chairman"! then and in such Case Votl:-iL shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Dif- Election of ability, of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors, nsw TtU<'"*‘ to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, to act in the Execution

of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the room of each Trustee so dying, or refusing, or being incapable of acting; and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be {landing on the said Roads, at least Seven Days before such Meeting; and every Person foelefted a new Trustee as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whose room or Head he shall have been so elected.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable Qualification of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in of Tlulltts* his own Right, or in the Right or his Wife, in the actual Possession or

Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Lands of the clear Yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds , and if any Person net being so qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any \Ltc. & Per.] 3 H of

214

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid,' or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Ptoofon the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Arts of Truf- Truffee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts clone anc* Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Truffee or Trustees before Cm- in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, prediction, valid. vjous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such P-rson or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

Vietualtrrs,

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who Of a‘tln'par'e keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick e' Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of aeiing as a Truffee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of colieding the Tods hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they, do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

Trustees may act as Juf tices, except where personally interested.

First Meeting of the Trusteefc

Trustees to defray their ownbxpences.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Pope’s Head Inn, in the Borough of Plymouth, on the Wednesday Three Weeks after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be bolden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there or at any other Place near to the said Roads, as to the said Trustees shall seem convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to ad in the Execution of this Act, the Truffee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day, within Twenty-one Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes ihat shall be Handing on the said Roads, at leaf! Seven Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the said Trustees shall at their several Meeting* defray their own Expences; and that no Person shall be capable of acting

as

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16. 215

as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meetings on Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or Times be thought necessary Emerg*«e'«-that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than the

Day to which i'uch Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to him or left at his lad or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting, shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order. Appointment, or Pro- No Order t»

ceeding, made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this ^wilt's' Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Meeting for Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, speci- ,o* un'iefta’ lying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by the Majoriyof Clerk to the said Trustees, be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that feiit'coa!

shall be Handing on the said Roads, at least Twenty-one Days before such cur. subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Four-fifths of the Trustees

present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration, and a greater Number of Trustees shall be present at such subsequent Meeting, than were present at the Meeting when such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding were had or made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be Proceedings t* provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries be enteitd-to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, relative to

the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them,

shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, "Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in pro-' portion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Book or Entries of

Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings t

relating or in any wise appertaining to the several Roads directed to be Atis, goo amended, widened, and repaired, by virtue of this Act, of any of the Evidence. Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Acts or any of them (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to the Directions of, and made Evidence

by,

2l6

TI ufttcsto appoint Officers;

an.l remove them;

and allow them Salaries.

Trollees to take S*ci rity fr« in the Tre surer. Officers to account.

Treasurer to acc unt \ early, on Oath.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

by, the said recited Acts or any of them) shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court, whatsoever; any Tiling herein contained to the contray thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treassurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to Time remove such Officers and Persons respectively, as they the said Trustees shall fee Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances, to the said Officers and other Persons, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; afld all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the last H’edne/day in the Month of October yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Ten Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Officer so refusing or wilfully neglecting shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine’the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Con-

fession

217

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i6«

session of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to admi-. nifter) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of dif-training and felling the said Goods and Chattels; or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such, Books,

Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treasurer and Officers aft Treasurers, Clerk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and Persons A&srre. appointed by virtue of, or acting, or who have acted in Execution of the pealed, to said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the several t^Trustee-Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Act, who under this shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power, any Monies collected by Att' virtue of, or any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, shall, when thereunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, within Ten Days after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, and all the Books, Papers, and Writings, relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or disbursed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto; and every such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Person so accounting, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify all their said Accounts , and if any such Treasurer,

Clerk, or other Person, shall refuse, or wilfully neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforesaid all Books,

Papers, and Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts,

218

On the Death of a Gatekeeper, Trustees may nominate another until the next Meeting.

If di (charged Gatekeeper refutes to deliver up Toll House, &c.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

so far as the fame relate to such Roads, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees in respect of the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refuting or neglecting, shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting, to appear before him, and upon his appearing or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, shall be due from such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person as aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof, to the said Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Tiullees hereby appointed, upon the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, of any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person in his or her Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said Roads, which Person so to be nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person in whose room or stead he or she shall be so appointed; and that if any Collector of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he or she enjoyed in Right of his or her Appointment to

219

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

that Office, within Two Days after Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll House, in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Four Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll House, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such Toll House shall (land or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector in Possession thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to continue the several Turnpikes already erected on the said Roads, and (in case they shall think proper) to cause to be erected such and so many other Turnpikes, to secure the Tolls hereby granted, upon or across the said Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near unto, or across, any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, and to continue the present Toll Houses, and to erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Houses as they shall think proper; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in Manner herein directed for the purchasing or taking Land for the turning or widening of the said Roads, to purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue, such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, at the said Turnpikes, the Tolls following, before any Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say)

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Carr, Calafti, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, the Sum of Three-pence: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, Mule, or other Bead, (exceeding Three in Number) drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Dray, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, Mule, or other Bead, (not exceeding Three in Number) drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Dray, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

any Justice may cau.e him to be put out.

Trustees empowered to erect Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and receive Tolls.

Tolls.

220

Increased Toll on Sundays.

Ti lls verted in the Trustees.

In cate of Dilpure concerning Tolls and Charges, the Matter to be settled by a Justice.

Turnpikes verted in the Trustees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Toll Gatherers or Collectors on the said Roads, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night) in each and every Year, to demand and take for and in respect of every Horse, Bead, and other Cattle whatsoever, passing through any Gate or Turnpike upon the said Roads, or any of them. Double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded and taken for the fame respectively on any other Day, by virtue of this Act, before such Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, diall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be, and they are hereby veded in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Roads, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and didrain, or cause to be seized and didrained, any Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, or their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Collector so seizing and didraining shall and may fell or cause to be sold the Horse or Horses, Beads or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements, so seized and didrained, or any Part thereof, at or near the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for didraining, keep, ing, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of didraining, keeping, and felling any Didrefs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Person so didraining, to detain the Didrefs, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, or the Charges of didraining, keeping, and felling the Didrefs, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained by some Jud ce of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Dispute diall happen to arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Cods; all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Didrefs, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or

any

221

*4° GEORGII III. Cap.

any of them, on the Roads directed to be amended, widened, or repaired, by virtue of this Act, and of all the Turnpikes and Toil Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively, and of all Mile Stones and Polls erected and to be erected, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements, which are or shall be provided for making and repairing the said Roads, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees hereby appointed, and they are hereby empowered to cause any Action to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment ro be preferred, against any Person or Persons who shall Ileal, break down, take away, injure, or spoil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile Stones, Polls, or any such Materials, Tools, or Implements, as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Tolls to be

tained shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, so as to enable any Col- Qnc"an lector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One 1 oil in ' ' y

any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at

Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, passing and repairing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll hath been paid in that Day for or in respect thereof respectively on the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver, gratis, on the Payment of such Toll.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Collectors of Litigation, shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, To,lstuhe or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or witueffes! any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason ol his, her, or their being appointed

to collect such Tolls.

XXIII. And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said Penalty on

Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, the

offer, or dispose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons any 0 s‘ such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Roads near unto any Turnpike erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Horse, or other Beall or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Beall, or Cattle, through or over any Way or Tallage (not being apublick Way or Passage) or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Beall from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person

\_Loc. fcf Per.] 3 K so

2j2 2 4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit md pay any Sunt not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof Qiall go to the Informer, and the other Moisty snail be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

wnptions?"

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead:, employed in carrying or conveying or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the lame Dav any Scones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or othei Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, or Wool not fold or dispoied of, but passing to be laid up, or placed in the Out-houses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying of conveying, having been employed only in carrying or convcving any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manures employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on any Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the funeral of any Person that shall die, and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day, on which Divine Seryice is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Devon, or of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Plymouth, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

n

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16. 223

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be Truth* may lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at Toils,’®*! any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which One Calendar with the Month’s Notice shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall ^"credu be (landing on the said Reads, from Time to Time, to lessen or reduce tors j

all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls granted by this Act, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to and after-Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls fa t'i1^s.(act'j^nce lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the luII ',= un-several Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force and effect with respect to Overweights:

Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, (so far as the fame releare to the several Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Act,) and of this Act, or of any of them, shall not have been paid and discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said Acts, (so far as the fame relate to the several Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired, by virtue of this Act,) and of this Act, or of any of them.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Tolls may b» and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at 2ny Meeting,

upon Twenty-one Days Notice being affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be standing on the said Roads, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest Yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame; provided that the Leases, Contradts, or Agreements, of or for the fame, be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by any Seven or more of the said Trustees; but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time, and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said l olls, shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treai'urer to the said Trustees, so as that One Monthly Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, ersufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Lessees.or Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm

to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and them, may for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person !^Jcl tl,e or Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the

2 24

Trustees may compound for Tolls.

OM Securities to be good.

Trustees may borrow Money.

Form of Mortgage.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Profecpdons as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to compound with any Person or Persons for any Period of Time, not exceeding One Year, for any Horses, Beasts, or Cattle, parting on the said Roads, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle, and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance Quarterly or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall appoint; and in Default thereof every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Bonds, Mortgages, Assignments, Grants, Conveyances, Leases, and other Securities, made or granted to or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any others whomsoever, acting by or under the Authority of the said Acts or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the several Roads to be amended, widened, cr repaired, by virtue of this Act, shall be as good, valid, binding, and effectua1, for and during the Continuance of this Act, as if such Part of the said recited Acts as relates to such Roads had not been repealed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX. And, for the more speedy raising such further Money as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money, as they shall judge necessary for ti e Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected or to be erected on the said Roads (the Charges of such Assignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwell ng House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ gY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Set forth the 'Title

of this A£l~\ We whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals artixed,

(being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act) in Consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Roads, in

Hand paid by A.B. Do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto

the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and

‘ Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act,

‘ and also of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, for collecting the fame, as

the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole

Sum charged and advanced or to be charged or advanced on the Credit ‘ of the said Act, to be had and holden from this

« Day

225

44 GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord

and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said

with Interest after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied.

under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, and the Mortgages or Assignments which were made in the Manner and Form prescribed by the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the several Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired, by virtue of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments respectively, have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest, to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue of a

Mortgage or Assignmenc, bearing Date the Day of

1 under the Hands and Seals of of the Trustees acting

in Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fourth Year of ‘ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Set forth the Title of ‘ this A(l~\ or made in the Second, Twelfth, or Twenty-fourth Years of ‘ the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, |"Set forth the Title of the said recited Acts, as the Case may bc~] upon the Credit of the said Act, ‘ Do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all

the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon, unto

‘ C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

XXXI. And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which fcintry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall nut be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof j and all [Loc. Ss" Per."] g L Persons for Sum of

Given

Copies of Mortgages to be entered.

Transfer of Mortgages.

Form of Transfer.

Notice of Transfers to be given to the Clerk in Three Calendar Months.

26

44° GEORGII 111. Cap. 16.

Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers, shall be made as aforesaid (as well such Mortgages or Assignments made by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the several Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired, by virtue of this Act, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, Trufree, to or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided nevertheless,

||1vetp!U'y*nty* that before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed. Notice, pre- Twenty-one Days Notice at the least shall be given of the Intention of borrowin' borrowing such Money, by affixing the fame on all and every the Turn-Money. 3 pike Gates erected on the said Roads.

Trustees may turn or alter the Courie of any Part of the Roads,

and may contract for the Purchase of Lands for that Purpose.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter, the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Roads comprized in this Act, and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree, with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, w idening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall, by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint, be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept m Repair, by virtue of this Atft, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair, by fitch Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bell Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Devon, or Town Clerk of the said Borough of Plymouth, according to the Jprildiction in which such Lands or Grounds shall lie, shall be good and flffeftual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. ib.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggre-gare or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trulls, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves; and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or proper to be purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be inquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Devon, or of the said Borough of Plymouth, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Pfemifes in question shall be situate (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer), and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the

Premises

227

Corporations, &c. empowered to treat.

In case of Persons re-fnfing to treat, or not agreeing, a Jury to settle the Kecom-pence.

32$

bsis

Verdict of the Jury to be final.

1o

-si

t

ion r.

Jury may be challenged.

Sheriffs, &c. may be fined for Neglect of Duty.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict, or Inquisition and Judgement, Order or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, again!! all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Rever-fion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons, anywise interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Inteiert, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Monty so assessed to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents or fin case of Refusal to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises, in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Three or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Devon, or Mayor or Recorder of the said Borough of Plymouth, in their respective Jurisdictions, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff, Mayor, or Recorder, to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriff or his Deputy, Mayor, or Recorder, is hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy, Mayor, or Recorder, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve: Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges again!! any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy, Mayor or Recorder, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury, and shall not appear, or alter having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who being furpmoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury, touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn or be examined,

or

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

229

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course Owner? of of any Parr of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road L3^ in opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Pur- n/w Hoad, chafe of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining to ha« the Land which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new fheo°ffRo«i. Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser

of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall (till be de-fnous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Treasureror Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit to be sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such old Road shall lie, stating that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be, and such Affidavit shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficienr Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively shall be willing, and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the lame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall By whom the give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall by

or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summon- paid, ing and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as. the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the [Lcr. fc? Per.'] 3 M said

23&

Trustees to pay Expence*, where Person:, from Absence, are prevented from trea ing.

Houses, fife, not to ce injured.

Application of Compensation it amounting to aoo /.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

said Trustees out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not intereded in the Matter in quedion, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame) and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trullees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique T uft, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement; or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the fame (h ill amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Spetd be paid into the Bank of Engl, nd, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex pane the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by ait Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person

or

44#- GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, assessing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or atfecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds pet Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated dr Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court* to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

231

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- fVion7fPk!s ments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- than ol., ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability e*ccedlnS or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall. at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, dnd be placed to his Accoufit as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Three or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (Inch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where such Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than

232

In case of not making out Titles;

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to he paid int( the Bank,

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Where any

Qtifftion shall ause touching the Title to Money to he paid to the Person who 0> ill be in Possession of the Land, (£c. at the Time of such Purchase, he shall hr deemed entitled thereto according to such P« (Tcf (ion, unless, t£c.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in casa of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the lame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case fitch Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_describing the m3; subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Inrereft, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased wich any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the

Satisfaction

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16. 233

Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some oth’ r Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any The Court of Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, en- Chancery may titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under "eXn'aUe the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be re- EXpenc«of quired to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the he paid"/0 Purchase of other l ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to Trustees. the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act:, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Forgetting and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and to and for all Materials u. such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cur, Roads.'C dig, get, gather, and takeaway any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones, Gravel,

Sand, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Roads, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River or Brook, in any Parish,

Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, Distiift, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees,

(such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyor?, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees,) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the fame may be had or found,

(such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard,

Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as aNurfery for Trees,) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference be-oc. Ss* Per.] 3 N tween

234

Notice to’be given to the Occupiers of incloted L >nds before Materials are to be taken.

Penalty on taking away Materials got by Order of the Surveyor.

Surveyor to make Drains,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

tween the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away or over, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other PeTon or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing such Roads, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Flace of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons, to dig. get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall take away any Gravel or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Waste, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have teen made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Gccupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any Drains or, Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge ne-’ - cessary

235

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

cessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Roads, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House) to be made Use of as a publick Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Roads are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then and in every such Case the Justices of the Peace, at the First General or Quarter Sef-(ions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of 'Devon, or Borough of Plymouth, according to the Jurisdiction in which the Land shall lie, next 'after the Expiration of Thirty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame; and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees) from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Rails, Steps, Sign Posts or other Pods, and also by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks or Drains, running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bushes growing in any Part of the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall refuse or neglect to do so for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refilling or negkfting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall b^ applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Making reasonable Satisfaction.

In case of Difference, Justices in Sessions to determine the same.

Surveyor ma; remove Annoyances*

236

Penalty on drawing Timber or Stone c n the Roads, otherwise than on a Wheel Carriage.

Roads to be measured, and Mile-stones to be fct ll(l«

Penalty on damaging Mileltones.

For preventing Annoyances.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Roads to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than forty Shillings.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, and Ports to be erected to denote the Distance of every such Port from any Town or Place, as the Lid Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Polls upon such Parts of the said Roads where the same are c.rossed or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any of the Stones or Ports erected or to be erected on any Part of the said Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure, any of the Stones or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges or Arches on any Part of the said Roads, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone, Port, or Parapet Wall, so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks, shall be so obliterated or defaced, One Moiety thereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on, or drive, or lead any Horse, Beall, Caule, or Carriage, over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Ports or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Bead, drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall scrape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing, which shall be or lie upon any Parc of the said Roads, with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, (without some reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed, in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be,) in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnefled or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Fart of the said Roads, or on

= 37

44 GEORGII 111. Cap. 16.

the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten ^hillings or more than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go tojhe Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Pdtposes of this Act.

LII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against ’this Act, may Power to be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Collea«s,^ Officers under this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may unknown be lawful to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, dr other Offi- Pei-[onj)f cers respectively, to ieize and detain any such unknown Person or Per- offences fans guilty of any Offence against; this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Persons Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be gtatu^Work chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to continue (6. to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and Justices to may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, or Borough of Plymouth, in their respect touching* tive Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Statute Work. Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Cleric or Surveyor by their Order, Nearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to, be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Iieftrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Eft'ett for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may [Loc. & Per.~\ 3 O allot,

238

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do fitch Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hav-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person, who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him. Tier, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Pena'ties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Roads, all which F01-feitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in falle or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Trustees may

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

so^Sutufe anc* ^0T l^e "1 rQftees, to compound and agree with any Person or

Work. Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs of Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads

shall

239

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i6.

shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by che Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be'by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in Advance* on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall in the first Place be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, on the several Roads to be amended by virtue of this Act, or out of the first Monies borrowed, received, or collected, by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts on the Credit of the Tolls collected on such Roads, and to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Dili ref's and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Devon or Borough of Plymouth, where the Offence shall happen, (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath); and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress, and such Penidties and Forfeitures when recovered, (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied), shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

Application of Money.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

2\0

Anions to be brought in the Names of the Treasurer or C’!<y k, or One of the Trustees j

hut nehlier of them t» be liable to the Payment of Colts.

Appeal.

Distress not ro be unlawful for want of Form.

Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of Foi m, or removable by Ctrliorari.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

LVIf. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Traftees, and no Tusji Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on account theteof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LV1U. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved- by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place, (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) next afeer the Expiration of On£ Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at lead, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance, before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and all such Determinations shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

1 LIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by vlhue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgment, or other Proceedings, made touching or concerning any of the

Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quaftied or vacated for want of

44* G EX) RGII III. Cap. r 6.

of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any Other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they, shall think (it, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Devon, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the Wednesday Three Weeks after the passing thereof, and ILot. Per.] 3 P shall

Plaintiffs not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends,

Limitation of Actions.

Publick Act,

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

242 44° GEORGII i III. Cap. 16.

shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

/’ 'It .‘I

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

1" Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S04.

'1

ill' /ci L it jfic-jii'A LohiiiUti 'jui .’. * i >; j f; ji

1" Jill ’;iiiyib S ,;n i)3/V fl J,;! /ini SI r /<).; ToUbniEPl arfj i.j.ri. ton noifrtA

cl m ,morli io ,-wrf ,itti-I o) sbn t n i /hr..- ' cnA msi./ /: jo j^bt T

-aO no snthire? ([ .:i A«'ili -..-(j no 'to , rr.citA ii.; f,;rf

Ihr:1. r.’l.nnT ;'it/t ca ih;D ni; u; J/Aooid r.oiir A «f: iinr.lnal

To .... o. . i t\;i i. i; i.; Hi .*t,|: vr i, - £ !. ru j j rived

i. '

r jqmrjrfw ,ii ifuirit JitiR i- to ,'j'sl «s»rl 'iu ft ;>u! n; 0

bit* t:i 'I, i. sh/un sd IIe: 1 ,’fiit - I i i. ibtU , _;

'{I' ! X sv.qi.j vi jiud.ny.act -.it awsiw «/io*»; ..-ti’-. f,.: rtj

, ' .: . r> o r. M

to Mitttim.T

Jilt i

:;A. it; trfii'l

ii ,:Q 3:r’^ to n<. r j on s..i!T , ' IiZJ

- uq ’ rt ‘ . . . . to-nnlri' i nr; J n u^i: b . 'r od

i ^:» 1 V;.} ijjia lx >.i . 'i. A nf. ieO .: T i!'- , ' A; j nr(till

orfl nf hslii. L uljjtifjri: '* ’ fl . "'u? in nr . >/ flint ?tdv» bee b*j :im

ii./l iL«i no n . IjA i!jr;t ,u line; n* ton bns io .'Jitf'D

U in ,!tjti. i JVi-li jic w ! iiohd Jr! -:vrd d

tf.-.t'i’ i ! rjiti; V» «i Vr x LyobfTST to t 1 tm noiia^ehk^ j. - vii/'l s

i-jdtv yi:c ui d*,; id Jltdi ~ 'ti1 ’ ih 'v. ti' nnn \ brli/ril

Left 11. :U i/i: fbi'l tli bflB tin , i’.tjtot/: s.; ( yinuoO

I. ' J- btsV "! T: ’ > hnn; > Q no J ' aril idi

UotUfi 1. Ji r , ,rtd .:ry M'b IO b.jitll fi Hr.di oTi.: :i !4I to -.;i:

1iV\Tpi«»qqi. jviifi ILJt uns'.'v'laG t» i . . A fj , ttBAtpsiH so'fliiiit’s!'] silt ilntKjiJ navig ad IUsdv tn3mj(bu[ mi . '«>,' ;.. it r u "o ti*- .-jb<J sth i-:< rt,ni yn (

iG; :. i. 9i.\ l s.S; > :itt v. yi-;/. # h«l: rd !',.«> ...A,-.'

til; . '

b: .-’l.T.:’ j.l !l!i )! - f , I

.; - . f>i»j

- ' . . I,

_ ;!ft;b

inommo-j H.irfl JoA aidi JtdT brlamw ndm> Jt sd baA V1X.I

v .." 7 iv; i i v ,;n !.( no so/...} Mbtl

,1 C [.xslV T

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 17.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchef-ter, over Worthy Cowdown, to Newtown River, and also the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of His pre- *G.j» sent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for altering, widening, and amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester^-uer Worthy Cowdown, through Whitchurch and other Places, to Newtown River, and also the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year 13G.3. of the Reign of His said Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees, appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless [Loc. ft? Per.] 3 the

246

Acts further continued.

Additional Trustees.

Trustees to take au Oatiu

Oath.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majestythat it may be. ensued; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thh prtient Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, dailies. Matters, and Things, therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), JbaTI be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, herein contained, and which Hull commence and take Efied upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit of the said AJLs and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame resp.edkdy.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Honourable William Broderick,

the Honourable William Augustus Townshend, the Honourable Algernon Herberts Caroline Herbert Clerk, John Dmvtftn Cienk, Arthur Atkinfm Clerk, David Middleton Clerk, Anthony Bacon, William Richards, Benjamin Saunders, William Smith, William Pern, William Wickham, Hinton Bailey, the Honourable and Reverend Augustus Legge, John Pearce, William Sweetapple, Hugh Mundy, Richard Dear, Anthony Dale, Jfias Gale the younger, Thomas Curtis, Thomas Evans, William Crefwick, Matthew Munday, John Curtis, Edward Hearn, Robert Vincent, George Hollis, Samuel Deverell» Thomas Jarvis, John Andrews, Major Bull, Daniel Ludlow, and Thomas Drake, being qualified according to the Directions of the said First recited Act. Stall be added to and joined with the Traders appoint'^ by or in pursuance of Che said recited Acts or either of them, ior putting tthe said Acts and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees herein-before nominated are hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of (he said Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intends and Tur-pol'es, as if they had been appointed Trustees by the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. Provided always, That in future no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trullee in the Execution of the said former Acts cr this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath, at some Meeting of the said Trustees, before any Five or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby empowered to administer the same; (videlicet),

I A.B. do swear, That I am [reciting the Qualification he claims under or by virtue of the said former Acts], and that I will rruly and faithfully

execute the Trusts and Powers velted and repoled in me by an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, lor, et cetera \here insert the Title of this Act'], according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Affirdion xo any Person whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

1 And

*47

44-° GEORGII in Cap. 17.

Arid if any PerCon not being qualified as directed by the said former A£h shall act as a Trustee in putdng the said former Acts and this Act in Execution, or being £b: qua lifted, shall, previous to his acting, if thereunto required as aforesaid, neglect or refute to take such Oath as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in Manner, and upon the Terms and Conditions, mentioned and prescribed by the said former Acts or either of them, respecting Penalties on Persons acting not being qualified; which Penalty when recovered shall, after dedudiing the Charges and Expences of recovering die fame, be applied One Half to the Informer or Prosecutor, and the other Half towards executing the said former Acts and this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted by the General Ex-said recited Acts shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, en’Pdons-Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stories, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the Did Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying’ or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry; or any Mould, Dung, Sul-lage, Compolt,or Manures employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land', or’for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Palfure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church,

Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die, and be buried m any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or far any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Pofhnafter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Paffmger on Horse-back, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Southampton, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shill begin or be concluded; and if any Person

2*8 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulenr or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; One Moiety whereof shall go. to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Enabling the V. And whereas the said Trustees have found it necessary, to prevent Trustees to the Tolls being evaded, to erect a certain Toll Bar or Bye Gate across the

continue the . ° 9 . . r . . _r,

Gate between Road leading from a certain Street in Newtown aforesaid to Newbury, in jvfw/ow»n *ke County of Berks; and Doubts having arisen respecting the Right m&Newbury. vested in the said Trustees by the said former Acts to erect such Toll Bar or Bye Gate; be it therefore enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to continue such Toll Bar or Gate, and to receive and take such Tolls for or in respect of Horles, Cattle, and Carriages passing through the fame, as are allowed to be taken by the said former Acts at any other Bars or Gates upon the said Roads.

*VS/ »4’ . ft

Trustees may

VI. And 'c furt'ier enacted, That the said Trustees msy sue and lueandbefued be sued in the Name of their Clerks, or either of them; and that no their'ci*"k'°f Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by virtue or on Account of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, or by the Act of such Clerk or Clciks, without the Content of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but the Clerk or Clerks, for the Time being, to such Trustees, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, as Clerk to be [hc Case may be: Provided always, that such Clerk or Clerks, in reimbursed whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, pro-

Sxpences. fecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act,

shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as by the Event of any such Proceeding he shall pay, bear, txpend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein as aforesaid.

Penalties

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Action,

may be com. Suit, Information, or Complaint shall be brought, commenced, or propounded for. fecutecj by, or by Order, or under the Authority of the said Trustees, or any of them, against any Person or Persons for any Penalty or Penalties imposed by the said Acts or this Act, or for Breach or Non-performance of any Concraft or Contrafts entered into, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to compound or agree for the fame, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, instead of receiving the Whole of such Penalty or Penalties, but the Sum or Sums so compounded or agreed for shall not be less than the Injury or Damage for which such Prosecution or Action may have been commenced, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

Directing the

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if arty Money shall be agreed or Applicattonof awarded to be paid for any Lands, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said former Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, cr Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined or capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds^rr Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold (or the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabilitycr Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, ac the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands cr Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, [_Loc. & Per.] 3 R and

249

paid for Coon, peniation for Land., etc.

Where less than 1001, and exceeding 10 /.

2$o 44-° GEORGII lilt Cap. 17.

and approved of by Five or more of the said Tiuftets, (such Nomination and Appiobation to befignified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating or approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the D v dends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

where tess X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so

than zot. agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committee?, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Meney allowed for Lands, etc. purthife I, how to be charged and tendered, etc.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Prcmifes, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so otdered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovtred, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments \describing the m~], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a lum.mary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rdpedive Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specilying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to futn Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ctueftion Q.ueit)on shall shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the the TiUe to" S Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Gene-Money toi e ral of the Com t of Chancery, inpurfuanceor the said recited Aftsor this Act, Jon nhoflalf" ^or Putchafeof any Lands, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, he in Poll'd- or Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuanca

Lands fev. thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased wi ll any such

Money,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 251

Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, «the Time of the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Jhjij Lands or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons *d entiried claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Per- coidhigTo" son or Person', shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to tuchPoffef. such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the con- fion‘ trary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Autho- Expences of rity of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall *®he

be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Pur- Trustees/ * chafe of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses,

in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Acts, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in purfuar.ce of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Coils and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Truliees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Ex- For paying the pences incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall '$s

be paid out of any Money now in the Treasurer’s Hands, or out of the First Monies to be raised by virtue of the said former Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, Putlbk Act. and taken to be a Publick Act, and as such be judicially taken Notice of,

by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by Term of this the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and deter- Act> mine , and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments, herein before-mentioned) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the

Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then nexc Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i8.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitechurch, in the County of Salop, to the Road between Nantwich and Newcastle- under-Lyne, and from Hinjlock to Nant-wich aforesaid.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the 7 G. j. Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled.

An Act to repair and widen the Roads from Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to the Turnpike Road between Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and Newcastle-under-Lyne, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid-, whereby the said Roads were divided into Two separate Districts or Divisions: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the iS c. j. Reign of His said present Majesty, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, by which said Act the said Districts were directed to be united into and made one entire District: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and for that Purpose have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remain due and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads sufficiently amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts [lec. ft? Per.'] 3 S be

25*

7 &»5 G- 3-

continued.

Additional Trustees,

Rediiction as to erecting Gates on certain Parts of Roads, repealed.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thac the said recited Acts, passed in the Seventh and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions. Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, therein respectively contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions, herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediatelyupon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or hereafter to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, or of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Broughton, Thomas Brazier* John Brazier, James Bayley Clerk, Robert Breakfpear Clerk, Richard Dod Baker, John Boole, Richard Boole, Daniel Boote, John Bellyfe, William Brifcoe, John BriJcoe, Stapleton Cotton, William Cotton Clerk, Lynch Cotton, Sir John Chetwode Baronet, Offley Crewe Clerk, James Cope, William Holt Davison, Peter Davies, Thomas Dobjon, William Eardley, Sir Thomas Fletcher Baronet, John Fenton Fletcher, Richard Grant, John Groom, Joseph Gould-bourn, John Gouldbourn, George Green, John Harvey, Thomas Heath, Thomas Hudson, John Bayley Harding, William Harding, Robert Harding, John Hall, Edward Jones, George Wat kin Kendrick, John Latham of Woore, John Lai ham of Woolf all, James Morrey, Thomas Mullintr, Peter Mulliner, John Nickfon the younger, Wollaston Pym, William Painter, John Rowley the younger, Richard Roberts, James Read, Thomas Swanwick, George Toilet, John Twemlow of Buerton, John Twemhw of Hatherton, Thomas Taylor, John Taylor, Richard Timmis, Thomas Unett, William Unett, John Pernon, Thomas Walley, Joseph Loxdale Warren, and William Williams, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees hereby nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, are hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of the said Aits and this Act, within the said United District, as fully and efftdually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been nominated or appointed in pursuance or by virtue of the said Acts.

III. And whereas by the said first-recited Act it is enacted, that no Gate or Turnpike shall be erected upon the said Roads within the Distance of One Mile from each of the Towns of Whitchurch, Drayton, and Nant-with aforesaid, or within the Manor of Madeley, in the County of Stafford, or between Burlcydam and Whitchurch, nor upon any Part of the said Road leading from Drayton to Adderley, which Restriction hath been found very

t4 prejudicial

255

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

prejudicial to the said Roads, and it is expedient that the fame should be repealed so far as respects the Roads comprized within the said United District as lies within the Manor of Madeley, in the County of Stafford, or any Part of the said Roads leading from Drayton to Adderley aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said first-recited Act as directs that no Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, shall be erected upon the said Roads within the Manor of Madeley, in the said County of Stafford, nor upon any Part of the said Road leading from Drayton to Adderley aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Gates to be for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, erected on^ to erect any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads within the Manor of Madeley, in the County of Stafford, or any Part of the said Roads leading from Drayton to Adderley aforesaid, and on the Side or Sides thereof, or across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame; and also a Toll House or Toll Houses, in, upon, or on the Side or Sides, or across the fame Roads, and shall and ' may cause any such Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll House or Toll Houses, to be taken down, removed, or altered, from Time to Time as they shall think proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted by the General Ex-said recited Acts shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, emption*. Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going

to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any ¥ Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry; or any Mould, Dung, Sul-lage, Compost,or Manure employed in Husbandryfor manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church,

Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die, and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning

back

*56 4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 1%.

back from conveying the fame; or fur any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Aims or Baggage-, or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal PafTes, or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horse-back, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Chester, Salop, or Stafford, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act; any Thing in the said Acts or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the full Tolls (save and except as herein-after mentioned) directed to be taken by the said recited Acts, or either of them, for the Passage of any Horse, Cattle, Cart, or Carriage, through any Turnpike or Toll Gate thereby authorized and directed to be erected and set up, together with the additional Tolls directed to be taken by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Aid to explain, amend, and reduce into One Alt of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the ‘Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, shall, from and after the passing of this Act be collected, received, and taken, as well at all and every the several Toll Gates or Turnpikes so hereby directed to be erected on the said Roads within the Manor of Madeley or any Part thereof, leading from Drayton to Adderley aforesaid, as also ac the several Toll Gates or Turnpikes by virtue of this Act to be continued, altered, or removed, on or upon any Part of the said United Dif-trifts of Roads; any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Occupj-rs of

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, shall be erected on any Parc of the said try top:-f. Tell- Roads lying within the Townships of Adderley and Madeley aforesaid, or arVe'rected on 0,1 Sides 'hereof, by the Authority of this Act, it shall be lawful for all

those Roads, and every Person and Persons rcfidenc in and Occupiers of Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the said Township of Madeley, and their and each of their Servants and Workmen re-fptccively, to go, return, pals, and repass, at all Timet, through such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, as shall be erected within the Township of Madeley aforesaid, between their and each of their respective Dwell* ing-houses and Newca/tle-under Lyne aforesaid, with Horses, Beads, and other Cattle, or any Goods or Carriages whatsoever, being the sole Property of such Occupier or Occupiers respectively, and not travelling or being carried for Hire, without Payment of Toll at such Gate or Gates; and also for all and every Person and Persons reftdent in and Occupiers of Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and

being

Tolls by old Acts, and by 13 G. 3. to be taken at all the Gates.

2 57

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

being in the Township of Adderley aforesaid, and their and each of their Servants and Workmen respectively, to go, return, pass, and repass, at ail Times, through such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, as shall be erected within the said Township of Adderlej, with Horses, Beads, and other Cattle, or any Goods or Carriages whatsoever, being the sole Property of such Occupier or Occupiers respectively, and not travelling or being carried for Hire, without paying or being liable to pay Toll at such Gate or Gates; any Thing in this or the before recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas by the said fird recited Act, it is also enacted, that no Person should be liable to pay Toll more than Once (except as therein-after excepted) for passing at any Time or Times with the fame Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, in the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twtive of the Clock of the succeeding Night, through all or any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of the said Act; but thac all and every such Person and Persons, after having paid such Toll or Tolls respectively as aforesaid, should, upon producing a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, denoting such Payment or Payments, afterwards pass with such Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, Toll-free during such Day, to be computed as aforesaid, through the respective Gate or Gates where such Payment or Payments reflectively was or were made, and also through all or any other Gates or Turnpikes, to be erected by virtue of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that the fame should be repealed, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said first-recited Act as abovementioned, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited Acts contained shall authorize, or be deemed or construed to authorize, the said Trustees, or their Collectors of Tolls, to ask, demand, take, or receive, Toll, above Once in a Day, from any Person or Persons, for any Horses, Cattle, Beasts, or Carriages, not travelling or passing upon the said Roads above the Distance of Ten Miles in One Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the succeeding Night; but all and every such Person and Persons after having paid such Toll or Tolls Once in a Day as aforesaid, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, shall afterwards pass with such Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, Toll-free during such Day, to be computed as aforesaid, through any other Gate or Gates erected or to be erected on the fame Turnpike Roads, within the Didance of Ten Miles from the respective Gate or Gates where such Payment or Payments was or were made; any Thing herein or in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. A'd whereas by the said fird-recited Act it is enacted, that no more than One Day’s Work should he done by any One Person or Team on the said Roads, who should be Inhabitants of the several Townships or Villages of Slapcley, Hatberton, Woore, and Gravenbungtr, or of the several Parishes of Whitchurch, Madclty, and Hinjlock, thtough which the said

[Lm. & Per.3 3 T Roads

The Restriction of taking foil but Once aDay,repealed.

Tolls to be taken at every Ten Mbts Distance.

New Regulation as to Statute Duty.

25» 44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Roads pass, which, through the great Length of Roads to be repaired, the Scarcity of Materials, and the great Distance they are obliged to be car. tied, hath been found inadequate to the Repair of the said Roads; be it therefore enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the several Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, and Hereditaments, within the several Townships or Villages of Stapeley, Hatherton, U'oore, and Gravenbunger aforesaid, and the Townships of Madeley and Onnelly, in the Parish of Madeley aforesaid, liable to perform Statute Duty, shall, in every Year, to be computed from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, perform Two Days Statute Duty on the said Turnpike Road, for every Team, Draught, or Plough, he, she, 6r they, shall by the said first-recited Act be deemed to keep; and that the Inhabitants of the several Townships or Vills of Old Woodhouses, New Woodbviefes, and Broughall, in the said Parish of Whitchurch, so liable to perform Statute Duty on the said Turnpike Road, shall, in every Year, to be computed as aforesaid, perform Three Days Statute Duty or> the said Turnpike Road, for every Team, Draught, or Plough, he, she, or they, shall be so deemed to keep as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said full- recited Act.

Money'11*

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of the said United Districts, or any Seven or more of them, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said United Districts, or upon the Credit of any Part or Parts of such Tolls, or upon the Tolls taken at any particular or separate Gate or Turnpike, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, as they, or any Seven or more of them shall think fit, as well for the satisfying and discharging the said several Debts now owing on the Tolls arising on the said United Districts, and the Interest thereof, as also for the more effectually carrying and completing the Repairs of the said Roads, and other Purposes of this and the said recked Acts; and that the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, may and are hereby empowered, by an Instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, such Instrument being atrefled by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said United Districts, to assignover the Tolls within the said United Districts, or any Part or Parts of the said Tolls to be taken at any particular Gate or Turnpike as a Security or Securities, to any Person or Persons advancing the fame, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, or either of them.

Application cf

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or

Money where awarckd to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or

exceeding ui'ed, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the

too/. Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, tuch Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parse the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of

259

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood lettled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be (old for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application of so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, or Hereditaments, ^>Pen n purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to ids than IOo/. any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity and above ,o/* as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable,

without

26o

Application where the Money is less than 20 /.

Money allowed for Lands, etc. purchased, how to be charged and tendered, etc.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purports of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, dial) not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid inco the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountanc General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments \describ-

],subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofmon of the lain Court, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a luminary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Coutt of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchas’eof any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. j8. 361

ditamfnts, cr of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Messuages, Build- beinPoiref-ings, Land‘d, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance Lands, &'. thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such attheximeof Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, Jhaished^iu-the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such ed entitled Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the dVn°*0* Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Per- such Poflefson or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be Con-deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and che Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wiongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by The Court

reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Expence* of or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said toh

Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required company!!* to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like IJfes, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Forpaying the

Expences, incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of

them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- judged and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such, by all judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by commenee-the said recited Acts shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and deter-

mine-, and that the said recited Acts and this Act (subject to the Alter- of the Act.

[Lsc. Per.] 3 U ations.

262

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

ations, Variations, and Additions, herein before-mentioned) shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessior. of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 19.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Town of Milton next Sitting-borne, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Town of Milton, near Sittingborne, in the County of Kent, are at present very ill paved and cleansed, and not either lighted or watched; and the same are subject to various Encroachments, Obstructions Nuisances, and Annoyances: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit, Safety, and Advantage, not only of the Inhabitants of the f.tid Town, but also of all Persons reioning thereto, and having Occasion to pass through the fame, if the said Town, and the Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and Passages belonging to the lame, were well and sufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like in future; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be eflfefted without the Aid of Parliament: [Lee. fcf Per.] 3 X May

266

Commissioners.

Appointment of new Commissionen.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir William Geary Baronet, Filmer Honywood, John Baker, the Honourable George WatJbn, the Members serving in Parliament for the County of Kent for the Time being, the Members serving in Parliament for the City of Canterbury for the Time being, the Members serving in Parliament for the City of Rechester for the Time being, the Members serving in Parliament for the Town of Maidstone for the Time being, the Members serving in Parliament for the Borough of Quinborowe for the Time being, Lieutenant General George Harris, Sir Edward Knatchbull Baroner, John Lade, John Smith, Sir Samuel Chambers, Sir Samuel Auchmuly, Knights; Richard Tylden, OJlorne Tylden, the Reverend Richard Cooke !Tylden Pattenfon, Bryan Bentham, Edward Shove, the Reverend Thomas Cobb, Edward Waljby Doctor inj Divinity, Alured Pincke, Alured Henry Shove, Andrew Hawes Bradley, William Vallance, Edward Brenchley, William Bland, William Henry Kemp, the Portreeve of Milton for the Time being, the Vicar of Milton for the Time being, the Churchwardens of Mil-ten for the Time being, Herbert Brace, Henry Hogben, John Burgess, Benjamin Walker, Thomas Grant, Robert Whitnall, Thomas Burgess, Edward Smith, Francis Smith, Edward Smith the younger, Benjamin Smith, John Packman of Rainham, John Cooper of Canterbury, John Swift, William Jordan, William Colley, Andrew Snoulten, William Murton, John Sea, John Hinde, William Sea, George Budds, Thomas Smith, John Sea the younger, the Reverend John Lough, Daniel Thomas, William Lyng, Abraham Phelps, Edward Marshall, Robert Hinde, Thomas Tarpe, John Hudson, William Whitnall, John Panton, Richard Goord, Thomas Colley, Edward Blaxland of Dully, John Dodd, Daniel May, Henry Grace, Thomas Dane, William King, Oliver Wilson, Zachariah Blaxland, William Birch, John Brett, John Rigden, William Knight of Sittingborne, Richard Seath, William Oakley, John Oakley, Thomas Moulden the younger, Robert Malfon, John Matson, Edward Malfon, John Lake, William Lake, Samuel Cray den, Thomas Stanley Wakely, William Ludgater, and the several other Persons from Time to Time to be elected and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Commissioners appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, shall die, or shall refuse to act for the Space of Three Calendar Months together, after having been duly convened by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or become disqualified as herein-after mentioned, then and so often it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, assembled at the then next Meeting which shall be held by virtue of this Act (the Death, Refusal, or Disqualification of such Commissioner or Commissioners as last aforesaid, and the intended Election of his or their Successor or Successors beingexpressed or noticed in the Summons for such Meeting) to elect and appoint a Commissioner qualified as herein-after mentioned it) the Room and Stead of every such Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, or becoming disqualified , and every such Commissioner so from Time to Time to be elected and appointed as herein-before is directed.

267

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

shall be joined with and added to the other Commissioners, and shall have the like Power and Authority for putting this Act in Execution as if he had been named a Commissioner in this Act.

IIr. Provided always, That no Person (save and except such Persons who by virtue of their respective Offices are by this Act appointed Commissioners) shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (otherwise than in administeing the Oath herein-after mentioned, which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) unless at the Time of his acting he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real Estate, lying within the Hundred of Milton, of the clear Yearly Value of Forty Pounds, above Re-prises, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or be rated or be liable to be rated by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act at or for the annual Value of Twenty Pounds, and shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the following Eft'eft:

‘ r A.B. do swear, That I am truly in my own Right, [or, in the ‘ A Right of my Wifcj in the actual Possession and Enjoyment [or, the

Receipt} of the Rems and Profits of a Real Estate, situate and being ‘ within the Hundred of Milton, of the clear Yearly Value of Forty

Pounds, above Reprifes [or, possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value ‘ of Eight hundred Pounds, or, that I am rated or liable to be rated f at and for the Annual Value of Twenty Pounds under and by virtue of

an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the

Third, intituled, An All [here set forth the Title of this All], and that

I will well and truly execute and perform all and every the Powers and ‘ Authorites veiled in me, in pursuance of the said Act, according to the

bell of my Skill and Judgement.

So help me GOD.*

And that no Person, who by virtue of his Office is by this Act appointed a Commissioner, shall be capable of acting as such in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the following Effect, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer).

A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly execute and perform all ‘ and every the Powers and Authorities vested in me, in pursuance of

an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the

Third, intituled, An Act [here Jet forth the Title of this Act], according to ‘ the bell of my Skill and Judgement.

'So help me GOD.*

And if any Person not being duly qualified, or if any Person duly qualified as aforesaid, shall, during such Time as he shall hold any Place or Office of Profit (except the Office of Treasurer) or be any way interested or concerned in any Contraft to be established or made by virtue of this Act, or any Work or Business to be done under the fame, or where he shall be personally interested (except as a Creditor) shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suits, to any Person

Qualification of Commissioners.

Oath of Qualification.

Oath.

Penalty on acting if not qualified

268

Commissioners not to act if interested, but may as Justices.

Meetings of Commission-€It.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Person who shall fuc for the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or otherwise, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so sued shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or that he did not hold any such Place or Office of Profit, or was not interested or concerned in any such Contract, Work, or Business, or otherwise as aforesaid (as the Case may happen), shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff than that such Person had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, not being qualified as aforesaid, or whilll holding any such Place or Office, or being interested or concerned in any such Contract, Work, or Business, or otherwise as aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Justices of the Peace for the said County to act as such in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Commissioners under the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed by virtue of this Act, shall meet at the Court Hall in the said Town of Milton, on the Monday Sevennight next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, in order to put this Act in Execution, and shall and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn rhem-selves to and meet at the Place aforesaid, or any other convenient Place within or near the Limits of this Act; and if at any Time there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number to ad of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, any Two of the Commissioners present may adjourn the Meeting to another Day; and in case of any Neglect or Omission to adjourn, any Three of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall and may call a Meeting at the Place where the last Meeting of the Commissioners was appointed to be held, by Notice thereof to be given to the said Commissioners in One or more publick Newspaper or Newspapers, published in the City of Canterbury or Town of Maidstone, or in case no Newspaper shall then be published in the said City of Canterbury, or Town of Maidstone, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated within the Limits of this Act, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting; and that at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the said Commissioners shall defray their own Expences (except for the Use of the Room or Apartment where such Meetings shall be held, which shall be paid for out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act); and no Ad of the said Commissioners shall be valid, unless made or done at some Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the Commissioner appointed, or to be appointed by or by vir ue of this Act, shall and may from Time to Time be exrrcifed by the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings to be holden as aforesaid, the Number of Commissioners present at such Meetings not being less than Nine for the Purpose of borrowing Money or granting Annuities, and not being less than Ten for the Purpose of making Contracts by virtue of this Act, anu not being less than Seven in any other Cafe, unless where herein otherwise particularly provided; and in all Cases where the Number of Votes

upon

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 269

«pon any Question shall be equal (including the Chairman’s Vote) the Chairman shall have the Carting Vote; and at every Meeting to be held under or in pursuance of this Act, the first Business thereof shall be the Election of a Chairman to preside at the same.

V. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Special Meet-appointed or to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby ’"E‘' authorized to hold any Special Meeting between their then last Meeting

and the Day to which any subsequent Meeting shall have been then adjourned, so as that such Meeting shall be required by Five or more of the said Commissioners, and Notice of such Special Meeting shall be publicity advertised as aforesaid at lead Ten Days before the Time to be appointed for the fame, and so as that such Advertisements shall be signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and shall specify the Cause or causes of such Special Meeting.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Com- Restriction* missioners appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act orders!*1"'8 shall be revoked or altered, unless at some Meeting to be required as aforesaid, and to be held for that Purpose (of which Ten Days Notice

shall be given as aforesaid, expressing the Occasion of such Meeting) and also, unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend such Meeting, tortvoke or alter the fame than were present when such Order was made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That regular Entries shall be made in proceeding* a Book, to be provided for that Purpose of all Act*, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and of the Names of the Com- be entered, missioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings; and One or more of the said Commissioners who shall be present shall subscribe his or their Name or Names at the End of the Proceedings of the respective Meetings; and all such Entries so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and that such Books shall at all seasonable Times be open to the Inspection of all Persons rated or to be rated or assessed, or who shall be liable to any of the Rates or Afle Aments to be imposed or charged by or for the Purposes of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers and Persons as they shall think necessary or convenient, and may remove any such Officer or other Persons as they shall think proper, and appoint others in their Stead, and may pay such Salaries and make such Allowances to all such Officers or Persons, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable , and the said Commissioners are hereby required to take such Security from every such Treasurer and Clerk, Collector or Collectors,

Surveyor or Surveyors, for the due Execution of their respective Offices as they the said Commissioners shall think proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Persons Treasurer and shall, under their Hands (at such Time and Times, and in such Manner fc°o^t.rs ta as the said Commissioners shall direct) deliver to the said Commissioners, or

[Lw. ilf Per.] 3 T to

Officer* to be appointed, who shall give Security.

270

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

to such Persons as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing of all such Matters and Things as may be committed to their Charge, and also of all Monies that shall have been by them received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and distiurfed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Money as shall remain in their Hands to such Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct or appoinr, the Receipts of which Banker or Bankers, or other Person or Persons, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame, and such Officers and Persons so accounting shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) verify such Accounts; and if any such Officer or Person shall wilfully refuse or neglect to make and render, or shall refuse and neglect to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons as they shall appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by Notice in Writing, to be signed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or Duplicates thereof respectively, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners reflecting the fame, and Complaint shall be made thereof on Behalf of the said Commissioners to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein or near unto which such Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, such Justice is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Person to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Person, such Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person; and if no such Goods and Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, or if it shall in Manner aforesaid appear to such Justice that any such Officer or Person had refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such an Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that ?ny Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer or Person, and he shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then such Justice shall commit him to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Officer or Person shall make and give a true and perfect Account, and have paid such Money as aforesaid, or shall have compounded for such Money with the said Commissioners, and have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Compofi-

tion

271

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

tion the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive), or until such Officer or Person shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or Duplicates of the same as aforesaid; but no Person who shall be committed on account of his not having sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for a longer Term than Three Calendar Months.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in all the present and future Pavements and Materials in the several Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Limits of this Act, as well in the Carriage as Footways, and of and in all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Pods, Watch Houses, and Watch Boxes, which shall be erected, fixed, or made, and all Materials, Implements, and other Things which shall be purchased or gotten by virtue or for any of the Purposes of this Act, are hereby vetted in the said Commissioners appointed and to be appointed by or by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby empowered to cause any Action to be brought, or cause to be preferred any Indictment or Information against any Person who shall take, (leal, or carry away, injure, or destroy any Part or Parts thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to cause the several Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages, and Places, within the Limits of this Act, both in the Carriage and Footways, to be paved, and such Pavements to be from Time to Time amended and kept in Repair, upon such Levels and in such Manner and with such Sorts and Kinds of Materials, as they shall judge necessary or proper; and also to cause the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places to becleanfed, lighted, and watched, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and all Incroaehments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein to be removed, and Drains, Sinks, Gutters, or Watercourses to be made for conveying the Water off and from the said Streets, Lanes, andother publick Passages and Places, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and that no Person shall, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, alter the Form or break up the Ground or Pavement of the Carriage Ways or Footways, within any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, or make the fame otherwise than as shall bedirested by the said Commissioners, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, for every Offence, and such Person (o offending shall also pay all the Expences of restoring such Ground or Pavement to its former State.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to cause such Lamp Irons or Lamp Potts to be put up or affixed upon or against the Walls or Pallisadoes of any of the Houses, Tenements, or Buildings, or in any such other Manner, in the several Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Limits of this Act, as they shall think proper; and also to cause such Number of Lamps, of such Sizes and Sorts, to be provided and affixed or put upon such Lamp Irons and Lamp Potts, as they shall think necessary for lighting all or any of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, and also to cause the said Lamps, and also the several Houses within the

Property of

Materials, etc. vetted in Commissioners.

Streets, rfr.ta be repaired.

Lamp Irons, etc. to be provided.

272 44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

the said respective Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places to be numbered; and shall also cause to be painted, engaged, or described in Wood, Stone, or otherwise, and to be fixed in a conspicuous Part of One or more House or Houses, Building or Buildings at or near each End, Corner or Entrance of each of such Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, the Name by which each respective Street, Lane, Court, Alley, Passage, and Place, is to be properly called or known, in such Manner as they shall think proper for distinguishing the fame , and also cause such and so many necessary Watch Boxes to be made and set up in the said Town of Milton as to them shall seem proper; and if any Person shall wilfully break, throw down, take away, spoil, or damage any Watch House, or Watch Box, or Lamp, or any of the Irons, Polls, or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully extinguiQi the Light of any such Lamp, or deface or obliterate any such Name or Number, or any Part thereof, every Perfo^so offending, and not being otherwise sued or prosecuted for the fame, I frail lor every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other to the Commissioners acting under (and to be applied for the Purposes of) this Act, and such Offender shall also pay to the said Commissioners, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, such Sum of Money as shall be a full Satisfaction for the Damage Penalty for so done; and in case any Person shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally break'lnfi*11* break, throw down, or otherwise spoil or damage any of the said Lamps, or the Irons, Polls, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not upon Demand make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, refid ing near the Limits of this Act, upon Proof thereof made by the Oath of any credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party, to award such Sum of Money by way of Satisfaction for such Damage as such Justice shall think reasonable, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and in Default of Payment thereof upon Demand, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall have done such Damage, rendering the Overplus (if any) aftrr deducting the Charges of prosecuting such Complaint and of such Distress and Sale, to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

Forgetting

XIII. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectually carry-Materiali. ing thj, Act into Execution, any Surveyor or other Person to be employed by the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons to be appointed or employed by such Surveyor or other Person, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to dig for, take, and carry away, any Gravel or other Materials, fit and proper for the paving and covering the Pavements, in the said Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, or which they shall judge necessary or fitting to be used in and about the said Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, or the Pavements thereof, or for any other Purpose whatsoever in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers or A,utho-rites herein contained, in such Manner and in and from such and the fame Places as the Surveyors of the Highways are now empowered by Law to do.

For punishing

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall strua"ng°Sur- at any Time obstruct, hinder, or moled any Surveyor or other Officer, verjron. or any Person or Persons whomsoever employed by virtue of this Act,

in

44-° GJlORGII III. Cap. 19.

*73

In the Performance of his or their Duty, every Person to offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, Commission-and they are hereby authorised and empowered from Time to Time, at conTraft31" any of their said Meetings, as Occafi >n shall require, to contract and

agree with any fit Person or Persons, Artificers, Workmen, and others, for the paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, amending, railing, lowering, and altering of the Streets, Lanes* and other publick Passages and Places, within the Limits of this Act, or for the doing and performing all or any of the Works by this Act authorized or directed to be done and performed, or for supplying any of the Materials for the fame, or any of them j which Contract or Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Froes to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of the Nonperformance thereof, and shall be signed by Five of more of the said Commissioners, and also by the Person or Person contrafting to perform such Works respectively; which Contrafts* or a Copy thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; but previous to the making of any such Contrafts Ten Days Notice at the least shall be given in One or more publick Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulated in the County of Kent as aforesaid, expressing the Intention of entering into such Contraft, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame mav make Proposal for that Purpose, to be offered and presented to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Works to be all and every the Works to be done in pursuance of this Act, to be in- s^f^r b*a spefted by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint; and in case the fame shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the Intent and Meaning of such Contraft or Contrafts, or shall not be finished and completed at or within the Time or Times specified within such Contraft or

'-----—__________ J

the Signing of the said Contraft, and Nonperformance thereof at the Time or Times for that Purpose to be therein mentioned, the said Commissioners shall be entitled to and shall recover the full Penaly^contained in any such Contraft, which, when recovered* shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Commis- Commission-sioners (if they think fit) to compound and agree with any such Contraftor for any Penalty incurred by him for the Breach or Nonperformance Contractors, of any such Contraft, for such Sum of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper, not being less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperfomance of such Contraft, and all Costs,

Charges, and Expences which shall beoccafioned thereby.

[Loc. fc? Per.-}

Z

2 74

Account? to be made up.

Regulation respecting Signs, Spouts ttc.

44°^EORGII III. Cap. ig.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the faitl Commissioners shall, between the Twentieth Day of July and the Twentieth Day of August in every Year, order and direct a fair and last Account to be made and written out, of all Monies received and paid by virtue or in pursuance of this Act!, and how and to whom and for what Purposes the same shall have been laid out and expended; and a Copy or Duplicate of such Account, signed by the said Commissioners, shall be deposittd with the Clerk to the said Commissioners, who shall permit any Person or Persons, so rated or charged as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons on his or her Behalf, to inspect the fame at seasonable Times, paying the Clerk to the said Commissioners the Sum of One Shilling for such Inflection; and shall, upon Demand, forthwith give Copies of the fame, or any Part thereof, to any such Person, paying at and after che Rare of Sixpence for every Ninety Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Signs, Sign Ports, Gutters, Screens, and Close Fences, which now belong to and are placed, or may hereafter belong to and be placed against any of the Houses and Buildings within the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, shall be fixed close to the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and Buildings to which they shall respectively belong, and not otherwise; and that the Owners or respective Occupiers of any such Houses or Build, ings as aforesaid, shall, at their own Costs and Charges, and within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time (by Notice in Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, to be delivered to such respective Owners or Occupiers, or left at their respective Dwelling Houses) order and direct, cause all Signs that shall not be fixed or placed upon such respective Houses or other Buildings in Manner aforesaid, to be taken down and fixed or placed flat on the Fronts thereof; and all Sign Irons, Sign Ports, Penthouses, Screens, Close Fences, Spouts, Shew boards, Shewglaff-s, Bow or Projecting Windows, Cellar Windows, Porches, and Bulks, and all Ports, Rails, Pallisadoes, Steps and Doors, Walls and Fences, being in or upon the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Place?, and all other Encroachments, Obstructions, Projections, and Annoyances whatsoever, attached to any such respective Houses and Buildings, being within the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages, contrary to the Meaning of this Act, to be removed, altered, or reformed, and also to cause the Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, and Penthouses which belong to such respective Houses or other Buildings, by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks, to be affixed to the Sides of such Houses and Buildings respectively, and from thence by proper Drains into the common Drains or Waterct.urfes; and in case any such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse so to do, or to remove any such Encroachment, Obstruction, Projection, or Annoyance as aforesaid, it (halt be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be done, and to cause all Costs and Charges attending the same to be levied by Distr'efs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Occupier, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent (which Warrant such Justice is hereby required and authorised to grant), rendering the Overplus (if any) when demanded, to the Person whole Goods

275

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and if the Tenant in Poffsf* fion of any such House or other Buildings shall remove, alter, or reform any such Encroachment, Obstruction, Proje&ion, or Annoyance as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners (except such as shall be put up or occasioned by such Tenant) *ic shall be lawful for every-such Tenant to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof out of his or her Rent, and the Landlord of every such House or other Building is hereby required to allow the fame accordingly, and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter hang, place, erefl, build, or make any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Port, Penthouse, Screen, Spout, Shewboard, Shewglass, Bow or Projecting Window, Porch, Bulk or any other Projection, Obstruction, or Annoyance whatsoever, or cause the same to be done contrary ro the Directions of this Act, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence fofeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be taken down, carried away, removed, altered, or reformed, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall and may be recovered of the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises respectively, by Distrcfs and Sale of their Goods and Chattels, in the Manner before directed by this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall run, drive, or place, or cause to be run, driven, or placed, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, Truck, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, or any Carriage whatsoever, upon or over any of the Foot Pavements or Cause-ways, or any of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places; or shall wilfully ride, drive, or lead any Horse or other Beast Or Cattle along or upon any of the said Foot Pavements or causeways; or shall kill, daughter, singe, feald, dress, or cut up any Beast or Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb,or other Cattle; or shall permit orl'uffcr any Blood, Filth, or Annoyance whatsoever, to run or drain from any Slaughter House, Stable Yard, and Premises, in or upon any of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places; or shall hoop, cleanse, wash, or feald any Calk, cr hew or law, or cause ro be hewed or fawn, any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bind or make the Wheel of any Carriage, or shoe, bleed, dress, or farry (except in Cases of Accident) or shall wilfully turn loose any Horse, or set, place, or expose to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, either in the Footways or Carriage Ways of any of the said Streets, Lanes and other publick Passages and Places; or shall hang up, place, or expose to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff, Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing on or projecting over the Foot or Carriage Way, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage; or shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever in any Part or Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages cr Places whatsoever, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Footway or Carriage Way, or to prejudice, annoy, or inconvenience any Person or Persons travelling or passing thereon; or fist, fereen, or flack any Lime (except within the Hoard or Inclosure hcreir.-after mentioned) or shall cardeEly or wilfully break or damage the

Foot

For removing Annoyances.

*76 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19,

foot Pavement in any Street, Lane, or other puplick Passage or Placf* or cause the same to be so done; every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

livin'/car-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon, Cart, or other

«iage»r efr. such Carriage shall be left to hand or remain in any of the Streets, Lanes, in the streets. or other publick Passages or Places within the Limits of this Act, with or without Horses for any longer Time than shall be reasonable and Hecessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any Stage Coach, Pod Chaise, or other Carriage let to hire, shall be left to stand or remain in any of such Steets, Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places, with or without Horses, for any longer Time than shall be reasonable and necessary for taking up or setting down Passengers, or for loading or unloading their Baggage or other Loading; or if any Horse shall be suffered to stand at the Door or House of any Person, so as to obstruct or ipcommode the Passage of any of the said Footways; or if any Timber, Bricks, Stones, Dung, Wood, Goods, or other Things, shall be laid or placed, and left to remain in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for removing or housing the fame; or if any Ashes, Rubbish, Dust, Dirt, or other Nuisance or Annoyance, shall be thrown, cast, or laid in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, and suffered tp remain for any longer Time than shall be necessary for removing the fame, then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage, and the Owner of such Timber or other Things as aforesaid, and the Person who shall throw, cast, or lay any Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, Dust, Dirt, or other Nuisance or Annoyance as aforesaid, or otherwise offend in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and if any such Timber or other Things, or such Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, Dust, Dirt, or other Nuisance or Annoyance, shall be suffered to remain in any of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, longer than shall be necessary as aforesaid, the Surveyor to be employed by the said Commissioners is hereby authorized and empowered to cause the same to be removed to such Place as he shall think proper, and the Expence thereof shall be paid by the Person liable to the Payment of the said Penalty, and shall and may, in case of Nonpayment on Demand, be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is herein-afeer authorized or directed to be recovered.

Din not to

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Scavenger or other Person an/iira^n'or to be employed in cleansing any of the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Gutter. Passages and Places within the Limits of this Act, shall sweep; rake, or place any of the Slop, Mud, Dirt, Dust, Rubbish, Allies, Filth, or Soil, to be found in any such Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places, or brought therein, into any Common Sewer, Drain, Tunnel, or Channel thereunro belonging, or cause the same to be done; but every such Person shall place, sweep, or rake the fame together, foasto lie at the Distance of Three Feet from the Gutter or Channel, where the Width of the Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place will admit of, and carry and convey the fame (except the Soil of Privies or Ne-

cessary

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 277

ceflary Houses) to such proper Place as the Paid Commissioners shall think convenient to deposit the fame; and no Person other than the Scavenger to be employed by or under the said Commissioners shall collect, gather, tak , or carry away, or cause to be collected, taken, or carried away, any Dust, Cinders, or Ashes, out of any such Streets,

Lines, or other publick Passages and Places aforesaid, and any Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder the Owners of any such Dust, Cinders, or Ashes, to carry away or dirpose of the fame for their own Use.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Scavenger or Person Sc^mger'i contracting to cleanse the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages u y’

or Places, shall once or oftener in every Week, and on such Days as the said Commissioners shall appoint or direct, bring or cause to be brought a proper Cart or other Carriage into all the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, and shall, on or before his Approach, by ringing a Bell, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his coming, and give the like Notice in every Place in which such Cart or Carriage cannot pass; and such Scavenger, or his Servant or Servants shall, upon the Request of any of the Inhabitants, or their Servants or Lodgers, go into any of the Houses and other Places where any Dust, Cinders, or Ashes, shall be deposited, and take up and put the fame into such Cart or other Carriage, and carry away and lodge the said Dust, Cinders, or Athes, in any such vacant Places within the Limits of this Act, as shall be thought proper by the said Commissioners, the Scavenger or Person so contracting giving a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of the said vacant Places.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of inhabitant*ft this Act, all Persons occupying Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Shops, oppofue Warthouses, Yards, Gardens, or Scabies, in or against any of the Streets, their House*. Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places within the Limits of this

Ad, shall cause to be swept and cleansed the Footways, Paths, and Pavements, the whole Length of the Front of their respective Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Shops, Warehouses, Yards, Gardens, or Stables, to the full Extent of the Pavement before the fame, between the Hours of Seven and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, Thrice or oftener in every Week, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time order and require; and also cause the Dirt and Soil to arise from such sweeping and cleansing to be collected and put together (without obstructing the Way or Road) that the fame may be removed and carried away by the Scavenger or Person to be employed in cleansing the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings for every Neglect therein.

XXV. And whereas it may be necessary, for cleansing the said Streets, Commission-Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Limits of this

\_L01. & Fcr.~\ 4 A Act, made.

*78 44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

A&, to cut, dig, fink, and make Drains, Watercourses and Sewers through or across certain Streets, Lanes, Yards, Alleys, Courts, Passages or Grounds within the Limits of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause such Drains, Watercourses, and Sewers as may be needful and requisite for conveying and carrying off Water and Soil from the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, to be cut, dug, sunk, and made through or across any Street, Lane, Yard, Alley, Court, or Passage as aforesaid, within the Limits of this Act, belonging to any Person or Persons whomsoever, although the fame may not be Part of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages and Places; and the said Commissioners aie hereby authorized, empowered, and required to make such Recomptnce and Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Street, Lane, Yard, Alley, Court, Passage, or Ground, through or across which the said Drains, Watercourses, and Sewers shall be lo cur, dug, or sunk and made, as between him, her, or them, and the said Commissioners shall be agreed upon; and in case of any Difference concerning such Recompence and Satisfaction, the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at the then next General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden at the Old Castle, Canterbury, in and for the said County, Ten Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by the Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor appointed by the said Commissioners to the other of them, shall hear, settle, and determine the fame, and the Judgement, Older, and Decree of the said Justices therein shall be final and condulive to all Parties.

No Night Soil

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall empty, or away bu'at cause to be emptied any Boghouse, or take or cause to be taken away aertaia Time». any Night Soil, or bring or place any Cart or Carts fur removing the fame from any House, Place, or Building within any of the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, before the Plour cf Eleven of the Clock in the Night, or shall continue to take away the fame after the Hour of Four in the Morning, between Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, or after the Hour of Five in the Morning between Michaelmas and Lady Day, and no Person shall wilfully lpill, or put or call any such Night Soil out of any Cart or Tub in any of the Streets, Lanes, or ether publick Passages or Places aforesaid, or deposit or convey the fame into any of the Drains or Sewers by this Act directed to be made as aforesaid; and if any Person shall offend herein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

frs'msy^order

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hogstyc, Car-wir«nijve rion. Blood, Offal, or Soil, being in, upon, or near any of the said amoved.0 be Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places, shall annoy or be offensive to the Inhabitants of the said Town, or shall be deemed a Nui-fance in the legal Acceptation of that Term, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Complaint being made thereof to them by any Person or Persons, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, or the

Hand

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 279

Hand of their Clerk or Surveyor, to order any such Nuisance to be re* moved, and in case the same shall not be removed within Five Days after such Notice shall be given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Day that the same shall remain unremoved after the Expiration of the said Term.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may. Watchmen, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, tobeae-to appoint such Number of Watchmen and Patroles to kbe employed p in e ' within the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places,

for lb long Time in the Night, under such Regulations, and for such Wages as they shall think proper, and to provide them with proper Arms, Ammunition, Weapons, and Clothing, for the Discharge of their Duty; and if any Watchman or Patrole appointed as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to perform his Duty, or shall in anywise misbehave himself in the Execution of his Office, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Siblings for every such Offence.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Watchmen to be appointed w»^«limen and employed as aforesaid shall, during the Time of their being upon

Duty, use their utmost Endeavours to prevent any Mischief by Fire, and also any Burglaries, Robberies, Affrays, and other Outrages and Disorders, within the Limits of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Watchmen, or any of them, and they aie hereby respectively authorized and required, while on Duty, to apprehend and secure all Malefactors,

Rogues, Vagabonds, and other disorderly Persons, within the said Parish, who shall diffurb the publick Peace, or whom they shall have Cause to suspect of any evil Design, and to secure and keep in safe Custody every such Person, in order that he or she may be conveyed, as soon as conveniently may be, before Come Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and if any Person or Persons shall affaulr, interrupt, or resist, or shall promote or encourage the assaulting, interrupting, or refilling, any of the said Watchmen in the Execution of their Duty, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Ten Shillings; and if any Victualler or Keeper of any Publick House shall knowingly harbour or entertain any Watchman to be employed within the said Parish, or permit or suffer any Watchman to be and remain in his House during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper of such Publick House shall for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as in the Discretion of such Justice shall seem proper.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the present Surveyors of the Surveyors of Highways for the Parish of Milton aforesaid, and their Successors, shall and they are hereby directed, from and after the Fifth Day of July One Annum to the thousand eighc hundred and four, and at all Times hereafter, yearly Commission-and every Year, on the Twenty-fifth Day of July-, to pay or cause to

2$o 44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

be paid to the said Commissioners and their Succefisrs, or to such Person. or PeiTons as they shall appoint, from and out of the Highway Rates and Statute Dut/ of the Parish of JAilton aforesaid, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, for and towards die better paving, repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Places,' within the Limits of this Act, to be recovered, in case of Nonpayment thereof, with full Colts, in such and the same Manner as any of the Races or Affi Aments to be made by virtue of this Act can or may under the Authority of this Act be recovered.

Commission-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy de-

siak«Rates. fraying the Cods, Charges, and Expences of executing the several Purposes of this Act, and of obtaining and puffing the fame, the said Commissioners shall, as loon as conveniently may be, and forever after the passing thereof, cause One or more Ra;e or Afledment, Rates or Assessments, to be laid once in every Year, or oftener if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every the Proprietors or Owners of any MeAiiages or Tenements, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Hereditaments, and Premises, situate and being within the Town of Milton aforesaid, and the Lanes, Alleys, Ways, and Passages belonging to the fame, where and at such Places as the Pavement (Hall be laid down or extend to, or that shall have been paved before, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall order 3nd direct, but so nevertheless as that such Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, do not exceed in the Whole, in any One Year, the Sum of One Shilling for every Yard running Measure of the Length in Front of such Messuages or 'Tenements, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Hereditaments and Premises, or at the Sides or Ends thereof, where the said Pavement shall be so laid down or extend to, or that shall have been paved before; and the said Commissioners shall also cause One or more Rate or Rates, AAeflinent or AflcAments, to be laid, once in every Year, or oftener if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every the Tenants or Occupiers of any MeAiiages or Tenements, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Hereditaments, and Premises, fuuate and being within the Town of Milton aforesaid, and the Lancs, Alleys, Ways, and Padages belonging to the fame, where and at such Places as the Pavement shall be laid-down' or extend to, or that shall have been paved before, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners (Hall order and d'rest, hue so nevertheless as that such Rate or Assessment, Rates or AdeAhients, do not exceed in the Whole, in any one Year, the Sum of Sixpence for every Yard running Meufure of the Length in Fronc of such MeAiiages or Tenements, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Hereditaments, and Premises, or at the Sides or Ends thereof, where the said Pavement shall be so laid down or extend to, or that shall have been paved before; and also that the said Commissioners shall cause One or more Rate Rates, Assessment or Assessments, to be laid and assessed Once in evtTy' . Year, or oftener if they shall judge it needful, upon all and every the Messuages, Tenements, or Dwelling Houses, out of the said Towh of Milton, but situate and being within the Lid Parish of Mi/toh, wffere and at such Places as the Pavement shall not be laid down orfJtterfd or that shall not have been paved before, such Sum Or Suais of

i- 1 ' J'Monejr

28

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Money as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, but so ne’er-thclcls as that such Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, do not exceed in the Whole, in any one Year, the Sum of S.xpence in the Pound Rent, according to the Yearly Rent or Value of such Messuages, Tenement', or Dwelling Houses, One Moiety or Half Pait whereof to be paid by the Proprietors or Owners of such Messuages, Tenements, or D veiling Houses, and the other Moiety or Halt Part to be paid by the Tenants or Occupiers of such Messuages, Tenements, or Dwelling Houses.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Annual V.due of all Messuages, Tenements, or Dwelling Houses, so to be respectively rated and assessed as aforesaid, shall be settled and ascertained, according to the real Rack Rent or full Yearly Value thereof, or in such fair and equal Proportion of such Rack Rent or full Yearly Value as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the first Year for wh:ch such Rates or Assessments shall be made, shall commence for or in rrfpift of such Messuages or Tenements, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Hereditaments, and Premises, as now are or shall be hereafter erected and built, and lying and being within the Limits of this Act, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December now last part; and the Money so rated and assessed under and in pursuance of this Act shall from Time to Time be paid to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, at such Time or Times, in every Year, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and shall be paid over by such Collector or Collectors into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall order or direct for that Purpose.

XXXTil. And whereas several Messuages, Tenements, or Dwelling Houses, liable to be rated or assessed under this Act, are by the Owners thereof let out into Lodgings or Tenements to several Tenants, whereby jt may be difficult to‘recover such Rates or Assessments when made; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may rate or assess the Person for the Time being entitled to any Messuages, Tenements, or Dwelling Houses, which shall be let to or occupied by Two or more Tenants, and the same shall be deemed as One Messuage, Tenement, or Dwelling House; and such Rites or ATcffments shall be paid by any One or more of the Tenants of any Parc or Parts of such Messuages, Tenements, or Dwelling Houses, w o is and are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so rated or afirfled upon the Person for the Time being cntiiled to the f me in pursuance of this Act, and to deduct and retan such Sum or Sums of Money out of his, her, or their Rent, and the Person Lr the time being entitled to such Prunifes is hereby required to allow such Deduction accordingly.

XXXIV. Provided alway', and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful f r the said Commissioners, <md they are hereby empowered, upon the Complaint of any Tenant or Occupier of any Messuages or 'lene-ment>, Buildings, Yards, Gardens, Hereditaments, and Premises, rated , [Loc. & Per.] 4 £ or

How Yearly Va uc of Mefflnges, etc. to be ascertained.

Rates on Messuages, etc. Ut to several Tenants to b- paid by the Landlords thereof.

Powerto mi* tigate or ex-cuf- Rate on Occupier on Account of Inability-

Poor's Rates may be inflected.

Recovery of Rites.

282 44° GEORGII III. Cap. r9.

or assessed by virtue of this Act, to lefien or reduce the Rate or Assessment, charged upon such Tenanc or Occupier, for or on Account of his or her Exigency or Inability, as they the said Commissioners (ha 1 in their Discretion think proper and reasonable.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, having an Order under the Hands of a. y hive of more of the said Commissioners, to inspect or take Copies or F.xtrafts, of any Rates made for raising Money for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor within the said Parish; which Inspection, Copies, and Extracts, the Person or Persons having the Custody of such Rates respectively, are hereby required to permit to be made, without bee or Reward, upon producing such Order; and in cale any Person, having the Custody of any such Rates, shall neglect or rebuff ft (o^cio within Two Days next after such Order shall have been produced and shewn to him, or a Copy thereof left at his usual Place of Abode, he shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay’any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That tn calc any Person or Persons who shall be rated or afieftecf, or subject or liable to the Payment of any Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Rate or Assessment to the Collector or Col-leftors to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days after Demand thereof made, or after Demand in Writing to be left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or at any Messuage. Tenement, Dwelling House, or Premises so rated or assessed, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, upon Proof made upon Oath of such Demand and Nonpayment, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and direct the said Collector or Collectors to levy such Rate so in Arrear, together with the Costs and Charges attending the fame, to be ascertained by such Just ce, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels on Demand.

7 *M . C

Commission-

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall «s»y bring be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think it expedient,

'ia to biing or cause to be brought any Action or Actions of Debt, or

Special Action on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record

at Westminster, for all or any of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the said Commissioners to declare, that the Defendant is indebted to them in the Sum of Money they shall suppose to be due for.Rateaor Assessments under this Act; and in case the said Commissioners shall recover such Sum so declared for, or any Part thereof, they shall have and recover lull Costs, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgements are now by Law levied and recovered; in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Prottftion, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Actiona for Kate.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

xxivm. And whereas fevera Persons already have paved, at their own Expence, some Part or Parts of the Footways and Grounds before their Houses or Buddings, situate within the Limits of this Act, and it is reasonablr that such Persons should have some Allowance in respect of so much of such Pavements as may be used for the Purposes of this Act be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-roifliontrs, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and out of the Money to anse under this Act, to make and pay to such Persons respectively such Payments or Allowances for or in respect of the Pavements made by them as aforesaid, or the Materials thereof which, may be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, as to them the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall appear to be fair and reasonable.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time to borrow anti take up at Interest of any Person or Persons willing to advance the fame, any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Hares or Assessments herein-before granted, and, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Seven of the said Commissioners, to mortgage or assign over the said Rates or Assessments to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or his or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Mmey so to be borrowed, together with Interest for the fame, and that every such Assignment may be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

BY v'rtue an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King George the Third, intituled, [fit forth the Title of this A7J

We, Seven of the Commissioners appointed by viriue and acting in the

Execution of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

advanced and lent by A.B. to C.D. Treasurer, appointed in pursuance of the said Act, upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the f tid Ad, do grant and assign unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates

or Assesstncms arising by virtue of the said Act as the ("aid Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole

Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Rates,

, to be had and holden from this Day of until the said Sum of with Interest after the Rate

‘ of Pounds per Centum per Annum for the fame, to be paid

‘ Half-yearly, shall be fully paid and farisfied. In Witness whereof We

have hereunto set our Hands and Seals this Day

in the Year of our Lord

And every such Assignment so executed by any Seven of the said Commissioners shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law.

XL. Provided always, That in case the said Commissioners shall think it adviseable to raise ail or any Part of the Money necessary for the Purposes of this Act by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commis-

ftoners.

283

Commi inon-ers may make Allowances to inch Persons as have paved at their own Expence.

Commissioners may borrow Money.

Form of Af« tlgnment.

Money to be raised by Annuitres.

284

Form of Gnant of Annuities.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. ig.

sioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Seven of the said Commissioners, to grant any Annuity or Annuities to any Person or PeMons who shall contribute, advance, and pay, into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, any Sum or Suiti' of Money for the abLIute Purchas'c of any such Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natuial Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of every such Person as liiall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, so that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for a Year, and that the Grant of every such Annuity may be made in the Form, or to the Effect following , (that is to say),

« nY virtue of an Act, passed in the Fory-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [jet forth the Tale of this We, Seven of the Commissioners appointed by virtue and acting in the Execution of the said Act, in Cotisideration of the Sum of paid by A.B. to C.D. the

« Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant t unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of out of the Ka'es or

‘ Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity or Ycaily Sum of shall be paid to the said

« his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at in

the said Parish, upon the Day of

« in every Year, during the natural Life of

« the First Payment thereof to be made upon the next ensuing the Date hereof. In Witness whereof we have hereunto let

our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our

‘ Lord

Annuities And every such Grant so executed as aforesaid shall be good, valid, and

lUtewrt" effectual in Law; which said several Annuities so to be purchased shall be and are hereby charged upon and shall be paid out of the Rates or Afllflments herein-before mentioned, and shall be made payable, and be paid Quarterly, during the natural Lives of such Contributors respectively, or the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such respective Contributors, and a proportionate Parc of each Annuity shall be paid from the last Quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of the Death of the Annuitant, or his Cestuique Vie.

Wbde of

ILI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Secuii'isis?B Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed, or for the Annuities to be granced as aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands indorsed thereon, to transfer the fame respectively to any Person or Persons, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is

10 ty),

‘ ' I A. B.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 285

1 t A.B. do hereby assign the within Mortgage [or, the within mentioned Form of

Annuity]) an I all my Right and Title in and to the Principal Money ifans,er-‘ anil Intcrrft £»r, Annuity] ami all Arrears now due thereon, thereby

‘ freured onto Ct D. bL Executors, Adminiltrarors, and Assigns.

Dated this Day cf in the

4 Year of our Lord

XLII. And be it further enacted, That En'triei and Memorials of all Mortgages or Assignmems, and Grants of Annuity, which shall be made in curitis*. pursuance of this Act, and of all Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Name , Additions, Places of Abode, and other Dclciiptions of all Inch Persons as shall from Tune to Time be ent'tled to the Principal Money and Inrereft or the Annuities thereby respectively secured, shall he enrered in a Book, to fie kept for that Porpufe, by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Rewaid, and for the Entry of every fuclt Transfer or Assignment the said Clerk shall be paid Four Shtlirngs and Sixpence, and no more 5 and every such Transfer or Alignment after such Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the lame shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Giant thereby transferred; and all Persons to «homfurh Mortgages or Assignments, or Grants of

Annuities, shall be made, or who shall be, entitled to the Monies or

Annuities thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Cteditors on the said^ Rates or Assessments equally one with the other, without any Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages, Assign* ments, cr Grants respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to arise by Application of

or from the said Rates or Assessments, and which may be borrowed or the Monics‘

advanced upon or received for the Purchase of any Annuities on the Credit or Security thereof, shall be applied, in the fit ft Place, in paying and discharging the Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards from Time to Time in paying the Interest of the Principal Money to be borrowed, and the Annuities to be granted as aforesaid, and in defraying the Expences of paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching and improving the said Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places, of carrying this Act into Execution, and in paying off the said Principal Money, and in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper; which said Monies, so to be raised, shall become and be one collilidated aggregate Fund, and shall be vested in the said Commissioners for such Purpose?.

XLIV. And, in order that no undue Preference may be given to any Creditorita of the Persons entitled to the Principal Money which shall be borrowed b/

and secured on the Credic of the said Rates or Assessments, in discharging such Principal Money in purfusnee of this Act; be it further enacted.

That when and so often as the Money to be raised by the said Rates or Assessments shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, (over and {Lee. & Per.] 4 C above

286

Notice to be given to the PerfoH whof'e Artignn.ents are to be paid oif.

Rower to borrow Money at a lower Interest to discharge Securities at higher.

Recovery of Penalties

44° GEORGII III. Cap. ibj.

above what shall be necessary ro pay the growing Interest upon ihr tVd Piinc pal Money, and the Annuiiics which may be secured or granted in pursuance of this Act, and the Expences provided for), the said Commissioners shall cause the Number of all the Mortgages, Assignments, or Securities, which fh dl have been gramed or made, and which shall be then in force f.r fectiring the iJiincipal Monies borrowed, of which Park shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and that all fucfi Papers shall be roiled up in the same Manner as near as may be, and put indiscriminately into a Box (Jr Glass, and that One Number of the said Mortgages, Alignments, or Securities, shall be drawn out of the said Box or Glass, by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in the Presence of Thrte or more of the said Commissioners, and that the Mortgage, Alignments, or Securities, in rclprft of which the Number so to be first drawn as aforesaid shall be first paid off; Provided always, that if it shall happen that any Mortgage, Assign-mcnr, or Security, the Number whereof shall be drawn out as aforesaid, shall be for a greater Sum than One hundred Pounds, no more than Two hundred Pounds shall be discharged in consequence of such Number being so drawn,

XLV. And be it further enacted, That after any Ballot shall be had a* aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given or less at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuan: to such Ballot, which Notice shall express the Principal Sum to be paid, together with the Interest due thereon, and the Time when and the Piace where the fame is intended to to be paid, and that the same shall be paid at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, being at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid and the Interest of the Principal Money so to be paid off shall, from and after the End of the said Three Calendar Months, cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Principal Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice and not paid, but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the End of the said Three Calendar Months shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall at any Time be able to borrow or take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than the Mortgages, Alignments or Securities which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, to charge the said Rates or Assessments in Manner aforesaid, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit and proper, and the Interest thereof, at such lower Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Assignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest according to the Directions and Regulations herein-before prescribed for paying off the Mortgages, Assignments, or Securities.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Manner of recovering whereof is not otherwise

hertby

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 287

hereby directed), shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the Courty or Place wherein the Offender or Offenders shall be or reftde, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or upon the Information of any credible Witness upon Oath, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall (if not directed to be otherwise applied by this Act) be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or futh Penalties or Forfeitures shall noc be forthwith paid, such Julbce is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time nut exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeiture.', and all rea'onable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in any Action, Prosecution, ^1hab;Ja?-w Information, Cause, or Proceeding whatsoever, relating to or concerning Sc;!* the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant residing within the said Parish of Milton shall be disqualified from giving Evidence, by reason that such Inhabitant shall be charged with or liable to pay any Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue or be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, and that no "Ve sued in Action to be brought by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be difeentmued by the Death f^er or Removal of any such '1 reasurtr or Clerk, but the Treasurer or Clerk. Clerk, for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Actions, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Treasurer or Clerk, in whole Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to aiife by virtue of this Act, all such Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being lb made Plaintiff or Defendant.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Appeal, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Kate or Assessment which shall be made in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, he or she (having ili ft paid the said Rate or Assessment) may apply to the said Commissioners at their First Meeting to be holden after the Expiration of Twenty Days after the demanding of such Rate or Assessment, and the said Commissioner? are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Person aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem icalonable; and if any Person shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners therein, or if any Person shall ifvnk himself or herself aggrieved by any other Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance

288

Hites and Proceedings not to be qujshed for want of Form, or removed by Qtrtmari.

Plaintiff shall rot recover af.er Tender of sufficient Amends.

Distreft not unlawful for want of Form.

44." GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

pursuance of this Act, every such Person may appeal to the Justices at d <J General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Eastern D.vision of the said County of Kent, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have ariien, such Appellant first giving Ten Days Notice at the lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within Two Days after such Not ce entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and ts abide the Order of, and to pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the Justices at such Sessions shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Colts to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper j and their Determination thereon shall be final, binding, and conclusive co all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Assessment, or any Proceeding to be had touching any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to any Complaint or Appeal, in any Order or Determination thereon in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever-, any Law, Statute, or ULgc to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action to be brought by virtue of this Act, for any Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, if sufficient Tender of Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed orcaufed to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action brought $ and in ca e no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in any Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at anyiTime before Iftiie joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and judgement shall be had, made, or given, by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Oiltrels itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defcft or Want of Form in the Warrant of Distress, or in any Proceeding relating thereto , nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done ky the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage only in an Action on the Cafe.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com-hienced or prosecuted against any Person for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after such sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed , and every fu h Action or Suit fh <11 be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act j and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action shall be brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after Efficient Satisfaction made cr tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or her Action or Suit after the Defendant shall appear, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff, then the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Rtm:dy for the same as any Defendant hath for the Costs of Suit in any other Cases of Law.

LV. And, for the more speedy and easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this present Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Word-, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, as the Case shall happen.

c unty or 7 r> E it remembered. That on the Day of

K'"' in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me, C.D. one of His Majesty's Justices of ‘ the Peace for the County of Kent £Specifying the Offence, and the

Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, as the Case

may be]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year full

above mentioned.’

LVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice, lefiTen, or defeat any Right, Interest, or Property of the Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies of the Manor and Hundred of Milton aforesaid, as the Lord of the Fairs and Markets within the said Town or Hundred of Milton, of any Power, Privilege, Franchises, or Authority; but all and every such Powers, Privileges, Franchises, and Authorities, may be exercised and enjoyed in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame were exercised and enjoyed at any Time before the passing of this Act.

[Loc. Per.~] 4 D LVI!. And

289

Limitation of Actions

Form of Conviction,

This Act not to prejudice the Right of the Lord of the Manor of Mditn.

2 go

[Publick Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other^ Persons, without specially pleading the same.

' ' a.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty. 1804.

-n: t o/: < G# . A ’

M l! hra i '*> \ i to nr.: 1I1 r,; y >.»rw amiil

JM'lJJCvi td *1 ID rt.'l ».T oi

i'.\ io mil -

T-nIj IQ

yi'« lil 1 Hijt ir,.: : . w j i I til vrp 1 S i :>1 ;1 Mrs* '*

.'f ti-Ot it 1 hwL ,<1 &!*{*& ?| p.:i "mS y'-.t rid to

-UK. .-I %ti »! f .1.1 |i t, , t. i i.t 1 ‘ { } t

k ht'i 1o i.k >. *K isri nn . BUiilrtift'd

ill 1165 nv/iti it \ r Hi w Ih i

> T TW. . Jl lifi.fl 3"ty}w^ n *il filler t«(-n 14 -,m

If i*J .‘1. j,) i* ' 1; t :/*

it s I Jo: .0 / :s r.i

i . j* < left , t' V.T

t: b/S :| j ,jeV j . ,; Sri*

.,) iiiii *> . 10 'f

Q b wtft n jo rrti rii Wi

T

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 20;

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty-third Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hejket by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An p, 5. Act for widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Hefker, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and from thence by Lorton, over Whin-latter, to Keswick, in the County of Cumberland, and from Kefw ck, by Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kirby in Kendall, in the County of Westmorland; and from Piumbgarth’s Cross, near Kirby, in Kendall afore-/aid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of Westmorland, and from Keswick aforesaid to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland: And whereas an Act was also passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and j.

Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Acts, in the respective Counties of Cumberland and IVefl-morland, have borrowed divers large Sums of Money upon the Credit of ILk. fc? Per.-] 4. E the

29+ 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

die Tolls thereby respectively granted, which still remain due and owing, and cannot be paid off; nor can the said Roads be properly and effec-, tually amended, widened, turned, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and feme of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Terms and the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the iner ActfeiT" Second anc^ Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His said present Malaxed. jesty, and all and evety the Claul'es, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (exfdpf fuCli afi relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby aftered and varied), shall be, continue, and remain in full Force and Effect, and, together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for andduarvg the Term herein-afeer granted, as fully and effectually in all Rcfyeds, arfd to all Intents ini Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body’ of this Act; but subjtd nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due upon the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the lame respectively.; 0

New Trustees

II. And be it further enacted, That Henry Askew, Austin Bushby, Tho-withirTthr*1*1 ^as hliad Dawson, John Rudd, James Satterthwaite, Clerks , John Adam-County of f>’>* Richard AtkinJ'on, Edmond Bowman, William Birbeck, Joseph Bowe,

Cumberland. John Banks, Thomas Ddbfon Bleaymere, Richard Ellwood, John Edmonson, John Fletcher, John Gif on, Joseph Gibson of Sandhill, Edward Greenhow, John Lawrence Harrison, 7homas Hutton, Anthony Harrison, John Harry-hi an, John Monkhouse, Robert Marshall, Peter Pearson, William Percival, Jefepb Pearson, John Richardson, Michael Remington, Joseph Steel, John Simpfcn, Wilson Sewell, Thomas Todhunter, John Wilkinson of Pallot Hill, John Wilson, James Wilson, and George Wilkinson (being qualified according to the Directions of the said first-mentioned Act), shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed in br elected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, for putting the said Acts, or either of them, into Execution, in all such Parts of the said Roads as lie within the said County of Cumberland-, and that the said several Persons herein-before named, and their Successors (being qualified according to the Directions of the same Act), together with those who were appointed or elected Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts for putting the fame into Execution in all such Parts of the said Roads as lie within the said County of Cumberland, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said Acts and this Act into Execution, in all such Parts of the said Roads as lie within the said County of Cumberland, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

I

U

1*

cm

icw

ikr

Tfi

ftfll

d*

sfet

tocob

Aix

Pare

be*

yc

ftapt

eftfan

HI

the fa Fnto Man

Meet tie T;

the 0 Orderi UK

P

XUl

*»ht

V.

fen

*1

*t!

lit

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 295

III. And be it further enacted, that Sir John Legard Baronet, James New Trustees Batman, Jeremiah Dixon, Henry Law, William Lushington, Harry Taylor, ^uhln the3<1 John Mackreth Freeman Clerk, Thomas Htkinson, John Barton, Samuel County of Cooper Crudson, John Noble Mawfon, and John Soudon, being also qualified Wtftmrlcnd. according to the Directions of the said first mentioned Act, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed in or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, for putting the said Acts, or either of them, into Execution, in all such Parts of the said Roads as lie within the said County of Westmorland; and that the said several Persons last herein-before named, and their Successors (being qualified according to the Directions of the same Act), together with those who were appointed or elected Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, for putting the fame into Execution in all such Parts of the said Roads as lie within the said County of Westmorland, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said Acts and this Act into Execution, in all such Parts of the said Roads as lie within the said County of Westmorland, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meetings on Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Emer£enei,s* Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, then and in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees within the said respective Counties, upon an Order in Writing, signed by any Five or more of the said respective Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such intended Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then Handing upon the said Roads within the said respective Counties, of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the said Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the fame had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

V. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted by the General Ex. said recited Acts, or either of them, shall be demanded or taken for any emPtl0ns-Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the

lame Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof-, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Soilage, Comport, or Manures employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands , or for any Horses or Cattle

going

196 44° GEORGII ' III. Cap. 20.

going to or returning from Parture or Watering Places, or going to be or re. turning from being (hoed; or from any Person going orreturningfromhis proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Places of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horses, Cart', or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Cumberland or Westmorland, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeic and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act; any Thing contained in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Application

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed SonJfoney*" or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, when amount- taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this mgtoioo/. for the Purposes thereof, within the said respective Counties, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, within the said respective Counties, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments in the Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes , or where such Money shall not be so applied, the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and

Approbation

297

44-e GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect , and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends or annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act within the said respective Counties (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts or this Act, within the said respective Counties, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fir, or, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or

[Z.er. £s* Per.] 4 F Committees,

Application where the Com pen fat ion Monty is less than tOL'i. and exceeds ao/.

Application where the Money is less than ao/.

298

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons fa entitled vespectively.

in case of not

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Tinesf °llt vv'hom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said d raftees; or or if Persons in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money found1 Pur- be awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or

chafe Money Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not intone Bank known or discoveredj then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-subject to the taments [describing the m']-, subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofi-Couuof tion of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on

chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or

Petition^ Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be

and is hereby empowered, in a fumtnary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any X. And be it further enacted, That when any Question shall arise rHb touchi'n'1 touc^lri8 the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank the Title to"8 of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General ^M*V°Per Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this

Fon who fhaiT Act, within the said respective Counties, for the Purchase of any Met fion of>th-(" fuaoes> Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur-Lands,(tc. chafed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased

at the Time with such Monies, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank An-r,' ", nvptjes> the person or Persons who shall have been in Poftelfion of the

Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery 5 and the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Pofirifion was a wrongful Possessionj and that

feme

chafe, shall he deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession.

299

44° GEORG 11 W. Cap. 20.

some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by Rea- The Court son of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpora- «afonabic tion, entiled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hercdica- Expences of menrs, to be purchased by the respective Trustees of the said Counties, be^dby*0 under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act» the Purchase Money for the Trulteei. the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it

shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- Forpaying the pences, of or incident to the obtaining and passing this Act, shall, as soon ^ces ot as may be, be paid out of the Money arising by the Tolls and Duties already collected or to be collected at the several Turnpike Gates erected in

the respective Counties aforesaid by Authority of the said recited Acts, or out of the Money which shall be borrowed thereupon respectively, in the following Proportions} (chat is to say), One-sixth Part thereof (the Whole into Six equal Parts to be divided) out of the Money arising by the Tolls and Duties already collected or to be collected at the Gates erev.ed on that Parc of the said Roads directed to be repaired, lying between the Town of Hejket, Nevmarket, and Cockermouth aforesaid, or out of the Money which shall be borrowed thereupon by virtue of the said former Acts or this present Act; Three other Sixth Parts thereof out of the Money arising by and out of the Tolls and Duties already collected or to be collected at the several Gates erected on the other Part of the said Roads directed by the said Acts to be repaired within the said County of Cumberland, or out of the Money to be borrowed thereupon by virtue of the said former Acts or this present Act; and the other or remaining Two Sixth Parts thereof shall be paid out of the Money arising by and out of the Tolls and Duties already collected or to be collected at the several Gates erected by virtue of the said recited Acts on those Roads thereby directed to be repaired, which do lie in the County of Westmorland, or out of the Money which shall be borrowed thereon, by virtue or in pursuance of the said former Acts or this present Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, publick A«, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and conti- Termofthl* nued by the said Acts shall upon the passing of this Act cease and deter- Armine; and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations, Additions, and

Amendments

"1

300 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

Amendments herein-before mentioned) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LO N D O N: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

lie*

Cap. it.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin in the County of Forfar.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Act*9G. 3, Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar; and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same: And whereas great Progress hath been made towards making, completing, and finishing the Line of Road from Montrose to Brechin in the said County; and considerable Sums of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act granted hare been expended for that Purpose , but Part of the said Road is still in an unfinished State, and cannot be completed, or kept in a proper State of Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, so far as relates to the said Line of Road, be continued and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and Act,fofcra« alhhe Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Orders, Regulations, Restrictions, Matters, and Things therein contained, so far as relates to the said Road from Mntnfi to ILoc. y Per.] 4G Montrose con,i*

3°2

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

Montrefe to Brechin (except such Parts thereof as are hereby altered, varied, or repealed), shall be, and the same are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and that this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls within the said Line of Road, and of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall be borrowed, or become due and owing on the Credit thereof, and of this Act, and of the Interest due or to grow due for the same.

Trustees under

II. And be it enacted, That the Trustees mentioned and described in asthYo'be tile fa,c* Act, and qualified as therein specified, shall be, and they are Trustees to hereby declared to be Trustees for carrying this present Act into Ex-arry this Act eru.:on into Effect. CCUUOn.

Trustees to

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

pike-Gates" Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at a District Meeting af-

&c. ’ sembled, to order or direct, or cause to be built and erected, at or upon any

Part of the said Line of Road, as they may in their Discretion, and from Time to Time, think mod fit and convenient, One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, with suitable Toll Houses, Stabling, and Garden adjoining the reunto, and to purchase Land for that Purpose in the fame Way and Manner as is in and by the said Act directed.

Foswr to levy

IV. And be it enacted, That, in Addition to the Tolls by the said Act

Tolls'011*1 authorized to be levied and collected upon the said Line of Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and to and for any Person or Persons authorized by such Quorum, to demand, levy, collect, and take the additional Tolls or Duties following, before any Coach or other Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through all or any, or either of the Gates already erected, or which shall or may be hereafter erected, upon any Part of the said Line of Road; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Cala(h, or Hearse with Four Wheels, drawn by Six Horses, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Six-p-nce Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling:

For tvery Chaise, Chair, or Carriage of a funilar Nature, with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horles, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum ot Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by Two Horles, Oxen, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence

Sterling;

44* GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 303

Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, per Score, the Sum of Five-pence S’erling.and so in Proportion for any greateroriefs Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, per Score, the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny Sterling, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said Tolls or Duties hereby authorized to be levied and collected,

shall and may be apportioned by the said Trustees, or a Quorum of them, according to the Number of Gates erected or to be erected upon the fame Road and in such Way and Manner as shall to them the said Trustees, or a Quorum of them as aforesaid, appear reasonable and proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three

or more of them, in District Meeting assembled, shall and may, and they M*cfiinefand are hereby authorized, in case they find it necessary, to order and direct to levy further Weighing Engines to be erected upon any Part of the said Road, as they ^ortion'to the shall think fit, for the Purpose of weighing any Waggon, Carr, or Car- Weight, riage, which may happen to pass through any of the said Turnpike Gates, and to receive and take, over and above the Tolls hereby granted, the following Sums of Money as additional Tolls for every Hundred Weight,

(of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred), which any such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh, over and above the Weight which each of such Waggons, Carts, or Carriages is allowed to weigh, without paying any additional Toll; (that is to say),

For the First and Second Hundred, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling for each Hundred:

For every Hundred of such Over-weight, above Two Hundred and not exceeding Five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Hundred of such Over-weight, above Five Hundred and not exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling:

For every Hundred of such Over-weight, above Ten Hundred and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling:

And for every Hundred of such Over-weight above Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling:

And that before they or any of them shall be respectively permitted to pass through such Gate or Turnpike; and the Money to arise thereby shall be applied in like Manner, with the other Tolls by this Act directed to be levied and taken; and in case any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder the weighing of any such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage as aforesaid, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Waggon, Cart, or Carnage Exemption* shall be allowed to pass without paying any additional Toll, provided such for TdSirioifal Waggon, Cart, or Carriage with its Loading, does not weigh more than weight to*

the cemiDtxtem'

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

the Weights following; videlicet, Every Waggon or Four-wheeled Carriage having the Fellies or Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Eight To-.is in Summer, and Seven Tons in Winter , every Waggon or Wain having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Six Tons in Summer, and Five Tons and an Half in Winter; every Cart having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, Three Tons in Summer, 2nd Two Tons Fifteen hundred Weight in Winter; every Waggon having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, Four Tons and One Quarter in Summer, and Three Tons and Three Quarters in Winter; every Cart having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, Two Tons Twelve hundred Weight in Summer, and Two Tons Seven hundred Weight in Winter , every Waggon having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, 1 hree Tons and an Half in Summer, and Three Tons in Winter; every Cart having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Two or more Horses, One Ton and an Flalf in Summer, and One Ton Seven hundred Weight in Winter; and for every such Cart drawn by One Horl'e, One Ton both in Summer and Winter: And for the aforesaid Purposes, it shall be deemed Summer from the First Day of May to the Thirty-fuss Day of October, and Winter from the First Day of November to the Thirtieth Day of April, both inclusive.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons shall be charged with any of the Tolls or Dutiesafore-said for passing through any of the Turnpikes erected or to be eredfed on the said Road, who shall not travel above Two hundred Yards thereon, or carrying any Quantities of Stones or other Materials for repairing any of the said Roads and Bridges, or other Roads and Bridges within the said County, or any of the causeways within or belonging to the fame; nor shall any Occupier or Occupiers of Land be charged with any of the Duties or Tolls aforesaid for passing from one Part to another of the fame Farm; nor any Occupier or Occupiers of Fields or Borough Roods on which no Offices or barn Yards are erected for the Use of the said Fields, or Lands, shall be liable to pay any of the said Tolls or Duties, for any Horses or Carriages carrying Dung to the said Fields or Roods, from the Yard where such Dung is made for the Use of the said Fields or Roods; nor carrying any Corn in the Straw, Hay or Grass being the Produce of the said Fields or Pioods to the Place where the said Corn In the Straw, Hay or Grass is usually kept or used by the said Occupier or Occupiers; nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded from any Person or Persons who shall pass or return through the said Turnpikes to their Parish Church, Chapel, or any other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor from any Persons who shall pass or return on attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the Roads hereby directed to be repaired do lie; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for Horses, Geldings, or Cattle, going to or returning from Pa ft u re, or from Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description,

employed

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 305

employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expressc3 under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, eithet when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mail* or Expressirs, or in rrrurning back from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers who are upon their March or on Durv, or the Carriages attending upon them; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Pafles; and if any Person shall in any Manner claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions hereby granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven The Trustees or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall and they are ncrearJT* hereby empowered to diminish or lessen any or all of che said Tolls and Tolls;

Duties upon the said Road, wi h Consent of Five Sixths in Value of the Persons who have lent Money thereon, and not otherwise; and also to raise them again as they shall (ee Caul'e, so that the fame do not exceed the Tolls and Duties granted by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or ^hhorj01' more of them, shall be and they are hereby authorized to borrow such ,f loncy"’ Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls on the aforesaid Line of "Pt°£fth' Cre-Road in Addition to any Sum they may have already borrowed, as shall Tons.'*'6

in their Opinion be found necessary for completing and finishing such Road in a proper Manner, and keeping the fame in a proper State of Reparation in all Time hereafter, during the Continuance of this Acr, nor exceeding the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, and to assign over the additional Tolls hereby granted for Security of the Money which shall or may be hereafter borrowed, pursuanc to che Powers in this prclent Act contained.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the M.ybuilJ said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, in General Meeting affcm-

bled, to build Fences and to (hut up and suppress any private or Bye vate Roads; Roads, communicating with the said Road from Montrose to Brechin, that may appear useless or of no Importance to the Public: Provided always, that Notice of the llefolution to (hut up any such Road shall be given by Advertisement, affixed to the Doors of the Churches of the Parishes thr ugh which the said Road passes, and by having the fame read over at the Clerk or Precentor’s Desk, immediately at dissolving the Congregation, for Two Sundays following each other. One Month at lead before the la d Road shall be actually (hut up; and that any Person or Persons who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by such Resolution, may at ply to the Sheriff of the County or his Substitute, who, if he fees Caule, is hereby empowered to suspend the Execution thereof until the next General Meeting of the Trustees, who shall by their Adjudication of the Matter finally determine the same.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of and alterth* them, m General Meeting r.flembled, shall have Power to alter the Road*of 11,0 Courie of the said Line of Road, and to carry the lame through and over

[Loc. & Per.~\ 4 // such

306

44° GEORGII III. Cap. ai.

such Grounds and Fences as to them may appear most proper, accessible’ and convenient, and along or through any Bye or other Roads which may be more convenient than the Course of the said Road, as now ufrd, in which Cafe the said Bye Road, as far as it is joir» d by the said Road, shall be considered as Fart of the same to all Intents and Purposes.

and pull down

XII. And be it enacted, That in making Accedes into Towns or Villages, Ho vies, rtf. j£ jn power of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of

them, to pull down, or cause to be pulled down, Houses, the Side-walls of which do not exceed Twenty Feet in Height, and ro make such Roads of Access through any Grounds that to the said Trustees shall appear necessary; and also that in the Cafe of any House being pulled down by the Proprietor, for the Purpose of rebuilding near the Sides of the said Road, or in any Village, or at or near ihe Outlets of Montrose or Brechin, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees to cause the Foundation of 'he fame to be removed back to the Distance of Twenty-two Feet from the Middle of the said Road; and it shall be lawful for any One or more of the said Trustees to stop the rebuilding of any such House, as he ot they shall apprehend to be within the said Distance from the Middle of the said Road, by an Order in Writing under his or their Hands, in the same Manner, and to be followed by the fame Proceedings as in the said former Act aredirested to be used in the Cafe of new Houses being built near the said Road, where none had formerly been built or erected.

TraPOct0r*eri

XIII. Provided always, That such Damages shall be joaid to the Owner o" Grounds, or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers respectively, of the Grounds, Houses, Houses, esv. or Fences, which shall be taken, prejudiced, or damaged, by widening the Ueinnifield. said Roads, or by the forming and making such new Course of the Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, and the said Trustees, Application shall be made to the Sheriff Depute of the said County, or his Substitute, to summon a Jury, in order to value the Ground and Fences necessary to be taken and used, or Houses necessary to be pulled down; and the said Shcriff Depute, or his Substitute, is hereby empowered and required upon such Application, to order Intimation thereof to be made to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Grounds, Fences, and Houses, and afterwards to issue a Summons in the utual Manner, for calling together and impannelling a Jury, to consist of Fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and after such Examination to return a Verdict upon Oath as to the Value of such Grounds, Fences, and Houses; and thereupon the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, is hereby required to adjudge Payment of the Value and Amount of the Loss or Damage so ascertained to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof; and upon Payment being made by the said Trustees to the Party or Parties interested, or upon Conflgnation thereof in the Hands of the Sheriff Clerk of the County, the said Trustees shall from thenceforth have Right and be it Liberty to take and use the Ground, and to pull down the Houses or Fences so valued, for the Purpose of altering, widening, and extending the said Road, as fully and effectually ever after, to all Intents and Purposes, as it the Owner or Owners of such Grounds, Fences, and Houses, had executed regular Dispositions, Conveyances, and other legal Assurances of the fame, and thereupon Infeftments had followed; and the said Proceedings of the

4<j-° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 307

said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, shall be final and not removeaoie or questionable by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Suspension, or Process of Reduction, or by any other Authority of any other Court whatsoever; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons travelling Penalty on on the said Road in a Coach, Chaise, or any other Carriage whatsoever,

shall flop before coming to a Turnpike Gate, and walk through the af Toll-Gate; or in case any Person or Persons shall unload any Waggon, Cart, or other Carnage travelling along the said Road, before coming to a Turnpike Gare, and shall carry the said Load through such Gate, every such Person or Persons shall pay the Tolls and Duties by this Act imposed, in the same Manner as if such Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage had gone through the Turnpike Gate without bung unloaded; and if such Person or Persons shall refuse to pay such Tolls and Duties, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling, for each such Coach, Chaise,

Waggon, Carr, or Carriage, to be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the aforesaid Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall keep a Toll To’l.Gather-House, whether under the said Trustees, or their Leffces or Tack.fmen,

shall have Power to fell or retail any Spirituous Liquors without a spe- innkeepers, cial Licence from the Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, first had and obtained for that Purpose.

XVI. And whereas by the said recited Act it is provided and enatted. Explanation that in case of altering the Course of any of the Roads in the said " |°nfnower County, the Trustees should be empowered to fell the Ground over Groundfr/r. which the old Road led; be it enacted, That the said Power shall only ex- ofold Roads’ tend to and be exercised on the said Line of Road, in Cases where the

old Road can be (hut up and suppressed without Inconvenience to the Public, and declared useless according to the Forms mentioned and prescribed in the said Act; and the Trustees shall be bound to keep the said old Road in proper Repair until it is so shut up and suppressed.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, jvrateriats for or any Surveyor or other Officer appointed by them under the Authority the R.ad not of this Act, to dig, gather, take, or carry away Gravel, Furze, Heath, 0° carried *or Stones, or other such like Materials, or to take or set apart any Pieces away, without or Parctls of Ground to and for the Use of the said Road, from any Notice to the

7 . ' Proprietors,

Lands and Grounds that may be inclosed, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises from which such Materials, or Pieces or Parctls of Land, are intended to be taken and set apart, or left for such Owners or Occupiers at his, her, or their usual or last Places or Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or any Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Forfar, to shew Cause why such Materials, or Pieces or Parcels of Land, shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Owners or Occupters shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think fit, authorize such Surveyor

or

308 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

or other Person or Persons to dig, gather, take, carry away, and set apart such Materials and such Pieces and Parcels of Lands at such TiroeorTimes as to such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owners or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to attend by themselves or their Agents, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein a3 they shall think fir, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owners or Occupiers or their Agents had attended.

Committeesor XVITI. And whereasbythe said recited Act, the Trustees upon the Turn-Sgs'to P'ke Roads are empowered to appoint a Committee of their own Number, count to the to superintend and direct the making and repairing of the said Ro3ds; ?'n^4Meet* and the said Committee are directed to lay before the General Meeting of the Trustees a State of their Accounts, and ail their Transactions, but no proper Means are prescribed for enforcing the said Regulations, whereby considerable Inconvenience mayarife; be it therefore tn cted. That the Committee of Trustees appointed or to be appointed to manage and superintend the said Road from Montrose to Brechin, shall at the annual General Meeting by the said Act appointed, to be held on the same Day on which the Commissioners of Supply shall meet for assessiag the Land Tax, lay before the said Meeting a full and particular State of their Accounts to be by the said General Meeting, examined, audited, and approved; and in case of Failure or Neglect, the Clerk of the General Meeting (hill, and he is hereby required to apply to the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, who shall grant Warrant for summoning the Clerk of the Committee of the said Road, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Failure or Neglect shall be imputed; and on Proof thereof, shall fine him or them in a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling; to be paid to the said Trustees, and be applied by them, or any Three or more of them, to the Repair of the said Line of Road; and the Prosecutor shall yearly report to the first adjourned General Meeting after the Tenth Day of June, the Issue of any such Pro* fecution.

Bonds for XIX, And be it enacted, That the Bonds and Securities to be granted by r^wedyto°0e the said Trustees, for the Money to be borrowed by them in the Manner tra,sterribie directed by the said recited Act, and this Act, shall and may be trans-rae»t.d°rfe" forable from one Person to another by Indorsement, duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the Presence of Two fubi'eribing Witnesses.

A* of the

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Power granted by the Act of ^'en-'for *he Par^arnent of Scotland in the Year One thousand six hundred and planting and sixty-one, intituled, /Id for planting and inclosing of Ground, to Heritors, inclosing Wadfecters, and Lifercnters, at the Sight of the Sheriff Depute or Sub-pa°e!i'inrfo stitute, or Justices of the Peace of the said County, to cast about far as the lame Highways to their Conveniency, provided they do not remove them above SeVrtfcntt0 Two hundred Ells on their whole Ground, shall be and he fame is hereby Lineof Road, repealed so far as the fame may extend to the said Line of Road from Montrose to Brechin. '

44° GEORGII III. Lidp. 2t» 3®9

XXT. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or

awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- "ion where chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or this exceeding Act, for the Purposes thereof which are held under Entail, or are subject to *oo/‘

Life Rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the Erne Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Meffiuges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchal d, taken, or used as aforesaid. Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Linds, Tenemenrc, or Heredita- Compilation inents purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging does not ex-to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their re'pec-tive Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Accounc as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed , or otherwde, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Mcney and the Interest arising [Loc. & Per.] 4/ thereon.

3l°

Application where the Money is less than 20 /.

In case of not making out Titles.

Or if Persons Carnot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Where any Question shall arile touching the Title o

Money to t e paid, the P r-i m whi shall be in Polfel-lion of the hands,

at the Time of such Puichale, shall be deemed enti:leil

44° GEORGII III. Cap. ij.

thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums ot Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_describing theni], subject to the Order, Controul, end Dispofuion of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in purfu-nce of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Righc or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person er Person', shall be deemed

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 2i. 311

and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, thereto ae-or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be such Poiref-shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and fion-the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, un-leis it shall oe made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a w-ongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Inter eft therein.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by rea- The Court son of any I>il ability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor- "afonaMe poration, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to Expences of be purchased under the Authority of the said Act or this Act, the ^'paid^/the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Trustees. Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Expence of procuring and passing Expences of this Act shall be paid out of the Tolls levied by virtue of the said former the^Afttobe Act and of this Act, upon the said Road herein particularly described, pu '

or out of the Money borrowed or to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed apublick Act, Public* Adh and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices,

and others whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence on the Eleventh Continuance Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, and shall con- of Act* tinue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

_ J»' [ . I'

Vsy 1

cj w i. ti 'i

'rV

: t . t

i Oi 2!.-5

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 22.

An Act for the better defraying the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District thereof, and establishing a Parochial Watch therein.

[3d May 1804.]

I

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the DifiriCl of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch in the said City, it is, among!!, other Things, enacted, That no Person should hawk about Trees, Shrubs, or Plants, for Sale, within the City of Dublin, or Five Miles thereof, or fell, or expose to Sale, in any Place within the said City, or Five Miles thereof, in any Place not being Part of his or her D welling-house, any new or old Books, Maps, Prints, Pamphlets, Charts, or Drawings, or fell, or expose to sale in the said City, or within the said Distance thereof, any Glass Bottles, not being Makers or Importers thereof, nor felling Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Ale, or Porter, nor fell, or expose to Sale, within the said City, or Five Miles thereof, old Cloaths in any Stall, Stand, Shed, Booth, Shop, or other Place, or carry on the Business of a Pawnbroker, within the said District, or felfSpirituous Liquors by Retail in the City of Dublin, or within Five Miles thereof, unless he or fire should have a Licence for that Purpose, under the Hand and Seal of the Superintendent Magiib-ate for the Preservation of the Peace within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, in the said Act mentioned, for which Licences such Person should pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said Superintendent Magistrate, the respective Duties payable for the fame; and it was also by the said Act further enacted, That all Sum or Sums of Money, arising from all and singular the Fines, Taxes, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed, reserved, and made payable by [Loc. & Per.} 4 K Law,

35 G-3. A

C. 36.

I

3>4

Duties in Schedule annexed to be levied and applied in manner directed by former Act. 35G. 3. C. 36. 36G. 3. C. 30.

39G.3-c. 56. 40G.3. c. 62.

Continuance of Licences.

To remove Doubts rc-spefting the licensing of Dairy Carts, &c.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Law, or for any Licence or Licences, theretofore or thereafter to be granted as aforesaid, should be, and the fame were thereby vested in the said Superintendent Magi (irate, and should be paid to the said Superintendent Ma-giiirate, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas the Duties payable on the said Licences have, from Time to Time, been granted, altered, increased, and continued by divers Acts; and the Duties payable on such Licences did cease and determine on the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and it is expedient that like Duties should, from and after the passing of this Act, be charged, raised, levied, collected, and made payable on such Licences according to the Schedule to this Act annexed: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act the several Duties mentioned and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, (over and above all other Duties of Excise, paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors), shall be charged, raised, levied, cohefted, and paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several Duties or Impositions by this Act charged and made payable, and mentioned in the Schedule hereto annexed, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties, Rules, and Directions, Powers and Authorities, as are directed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and by One other Act passed in Ireland, in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend the said recited Act of the Thirty-fifth Year aforesaid; and by one other Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid; and by One other Act, made in Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and making perpetual the several Laws for regulating the Watch in the Dislrid of the Metropolis; and for granting a further Duty upon Pawnbrokers; or any, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Provisions in the said several Acts, or any of them, contained, for collecting and enforcing the Payment of the said several Duties, or for the Application of the fame, were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Licences in the Schedule

to this Act mentioned, on which the respective Duties therein mentioned shall be from Time to Time respectively paid by virtue of this Act, shall ff be lft Force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March next after the Date of such Licences respectively, and no longer.

IV. And whereas forne Doubts have arisen touching the Construction of an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to Hackney and other Carriages, plying within the City of Dublin, its Suburbs and Liberties, and within Seven Miles thereof; and also touching the Construction of the said herein-before recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, whether the Superintendent

Magistrate

Cl

3*5

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

Magistrate for the Dili rift of the Metropolis of Dublin has Power and Authority by the said Aids, or either of them, to licence Persons who shall own, keep, or drive any Cart, Car, Dray, or other Carriage belonging to, or usually employed by any Person or Persons following the Trade of keeping Dairies; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Superintendent Magistrate shall have full Power and Authority, and he is hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, and at all Times, to licence all Persons who shall own, keep, or drive any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, Dray, or other Carriage belonging to any Person or Persons following the Trade of keeping Dairies within the said City, its Suburbs, or Liberties, or within Three Miles thereof, employed by such Persons, in such their Trades or Occupations, or in the Carriage of any Matter or Thing bought, fold, used, or employed, or that is usually carried, bought, fold, used, or employed in such their respective Trades or Occupations, or in, or for the feeding of the Cattle of such Dairies; and every Person who shall own, keep, or drive any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, Dray, or other Carriage, belonging to any such Person or Persons, so following such Trade of keeping a Dairy, or Dairies, is hereby declared to be subject to the fame Fines and Annual Rent, and to be liable to the like Penalties for not obtaining such Licence as by the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, are directed to be paid by, reserved, and levied from all such Persons as are particularly described and enumerated in the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for S"pntend-the said Superintendent Magistrate, for the Time being, to make and tratcmay re-ordain,.such Regulation or Regulations, and to inforce such Fine or Fines, gUiate such not exceeding Ten Shillings, for the Breach thereof, as he shall deem Carts, &c. necessary for the better Government of all Person and Persons whatever

leading or driving any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, Dray, or other Carriage through the Streets of the said City, and through the District aforesaid, whether any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, or Dray, shall be subject to be licenced by the Superintendent Magistrate or not; provided such Regulations and Fines shall first be duly approved of by the Chief Justice of His Majesty Court of King’s Benchc and provided also, that every such Regulation, or Regulations, Fine, of Fines, shall be duly published by forne Tenour received, and general Mode of Publication, for the Space of One Calendar Month previous to such Regulation or Regulations being inforced in any Fine or Fines imposed for the Breach thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That after such Regulation and Regulations Superintend-shall have been so approved, and published as aforesaid, it shall and may be Magis-lawful, to and for the Superintendent Magistrate, as aforesaid, to cause any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, Dray, or other Carriage, the Driver whereof evy lne" shall oft'end against any of the said Regulations, to be seized and detained

until the Fine or Fines thereby incurred shall be fully paid and discharged, and unless redeemed by Payment thereof within Ten Days from the Seizure thereof, to cause the same to be sold to the highest Bidder, and to retain thereout such Fine or Fines, and the Expences attending the Sale thereof.

3>l6

In paying Expences of the Act.

[Public Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

VYV. And be it further enacted, That the Superintendent Magi ft rate of the District aforesaid, shall and may, by and out of the first Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, pay and discharge respectively all such Costs, and also all such other Expences as have been incurred in and about obtaining the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be a Publick Act, and shall be deemed and adjudged, and taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, in all Courts and Places whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of Duties to be annually paid for Licences granted by the Superintendent Magistrate of the District of the Metropolis

of Dublin.

Irish Currency. £ * d-

IOO O o

o 10 o

2 0 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

For every Person selling Spirits by Retail within the City of Dublin, or Five Miles thereof, for each and every House in which the same shall be fold, over and above all Duties whatever.

For every Person hawking about Trees, Shrubs, and Plants for Sale, in the City of Dublin, or within Five Miles thereof.

For every Person felling, or exposing to Sale, within the said City, or Five Miles thereof, in any Stand, Stall, Shed, Booth, or other Place, not being a Part of his or Tier Dwelling, any new or old Books, Maps, Prints, Pamphlets, Charts, or Drawings -

Tor every Person felling or exposing to Sale, within the said City, or Five Miles thereof, any Glass Bottles, not being the Maker or Importer thereof, and not felling Wines, Spirits, Beer, or Ale vjPt -

For every Person who shall sell or expose to Sale, within the said City, or Five Miles thereof, old Cloaths in any Stall, Shed, Booth, Shop, or other Place

For every Person or Persons, who shall, jointly or separately, carry on the Business of a Pawnbroker, or who shall have any Benefit, Interest, or Gain thereby, as a Partner, or anonymous Partner therein, within the District of the Metropolis, or Five Miles thereof, for each and every House or other Place, in which such Business shall be carried on, over and above all Duties whatever.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Svrahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

iMH|HMl '

Cap. 23.

An Act for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety-five, intituled, An Act for eretling a Bank in Scotland, a Joint Stock, amounting to the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds Scots Money (that is One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling), was allowed to be raised by the Company thereby established for carrying on and managing a Public Bank; and certain Persons therein mentioned were authorized to appoint a Eook for receiving the Subscriptions of such Persons as were willing to become Adventurers in the said Joint Stock; and by the said Act it was declared, that One thousand Pounds Scots should be the lowest, and Twenty thousand Pounds Scots the highest Sum which any Person should be allowed to subscribe; and by the said Act it was all© declared, that all and every the Persons subscribing and paying to the said Stock" as aforesaid, should be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, under which Name they should have perpetual SucccfTion, and should have a common Seal; and by the said Act it was directed, that within Three Months after the aforesaid Subscriptions [Lee. (A Per.] 4 L should

Act of Scots Parliament of 169J.

3iH 44° GEORGII III. XJap. 23.

should be ended, the Persons in the said Act named, or any Two of them, should appoint a certain Day and make due Intimation of the fame; that such and so many of the Adventurers, and none other, as should each of them have subscribed for One thousand Pounds or upwards in the said Book of the said Joint Stock, might elect and choose by a Majority of Votes, which were to be given One Vote for every One thousand Pounds Share of the Stock, a fit Perl'on of the Subscribers who had subscribed for himself at lead for Eight thousand Pounds, to be Governor of the said Bank, and another fit Person of the Subscribers who should have subscribed for himself at lead for Six thousand Pounds, to be Deputy-Governor of the said Bank; and also Twenty-four other fit Persons who should have subscribed each of them for himself at lead for Three thousand Pounds in the said Joint Stock, to be Directors of the said Bank; and cercain other Rules and Regulations were thereby prescribed for the better managing and ordering the Affairs of the said Bank; and in pursuance of the aforesaid Act the said Bank was loon after established, and has ever since continued: And whereas by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inti-1;. G. 3. ruled, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scot-

c. 32. land to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, it was enacted.

That within One Month after the passing of the said Act, or as soon after as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank, should appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland for receiving Subscriptions of an Additional Capital or Joint Stock to the Extent of One million two hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousands Pounds Sterling Money, and no more, in which Book every Person or Persons possessed of a Share or Shares of the Original Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland should be entitled to subscribe, for as much of the said New or Additional Stock as he, she, or they should be possessed of, of the Old or Original Stock at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more, or for a lefTer Number of Shares thereof, if such Person or Persons should lo think proper; and by the said /'ft it was further declared, that no Proprietor should hold more than Twenty Shares of the Old Stqck, or more than Forty Shares of the Old and New together; and it was also by the said Act further declared, That after the Additional Capital should be completed, no Proprietor should be efefted Governor, unless he had upon the Original and New Stock together paid in the Sum of Sixteen thousand Pounds Scots, nor Deputy-Governor, unless he had upon the Original and New Stock together paid in Twelve thousand Pounds Scots, nor Director, unless he had upon the Original and New Stock together paid in Six thousand Pounds Scots; and that from and after the said Period, no Proprietor should be entitled to give his Vote in the Election of a Governor, Deputy-Governor, or Director, or in any Question in any General Meeting who was not possessed of Two thousand Pounds Scots of Old or New Stock, or Old and New Stock together, and who had not actually paid in the said Two thousand Pounds; and that every Proprietor should have a Vote for each Two thousand Pounds which he had actually paid in; provided always that no Proprietor should ever be entitled to more than Twenty Votes: And whereas by another Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year o! His present z+ft-3 Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Governor and Company ‘ -.of

3*9

4-+° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, it was enacted, That within One Month after the pacing of the said Act, or as soon thereafter as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland for receiving Subscriptions for an Additional Capital or Joint Stock to the Extent of One million two hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money, and no more, in which Book every Person or Persons possessed of Two or more Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland at the Time should be entitled to subscribe for a proportional Share of the said New or Additional Stock corresponding to the Share so pofftfied by such Person or Persons at the Time of subscribing, and no more, (that is to say,) That each Proprietor then holding two Shares of the Stock, should be entitled to subscribe for One Share of the New and Additional Stock, and no more, and so on in proportion; and it was by the said last recited Act further enacted, That it should be lawful to the Majority of a general Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Bank, to call for the whole or any Part of the Additional Stock at such Times, and in such Proportions, as they should think proper, provided that no Subscriber should be called upon to pay up more than his said Proportion of One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, the Amount of the then Additional Stock corresponding to the Number of Shares subscribed for by him; but it should not be in the Power of any Subscriber to pay up the Whole, or any Part of the then Additional Stock, until the fame should be called for by a Majority of a General Meeting of Proprietors; and it was thereby further enacted, That no Subscriber of the then Additional Stock should be entitled to draw any Part of a Dividend either upon his Old or New Stock, until he had paid up his Proportion of any Call of Stock that had been ordered by a Majority of a General Meeting of Proprietors; and each Subscriber of the then New Stock failing to pay his Proportion of such Call, should be charged with the legal interest upon it until the fame was paid, and should have no Vote at Elections or General Meetings while the fame remained unpaid: And it was thereby further enacted, That after the said Additional Stock had been completely paid in, no Proprietor should be elected Governor unless he should be possessed of Twenty-four thousand Pounds Scots, nor Deputy-Governor unless he should be poUcHcd of Eighteen thousand Pounds Scots, nor Director unless he be posselfed of Nine thousand Pounds Scots of the Stock of the said Governor and Company; and that after the said Additional Stock had been completed, no Proprietor should be entitled to give his Vote in the Election of a Governor, Deputy-Governor, or Director, or in any Question in a General Meeting, who was not possessed of Three thousand Pounds Scots of Stock, and who had not actually paid in the said Three thousand Pounds Scots; and that every Proprietor should have a Vote for each Three thousand Pounds Scots which he had actually paid in; and that no Proprietor should ever be entitled to more than Twenty Votes, either in the Annual Election of Governor, Deputy-Governor, and Directors, or in any Question whatever that might occur or be made the Subject of Dilcuffion at any General Meeting of Proprietors: And whereas, by another Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, passed in the Thirty Second Year of His present Majesty’s

320

is G. 3, c. 25.

n g. 3.

c. 19.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

jesty’? Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, it was enacted, That within One Month after the First Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or as soon after as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland for receiving Subscriptions for an Additional Capital or Joint Stock to the Extent of Three Millions six hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, and no more; in which Book every Person or Persons pofifefled of a Share or Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Bank for the Time, should be entitled to fub-lcribe for as much of the New or Additional Stock, as he, she, or they should be poiTefifed of at the Time of subscribing, and no more, or for a lefier Number of Shares if such Person or Persons so thought proper; and it was by the said last in-part recited Act further (inter alia) enacted, That it should be lawful to the Majority of a General Meeting of the said Proprietors to call for the Whole or any Part of the New or Additional Stock, in such Proportions as they should think proper; provided that no Subscriber should be called upon to pay more than his just Proportion of Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, the Amount of the New Stock corresponding to the Number of Shares subscribed for by him; but it should not be in the Power of any Subscriber to pay the Whole, or any Part of the New or Additional Stock until the same shall be called for by a Majority of a General Meeting of the Proprietors; and it was thereby further enacted, That no Subscriber of the then Additional Stock should be entitled to draw any Part of a Dividend, either upon his Old or New Stock, until he had paid his Proportion of any Call of Stock that had been ordered by a Majority of a General Meeting of Proprietors; and each Subscriber of New Stock failing to pay his Proportion of such Call, should be charged with the legal Interest upon it until the fame was paid, and should have no Vote at Elections or General Meetings while the fame remained unpaid: And whereas, by another Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company, it was enacted, That within One Month after the First Day of July, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or as soon after as might be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank should appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland for receiving Subscriptions for an Additional Capital or Joint Stock to the hxtent ot Four millions eight hundred thousand Pounds Scots, or Four hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money, and no more; in which Book, every Person or Persons possessed of Three or more Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Bank, for the Time, should be entitled to subscribe for Two Shares of the said New or Additional Stock corresponding to the Shares lo poffdTcd by such Person or Persons at the Time of subscribing and no more: and it was, by the said last recited Act, further (inter alia) enacted, That it should be lawful to the Majority of a General Meeting of the said Proprietors to call for the Whole or any Part of the New or Additional Stock at such Times, and in such Proportions, as they should think proper; but it should not be

in

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. jja

in the Power of any Subscriber to pay up, either the Whole, or any Part of the New Additional Stock, until the same shall be called for by a Majority of a General Meeting of Proprietors: And it was thereby enacted, That no Subscriber of New Stock should be entitled to draw any Part of a Dividend either upon his Old or New Stock until he had paid his Proportion of any Call of Stock that had been ordered by a Majority of a General Meeting of Proprietors; and each Subscriber of New Stock failing to pay his Proportion of such Call, should be charged with legal Interest upon it until the fame should be paid, and should have no Vote at Elections or General Meetings while the fame remained unpaid; and certain other Rules and Regulations were by the last recited Act prescribed for the better ordering and managing the Affairs of the said Bank: And whereas the gradual Augmentation of the Capital of the Bank of Scotland has proved of great Benefit to the Nation, and it will tend to the further Advancement of Agriculture, Commerce, and Manufactures, and be otherwise beneficial, that the Capital Stock of the said Bank should be dill further augmented in the Whole to the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling: And whereas the Denomination of Scots Money having now fallen into Desuetude, and all Transactions in Business as well in Scotland as in England being now made and kept in Sterling Money, it is therefore proper and expedient that in future the Stock of the Bank of Scotland, and all Sums relating to the Affairs of the said Bank,

should be reckoned and dated in Sterling Money of Great Britain i And whereas by the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety-five, it was declared, That for preventing the Breaking of the said Joint Stock and Company contrary to the Design thereof, and that the Sums of the Subscriptions and Shares there mentioned might only be conveyed and transmitted by the Owners to others who should become Partners of the said Company in their Place in Manner therein mentioned, or by Adjudication, or other legal Conveyance, in Favour of One Person only who in like Manner should succeed to be a Partner in his Predecessor’s Place, so that the aforesaid Sums of Subscriptions might neither be taken out of the Stock, nor parcelled amongst more Persons by legal Diligence in any Sort; And whereas it is expedient that the Division of the Stock of the said Company into Shares of One thousand Pounds Scots, or Eighty three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence Sterling,

should be discontinued, and that the fame should be allowed to be transferred, transmitted, or conveyed to others, or retained by the Bank (but under the Conditions after specified) in any Sums or Parcels without regard to the above Division: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within Three Months Book to be after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as may be, the Court of opened for Ordinary Directors of the said Bank shall appoint a Book to be opened additional and kept at the Office of the said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Sub- CsPltal-feriptions for an Additional Capital or Joint Stock to the Extent of Five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money; in which Book every Person or Persons possessed of any Quantity of the present Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland shall be entitled to tLee. Of Per.] 4 M sub-

322

Proprietors may fub-scribe by Proxy.

Time limited for Subscriptions.

Profit to be applied for the Benefit of the Bank.

Shares not subscrjbed for by Proprietors may be taken by other Persons.

General Meeting may call for New Stock to be subscribed for.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

subscribe for a Quantity of the said New Additional Stock in proportion to what he, she, or they shall be possessed of the Old Stock at the Time of subscribing, and no more, or for a smaller Quantity, if such Person or Persons lo think proper.

II. And in order that no Person or Persons possessed of Stock in the said Bank of Scotland may be deprived of the Benefit thereby intended for them, be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of every Proprietor of the present Capital Stock of the said Company by a Writing under his, her, or their Hands to authorize any Person he, she, or they shall think proper to subscribe for him, her, or them 5 and the Subscription of the Person so authorized shall be equally effectual as if the Proprietor who gives such Authority had subscribed with his, her, or their Hands.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Privilege and Preference of subscribing to the New or Additional Stock hereby given to the Proprietors of the present Capital Stock of the said Bank shall be limited to Three Months from the Time of opening the Subscription Book abovementioned; and after the Expiration of the said Term in case any Part of the said New or Additional Stock shall not have been subscribed for, the said Subscription Book shall be (hut, and a General Meeting of the Proprietors called, upon such Notice as a Court of Ordinary Directors shall think fit; at which Meeting, that Part of Stock not subscribed for, shall be sold to the highest Bidder, provided such Bidder be a Proprietor of the present Capital Stock of the said Bank; or be authorised and empowered to purchase for a Person who is a Proprietor of the Capital Stock by a Writing under his, her, or their Hands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Premium or Gain shall be received upon or by the said Sale or Sales, the same shall be applied for the Benefit of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Part of the New Stock shall not be sold at the said General Meeting of Proprietors, then and in that Cafe the Subscription Book shall be immediately again opened, and it shall be in the Power of any Person or Persons to subscribe for such a Quantity of Stock as he, she, or they shall choole.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Majority of a General Meeting of the said Proprietors, to call for the Whole or any Part of the New or Additional Stock to be subscribed for in Manner abovementioned, at such Times, and in such Proportions as they shall think proper, provided always, that no Sub-(criber shall be called upon to pay more than his just Proportion of Five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, the Amount of the New Stock corresponding to the Quantity of Stock subscribed for by him; but it shall not be in the Power of any Subscriber to pay up eirher the Whole or any Part of the New Additional Stock until the same shall be called for by a Majority of a General Meeting of the Proprietors.

44° GEORGII III. v Cap. 23. 3^3

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Subscriber of New Stock Proprietors shall be entitled to draw any Part of a Dividend, either upon his Old

or New Stock, until he has paid his PropQrtion of any Call of Stock until Call! that has been ordered by a Majority of a General Meeting of Pro- paid, prietors; and each Subscriber of New Stock failing to pay his Proportion of such Call, shall be charged with the legal Interest upon it until the fame be paid, and shall have no Vote at Elections or General Meetings while the fame remains unpaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That a Certificate under the Hand of the ForRecovery Accountant of the said Bank, certifying that a Call or Calls have not of Moneydue Been paid by any of the Persons who have subscribed for themselves to onCalI, the said New Stock, or by any of the Persons for whom any other Person empowered as aforesaid has subscribed to the said Stock, shall, when produced with this Act: to the Court of Session, be a sufficient Warrant to the said Court for issuing Letters of Horning against such Person or Persons for the Call or Calls unpaid by them at the Instance or Suit of the Treasurer of the said Bank.

IX. And be it further enacted, That after the New Additional Stock Qualification is completely paid in, no Proprietor shall be elected Governor, unless Governor, he be possessed of Stock to the Amount of Two Thousand Pounds Vernor!and" Sterling, nor Deputy-Governor, unless he be possessed of One Thou- Directors. sand hive Hundred Pounds Sterling, nor Director, unless he be pof-

sessed of One Thousand Pounds Sterling of the Stock of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the said New Additional Limitatitui of Stock shall have been completed in the Manner before directed, no Pro- R'8ht of prietor shall be entitled to give his Vote in the Election of a Governor, Propnetort Deputy-Governor, or Directors, or in any Question at any General Meeting, who shall not be pofreffed of Stock to the Amount of Three Hundred Pounds Sterling, and who has not actually paid in the

laid Sum of Three Elundred Pounds Sterling; and that every Proprietor shall have a Vote for each Three Hundred Pounds Sterling which he has actually paid in: Provided always, That no Proprietor shall in any Case be entitled to more than Twenty Votes.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Stock to be this Act, the Stock of the Governor and Company of the said Bank statedin of Scotland, and all Sums of Money relating to the Affairs of the said

Bank shall be reckoned and flated in Sterling Money of Great Britain. °nc>'

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of For discon-this Act, the Division of the Stock, of the said Company into Shares tlnuing 'he of One Thousand Pounds Scots, or Eighty three Pounds six Shillings and Eight-pence Sterling, shall be discontinued, and that the fame stock. shall be allowed to be transferred, transmitted, or conveyed to others, or retained by the Bank, (but under the Conditions before specified,) in any Sums, or Parcels, without Begard to the above Division.

324-

Former Acts to remain in Force

[Public Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

XIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the said several recited Acts shall remain in full Force, except in so far as any of them have been altered by any subsequent Acts, or by this present Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON 1 Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 24. '

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester,

to Saxon s Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, and in the County of York.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lar.e End, in the County of Lancaster; and from the Cross in Alhton-under-Line, in the paid County of Lancaster, to Dottor’s Lane Head, in the County of York , and also the Road branching out of the first-mentioned Rood, in the Township of Bredbury to Mot-tram, in the said County of Chester: And whereas an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His laid Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited A«5ts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on iheCredit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Mo-[Loc. fc? Per.'} 4 N ney

5g. 3.

10 G.j,

326

TrulUes.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

riey still remains Hue and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly and effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued; and the Powers and Provifjons of the said Acts having in many Respects been found defective and inefficient, it would be more convenient to the Trustees of the said Roads, and the lame might be more fff dually improved and maintained, if the said Acts were repealed, and some further and other Powers granted instead thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conferit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed; and that on the same Day this Act shall commence and take Effect in lieu and instead thereof, and shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads; and the Tolls by this Act granted shall be and are hereby declared to be Charged with and made subject to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed and are now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said Acts hereby repealed as aforesaid, and of the Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies had been borrowed and become due and owing on the Credit or on Account of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir John Fleming I.eytester Baronet, Sir John Chetwode Baronet, the Honourable and Reverend Anchitel Grey, the Honourable Richard Pepper Arden, John Arden, Peter Ashton, James Ashworth, William Bamford, Thomas Langford Brooke, Thomas Beard, Robert Bancroft, James Buckley, Robert Buckley, Henry Buckley, William Bowntfs Clerk, Charles Bowness, James Beard, John Back, Joseph Bellott, Joshua Bruckjhctw, George Hyde Clarke, Edward Clarke, William Crefswell, William Crowther, William Chadwick, John Collier, shomas Cardwell, Henry Cardwell, Joseph Dale, John Dale, George Edward Dale, Thomas Dewhurst, Davies Davenport, John Dickinson, John Dickinson the younger, Thomas Dalton, William Egerton, Wilbraham Eger tan, Thomas Egerton, Matthew Ellison, John Fletcher, Joseph Fowden, Frcdetiik William Fofter, George Grimjhaw, John Grimjbaw, George GarJide, Robert Gee, James Gee, James Gee the younger, John Fowden Hindle, William Hardy, John Hardy, John Holme, Edward Hobson, James Harrep, John Harr of, isaac Harrtp, James Harrison, James Harrison the younger, Robert Harrison, Henry Har-rifon, John Hampfon, James Heginbottom, Chriflophtr Howe Glcrk, Joseph Hyde, David Hyde, Moses Hadji’Id, Samuel Hadfield the younger, CrcxtM Johnson Clerk, Shallerofs Jacfon Clerk, James Kenworthy, Edmund Ker~ (haw, James Ktrjhaw, Henry Kelfall, John Egerton Killer, John Lingard, John Lingard the younger, Charles Leycester, Harry Leycester, Henry Lees, John Lees of Affiton-under-Line, James Lees, Joseph Lees, Samuel Lees, George Edward Leigh Clerk, Thomas Milne, George Martin, Peter Marflani, Thomas Chetbam Merrey, Thomas Marjland, Thomas Nichofon, Robert Newton, Robert Newton the younger, George William Newton, James An-trobus Newton, James Newton, William Newton, Samuel Oldkntw, Thomas

Oufey,

327

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Oufej, Ch Arles Prefect Clerk, Charles Prefcot the younger. Keif all Prefect,

John Philips, Thomas Parker, John Reddish, Thomas Reddish, Edward Reddish, Edward Reddish the younger, Neddy Ratcliffe, Edward Stelfox,

Giles Shaw, John Smith, Pete' Thcrniles, John Taylor, R.bert Thorniley,

James Turner Clerk, Joseph Thorniley, John Thorniley, Edward Thompson,

Lawrence Wright, John Watson Clerk, Holland Wat [on, Daniel Woolley,

Lawrence Walker, Lawrence Walker the younger, Richard Wdson, Pfaac Worthington, George Worthington, Abel Wood, John Wood, Joshua Wood.

John Wycb, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mcmioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and fur otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Truf- tb' TruO* tee hereby appointed or to be appointed in Manner herein-after men- tee?, others tioned, shall become by Bankruptcy or Insolvency disqualified to ad, or *"o|'°nbe shall cer.fe to reside for the Space of Two Years together in any of the c oen' Counties of Chesttr, Lancaster, or York, or shall die, or refuse to ad,

it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to elect one other Person living in any of the said Counties of Chester, Lancaster, or York, to be a Trustee in the room of such Trustee so disqualified to ad, or ceasing to reftde as aforesaid in any of the said Counties of Chester,

Lancaster, or York, or deceased, or refusing to act; but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then ertfted in or upon the said Roads, and also by inferring the fame in some publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pass, at least Ten Days before every such Meeting; and all Persons so elected are hereby vested with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution as the Persons in whose Places they shall be respectively chosen were vested with; and that no Trustee or Trustees shall have Power to act in the Execution of this Act, but during such Time only as he or or they shall live or reside within the said Counties of Chester, Lancaster, or York, or One of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting Qualification as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own ot Trust*'5, Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and York, or in (ome or One of them, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Podnds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand five hundred Pounds nor (except in administering the Oath following) before he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath herein-after mentioned, before any Five or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; (that is to say).

‘I A. B.

328

Oath.

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Nam* of their Clerk.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

‘ i A.B. do fwiar that I truly and bond fide am seised of, in my own

Right, [or in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be~\ and in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipc of the Rents anti Profits

of a Ri al Eifate in Law or Equity, situated in the County of Chester,

‘ Lancaster, or York, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds [or

pofftffed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Five ‘ hundred Pounds].

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, or being so qualified shall act as such Trustee, before he hath taken and subscribed the said Oath, every Person so offending in all or any of the Premises shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Calr, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Effjign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act , and that no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act; nor shall any Victualler, or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, or any menial Servant of any Trustee, be capable of holding any Place df Profit under this Act; but all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, nocwirhstanding their being Trustees (except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested).

V. And be it further enacted, That the Laid Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, either in the Name or Names of such Trustee or Trustees as may be a Party or Parties to any Deed or Instrument in Writing, upon which any Action shall or may be brought, or in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against: the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in his or their Name or Names, or in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Incapacity, or Removal of any such Trustee or Trustees, or Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Content of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, in case such Action shall be brought against or defended in the Name of such Clerk, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action: Provided always, that every such Trustee or Trustees, or Clerk, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act,' all such Coils, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, cr in consequence of any such

Action

329

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Action or Proceeding he or they shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by Reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Defendant, Plaintiffs or Defendants, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together on or before the Third Thursday next after the "eel-passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at the House of John Shaw, known by the Name or Sign of The Crown and Anchor, in Stockport aforesaid, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet Yearly some Time in the Month of October at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Place near the said Roads as the Did Trullees, or any Five or more of them, (Itall think proper or conve* nientfor putting this Act in Execution; which Meetings shall be deemed General Meeiings, and at which Meetings all Accounts relating to the said Trust shall be examined, settled, and adjusted; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may at any such Meetings adjourn themselves to some convenient Place or Places at or near the said Roads rripeftively, and may make such further Adjournments from Time to Time for putting this Act in Execution as they shall think proper; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a fwfficient Number of Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, then and in such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing to be affixed at or on all the Turnpikes then erected on the said Roads, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, shall appoint such Trustees to meet at the House where the last Meeting of such Trustees was appointed to be held, on that Day Three Weeks on which such last Meeting of such Trustees was appointed to have been held, and that the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Charges and Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in tb£ Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be held in purfuSnce of this Act, and not othertvife (except as herein particularly mentioned); and no Order or Determination shall be made unless a Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein, such Meeting not confiding of lei's than the lelpeftive Number herein mentioned, as the Case may be; nor shall any such Order or Determination be revoked or altered at any fubfrquent Meeting, unless Nine Trustees shall be present, and the Majority of them shall concur therein, nor unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke or alter any such Order shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk to the said Trustees, and for want of such Clerk, to the Person or Persons acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inserted in Manner herein-belorc mentioned, at least Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of Orders and the said 1 rustees shall be made and entered in a Book or Books to be of Trustwl* kept for that Purpose, and signed by a competent Number of Trustees, to be entered, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed by the said Trustees, at any Meeting of Five or more of them the said Trustees,

shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders; which said Book or Books, and also the Books directed to be kepe for registering the Mortgages and Allignmencs herein-after mentioned, shall and may be [Lsr. & Per.~] 4 0 read

33°

Meetings on Emergencies.

Trustees may appoint Officers.

44° G £ O R. G11 III. Cup. 24.

read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjourn, merit, in that case the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the acting Trustees, although not assembled at any Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Thirty Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in calc such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, may appoint such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of the Tolls hereby granted and other Officers respectively, as they shall think proper s and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon the said respective Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Roads, by any Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, from Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new ones in Cases of Death or such Removal; and the said Tolls shall be paid after the Rates herein mentioned to such Persons as shall be so appointed to receive the Cune; and the said Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, and all other Persons who shall be employed in the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, shall, at the said Annual Meeting to be held in the Month of Qttober in every Year, give unto such Trustees true and perfect Accounts, in Writing under their respective Hands, of all the Monies which shall have been by them respectively collected or received, and how and to what Uses the fame have been paid and applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments , and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their Hands to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons, or to such Uses and Purposes, as they or any Five or more of them shall di-red or appoint; and that all such Officers and other Persons shall verify such Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath any Two of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and if any of the said Officers or other Persons shall not give such Account, or shall refuse to verify the fame in Manner aforesaid, then, and in either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Officer or other Person shall reside, and such Jul-tices are hereby authorised and required to make Inquiry concerning such Default in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Parties jthemselves, as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or

Witnesses,

33*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Witnesses, upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if any such Person shall be thereof convicted, such Justices shall commit the Party to the common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person shall reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and verify such Account in Manner as aforesaid; and in case any of the said Officers or other Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall reside, to make Inquiry touching such Neglect or Refusal in a summary Way, in Manner as aforesaid, and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cause such Sums of Money as shall appear to them to be due and unpaid to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party or Parties, after the Money remaining clue and the Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be deduf ed; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found, then the said Justices, or any other Two Justices for the respective County or Place, shall commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person shall reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have paid over such Money in Manner as aforesaid, or compounded for the fame, and paid such Compcfition Money to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting, are hereby empowered to make: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, absconding, misbehaving, or Abl'ence of any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls, any Three or more of the said Trustees, though not at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Att, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver who shall abscond, misbehave, or become incapable, or absent himself as aforesaid, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver so dying or being discharged, to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or the Wife, or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, bfcond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Budding already fretted and set np by virtue of the said recited Acts, or to be erected and set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Demand made thereof, and Notice in Writing given for thac Purpose by any Three or more of the said Trustees, though not at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or

Treasurer,

Trustee* to appoint temporary Collectors.

332

Trustees may allow Sthrics.

Treasurer,

etc. to give Security.

To compel Pei<"on to pay and deliver over Money, etc.

Trustees may continue or alter Turn, pike Gates.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Toll House or Building (Ball be, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County, with such AlMance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls to be collected at each respective Turnpike, such Allowances shall be made to the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper j and that, ouc of the Monies to arise by the Tolls collected at all the said Turnpikes, such Allowances and Compensations shall be made to the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or ary Five or more of them, shall take such Security from their Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors of the Tolls and other Officers, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem expedient.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Money by virtue or in consequence of the said recited Acts, or shall have in their Custody or Possession any Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or Things, relating to the Roads comprized in this Act, shall account for and pay and deliver over the fame and every Part thereof to the said Trustees, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties, as are herein-before directed in respect to the several Collectors and other Persons receiving any Monies, or having the Custody or Power of any Books, Writings, or other Things, by virtue of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may either continue the several Turnpike Gates which now (land across or on the Sides of the said Roads in the several Townships of Brcdbury, Haughton, Ashton-under-Line, and Hatterfiey, and called The Bredbury Bar, The Crown Point Bars, The Mcjley Bar, aDd The Hatterjley Bars, or front Time to Time remove the fame, or any of them, and set up in lieu thereof, or in Addition to the fame, or any of then). One or more Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates in, upon, across, or on the Side of any Part or Parts of the Roads directed by this Act, to be amended and repaired, and across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the fame respectively, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may judge expedient, and may also ered and set up a Toll House to each such Turnpike, with suitable Outbuildings thereto; and may also inclose from the said Roads, or the Lands immediately adjoining such Toll House, convenient Garden Plots to the

333

44° GEORGII III. Cap. a4.

said Toll Houses respectively as they, or any Five or more of them, may judge proper; and may cause all or any of such Turnpikes, Toll Gates,

Toll Houses, and other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, and set up again, or altered, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall judge proper.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act no Turnpike contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or em- ^eerectad power the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to erect and Town of set up, or cause to be erected and set up, at any Time or Times Ajbtm-under-during the Continuance of this Act, any Turnpike actofs any Part fhex^wn&ip of the said Roads lying in the Town of Ashtcn-under-Line aforesaid, of Auinflaw. or in the Township of Audenjhaw in the said County of Lancaster.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all and Property of every the Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Buildings erected or to be erect* wftccHn ed by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, and of the Materials the Trustwj. for building the fame, and also of all Rails, Polls, and Fences, which shall belong to the said Roads, and also all Tools, Implements, Stones,

Gravel, and other Materials purchased, gotten, or had, or to be purchased, gotten, or had, for repairing the said Roads, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or to prefer or order to be preferred any Indiftmenc or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take away, or injure the fame, or shall didurb them the said Trustees in the Possession thereof.

XVIr. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following power to take shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said ToU*-Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse or other Cattle, Coach, Chaise,

Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, now erected and set up, or hereafter to be erected and set up, by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, the several and respective Sums ef Money herein-after mentioned (that is to say):

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, or Chair, Toll*, upon Four Wheels, drawn by Six or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sujm of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by less than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Calalh, Chaise, or Chair, upon Two Wheels, drawn by Two or more Hortes or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth or Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, the Sum of Four Shillings; with Wheels of a Surface of Sixteen Inches the Sum of Two Shillings i upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, the Sum of Two Shillings; and for every Cart, Wain, or other such Carnage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Four or more than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught,

[L#r. £?* Per.] 4 P the

334

Double Toll*

on Sundays.

except for Milk.

For Recovery

of Tolls.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

the Sum of Ten-pence; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence; and for every Cart, Wain, or Carriage, upon Rollers of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, the Sum of Sixpence; and for every Waggon, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid, the Sum of Four Shillings; and for every Waggon, upon Wheels rolling a Surface of Eleven Inches on each Side, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Three or Four Horses, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses, the Sum of Eight-pence-, and drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Waggon, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with "Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by any Horse or Horses, or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and for every Cart, Wain, or other Cirriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Three or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Sh lling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And, For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That on each and every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken at the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates now erected and set up, or hereafter to be erected and set up, in lieu of the said several Tolls hereby granted, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time authorize and appoint for that Purpose. Double the Tolls by this Act granted, to be respectively demanded and taken for every Horse, Beall, or ocher Cattle, Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Carr, or orher Carriage, in Manner as aforesaid (except such Horses or other Bealls, or Carriages, as shall be used and employed in carrying or conveying Milk only, the fame being hereby declared liable to the Payment of the fame Tolls, only as are due and payable on any other Day of the Week, and no more).

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall after Demand thereof made, neglect or rtfufe to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid to collefl such Tolls, to seize and distrain any Horse, Bead, on other Cattle upon which such Toll is by this Act imposed, together with their or any of their Bridles, Saddles, Geers, Harness, or Accoutrements; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining

335

44° GEORGII III. 24.

ing and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Dilbrrfs made, the Person or Persons so dif-training shall and may fell the Horse, Cattle, Bead, Carriage, or Things,

Goods and Chattels so distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deduced; and that all the Tolls to be collected or levied by virtue of this Act shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be applied and may be assigned in such Manner as herein-after mentioned.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the mean Prerent Tolls Time, and until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred

and four, the Tolls at present payable at the several Toll Gates erected Day of June on the said Roads shall continue due and payable at the several Gates re- ,8<H* spectively, and shall be recovered and recoverable in such Manner as is provided by the said recited Acts or either of them.

, 'flioT ' io vnt oT io in^f " 3ni oj

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen For settling about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, Difpytes ron-it shall be lawful for the Coljedor or Person so distraining to retain ccrnin&*° * such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, as the Case

may happen, until t^Je^tjuantity of the Tolls, or the Charges of the Distress and Sale^and of keeping the Distrefj, as the Case may happen, be afeeminedflf some Justice of the Peace for such of the Counties as the Cause of-Enlputfc shall arise in, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witoefles, and shall determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of the Col-ledoPs Attendance for chat Purpose upon the said Justice; all which said Sums as shall be so determined or afieffed shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus,* after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, Or TollBsr Litigation shall arise touching Or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, K-eeperA£om* the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Tolls to be who shall have paid Toll for passing through any Turnpike erected or to be erected upon the said Roads, shall be subject to the Payment of he i any Toll for returning through such Turnpike the same Day before mentioned-Twelve of the Clock ar Night with the fame Horses, Mares, Geldings,

Mules, Asses, or other Cattle, or with the fame Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, but shall return Toll-free, except such Waggon, Cart, Caravan, Timber Carriage, or other such like Carriages, which shall pass or repass through any of the said Turnpikes loaden with any Loading of the Weight of Five Hundred Pounds or upwards of Six'Score to the Hundred, and shall return the fame

33& 44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

the same Day also loaden with any Loading of the Weight of Five Hundred Pounds or upwards as aforesaid; or any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Cah-riot, Calalh with Four Wheels, or Caravan, or by what Name foever such Carriage or Carriages now is or are or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept or used by or for any Person or Persons as a publick Stage Coach, or Stage Coaches, or Stage Carriages, employed in carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, (in all which exrpted Cases the Tolls aforesaid shall be again paid) on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collectors of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes, which Note or Ticket such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Tolls.

crom«" the

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Road*8or for taken for the passing of any Cattle or Carriage which shall only cross tr»eiiing the said Roads, or any of them, or shall travel on them, or anyrof them. Yards "only. ^or *he Space of One Hundred Yards only, unless such crossing shall be with an Intent to avoid the Payment of Toll at any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates','and the Payment of such Tolls shall be avoided - accordingly.

*’ fill) 1 1 1 . to 1

XXIV. Provided always, and t be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons residing within the , Township of HttUrsley, ip thfe laid County of Chejlet\ for any Carriage, or any Horse, Cattle, or Beall laden only with, ongoing unladen for, or returning unladen, having been only laden (with Corff or Grain to be ground at Brightomley Mill, within the Township of Hatttrjley aforesaid* for his and their own Use and Consumption in his and her Dwelling House, and not for Sale; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horse* Cattle, or Carriage, passing laden with, or passing empty, or un-loaden for, or returning the same Day empty or unloaden, after having been loaden with Stone, Brick, Lime, Gravel, or ocher Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, or for repairing the Highways in any Township through which any of the Roads, directed by this Act to be repaired, lead, or in any of the adjoining Townships; nor for any Carriage loaden with, or passing empty or unloaden for. Of returning the same Day empty or unloaden after having been loaden with Grals, Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw only, or Marl, Muck, Dung, Mould, Soil, Compost, or Manure of any Nature or Kind whatsoever (Lime excepted), for the improving or manuring of Land, not bought, fold, or disposed of, or carried for the Purpose of being sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up, or placed in the Outhouies or on the Lands of the Owner thereof, who shall not have bought the fame -, nor for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor for any Horse, or any other Cattle or Sheep going to or from Water, Pasture, or Plough, or Tillage, ,or Work in Husbandry, or going to or returning from any Smith, or Blacksmith’s Shop, to be (hoed or farried; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken front any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any of the said Counties of Chesttr, Lantafter, or York, on the Day before the Day or Days of such Election, or the Day after the same shall be concluded , nor for any Horse or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex.

prefles

337

4+* GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

presses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed-in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Ex* presses, or in returning back therefrom -, nor for the Horses of Soldiers jpafling, who are upon their March or on Duty, or for Waggons, Wains,

Carts, or other Carriages attending them, with Arms or Baggage-, nor for Horses, or Carriages travelling with Vagrants Cent by legal Pafles, or Prisoners sent to Gaol or the House of Correction, or returning after being so employed; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or vifuing his sick Parishioners nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their proper Parish or Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is or 'ered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Townflnps or Parishes through which the said Roads lead; and if any Person or Persons shall ‘claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, such Person or Persons shall f r every loch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall rPe'^"l';J1"kr* be subject to the Payment of Toll more than once in a Dav fur ^"‘topU’ any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden with Milk, Whey, J oil only Buttermilk, or Curds, or for the Return of any such Hoise, Mare, once;> Gelding, Mule, or Afs, with the empty Vessels in which such Milk,

Whey, Buttermilk, or Curds shall have been conveyed; any Thing herein-befnre contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any Wag- No Exemption gon, Cart, or other Carriage, which hath or shall have Wheels of less carriageswUh Breadth than Six Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, and upon which wh«'» °flefo the Sole shall not lie flat, or so as not to deviate more thin Half an Inch f;"inchti!" from a flat Surface, and shall not have the Nails counterfunk so as not to

rife above the Surface; or if any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, which, together with the Loading thereof, shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by the Act made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom, to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages of the same Kind respectively, and loaden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Toll thereby imposed; it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities, as is dirtdled for the weighing of Carriages by the said Act made in the Thnteenth Year of His present Majesty.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall offer or ciipose

of any Note or Ticket to any Person in order to evade the Payment of the ,f said Tolls, every such Person so offering or disposing of such Note or 'Jlcktts,° Ticket, and the Person receiving and making Use of the lame, shall poll. p:i',ns respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the ether Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures aie herein directed tu be applied.

[lot. & Per.]

338

Penalty on

permitting private Passages, etc. or evading Tell.

Tolls may be varied.

Trustees empowered to compound so Tolls.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horle, Btaft, Cattle, oi Carriage, pals through any I ands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate at any Time erected on the said Roads (the lame not being a publick. Highway,) or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage whatsoever to pals through the lame, or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Act directed to be given, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof shall be avoided, or if any Person or Persons shall forcibly pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse or other Cattle, or Bealt, without Payment of Toll, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horle or other Cattle, or Bealt, from any Carriage, or shall leave, or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Roads any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or shall with such Intent unload any Goods from any Horle, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, or in any Manner whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as other Penalties are hereinafter directed to be applied.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to Ieffen or reduce all or any of the Tolls by this Act granted, and for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, and may afterwards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened to any Sum or Sums of Money riot exceeding the respective Rates herein-before mentioned, and to order and direct such Tolls so to be lessened, or reduced, or advanced, to be collected, received, taken, laid out, and applied for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Tolls arc herein-before directed to be collected, levied, and applied; but no such Reduction shall be made unless the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Hve-fixch Parts of the Money which shall have been lent, and be then due upon the Credit of the Tolls intended to be reduced, shall be cor.fenting thereto; and that no such Reduction shall be made unless Thirty Days Notice ac least shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act, expressing the Intention of making such Reduction, and inserted in some publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads do pass.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five ' or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term, not exceeding One Year ac any one Time, with any Person or Persons for any Horles, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages passing through

my

339

4+° GEORGII- III. Cap. 24.

any of the said Turnpikes nr Toil Gate', so that no such Composition shall be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire; and all such Composition Money shall be paid one Year in Advance, otherwise such Composition shall be void.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Tiuftre* may said Frultees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time co Time, by lea,eTo‘ls Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hand and Seal

of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, by their Older to be made for that Purpos^, to let or lease the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Person or Persons for any Term, not tx ceding Three Ye..rs ac any one Time, for the belt Rent that can or may be got for the fame, payable at such Times and under such Covenants, and unto such Person or Persons, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint; of w,hicii letting Fourteen Days Notice at the leut final 1 be given in Writing, to oe affixed on all the Turnpikes which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act upon the said Roads, and by inferring the same in some publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pals; and the Monies arising the reby shall be applied in such and the same Manner as the Tolls so let or leased are directed to be applied.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees mny said T'ultees, or any Five or more of them, at any publick. Meeting, if *tk^"il|1ll,clc01. they shall think proper, to order and cau'fe to be erected and built der Eagmes" at any or as many Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, erected or to be erected be er«;te^ upon any Part of the said Roads, or at such Dillance from any Turn- cXnulls' and pike or Toll Gate as they shall think requisite and expedient, a Crane, cmy n.ke *e.-Machine, or Engine, with a fuirable House or other Building thereto, dltlor'il Tolls‘ proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages, conveying

of any Goods or Merchandize whatever, and to each such Crane, Machine, or Engine, to order and cause to be erected a Turnpike Gate or Toll Gate, (if they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper) across the said Roads; and by Writing signed by them, or any Five or more of them, to order all and every or any such Carriage or Carriages which shall pals loaded through any such Gate or Bar, or shall come upon any Part of the said Turnpike Roads, within the Dillance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine, or Engtne, although the fame Carriage or Carriages shall not have.passed through any TollGare or Turnpike Gate, to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to order any Person or Persons to receive and take, over and above the Tolls hereby granted, the following Sums of Money as additional Tolls:

For every Hundred Weight of One Hundred and Twelve Pounds to Tolls, the Hundred, which any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh, at any Weighing Machine or Engine hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, over and above the Weights allowed to each of them respectively by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; (that is to say).

For

340

44° GEORGII Ul. Cap. 24.

For the First and Second Hundred of such Overweight the Sum of Three-pence for each Hundred:

For every Hundred of such Overweight, above Two hundred and not exceeding Five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Hundred of such Overweight, above Five Hundred and not exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence: For every Hundred of such Overweight, above Ten Hundred and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Five Shillings:

And for every Hundred of such Overweight, above Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

Which said Additional Toll or Duty hereby granted and made payable shall and may be levied and recovered, in any of the Cases aforesaid, upon any Person liable thereto, or upon his or her Goods or Chattels, who shall, afttr Demand made thereof, refuse or neglect to pay the fame, in such Manner as any other Toil or Duty is hereby directed to be levied and recovered, and the Money arising from such Toll or Duty shall be applied to the Repair of the Turnpike Road where the same shall be col-letted.

fbrOverbMt

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll or weight, at any Duty shall be collected or payable at any Turnpike Gate or Toll Gate Turnpike to be eretted at any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, for the Ufr of ingEjiginc*11 any ^uc*1 Crane, Machine, or Engine only for any Carriage passing through the fame and being weighed, except for Ovciweighc as aforesaid.

The Person

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of every such the Trustee^ Toll Gate or Bar where any such Weighing Engine shall be eretted, or shall weigh any other Person to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or Carriage* more of them, to the Care of such Crane, Machine or Engine, shall which ne hat and is hereby required to weigh all such Waggons and Carts, liable to ptft'carry,ul" we'ghcci by virtue of this Att, which shall pass loaden through such Overweight. Gates or Bars respectively, or shall come within the Distance ot Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, without passing through any such Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or Toll Bars respectively, and which he shall have Reason to believe carry greater Weights than are allowed to pass without paying such additional Tolls; and if any Gate Keeper or Person so appointed shall permit any such Waggon or Cart to pass through any such Toll Gate with greater Weight than is allowed as aforesaid, without weighing the fame, and receiving such additional Tolls as aforesaid; and every Owner or Driver of any such Waggon or Cart which shall pass loaded through any such Gates or Bars retpettively, or shall come upon any Part of the said Turnpike Road within the Dillance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, who shall refule to suffer his Carriage to be weighed, upon his being required so to do by the Collector or Receiver of such additional Tolls, although such Waggon or Cart shall have parted beyond the Distance of One Hundred Yards from any such Gates or Bars respectively, or beyond any such Crane, Machine, or Engine as aforesaid, every such Gate Keeper or Person so appointed as aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and the Owner, or Driver being the Owner of every such Waggon or Cart, shall for every such Offence

forfeit

3+*

To detect Fraud in the Gate Keeper, etc. any Tiuf-tee, etc. may compel the Carriages within 300 Yards to return and be weighed.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24-

forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the Driver of every such Waggon or Cart, not being the Owner, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXV. And, in order to detect the said Collector or Receiver in any fraudulent Connivance or Neglect of Duty in the Matters aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Trustee, Creditor, Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor of the said Roads respectively, if he shall suspect any such Connivance or Neglect: as aforesaid, to cause any Carriage liable to be weighed by virtue of this Act, which shall have passed through any Toll Gate, or shall come upon any Part of the said Turnpike Roads within the Dist.ince of Fifty Yards from the Place where such Crane, Machine, or Engine shall be erected, and shall not have passed or be above Time Hundred Yards beyond or trom such Toll Gate or Weighing Engine, to return to such Weighing Engine, and be there weighed with the Loading thereof, in the Presence of such Trustee, Creditor, Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor, upon requiring the Driver thereof to drive such Carriage back to such Weighing Engine, and upon paying or tendering to h in the Sum of One Shilling for so doing (which Sum of One Shilling shall be r-turned to the Person paying the fame, if upon weighing such Carriage and Loading the same shall be found above the Weight hereby allowed); and the said T;ultees, or any Five or more of them, shall and are hneby authorized and required to inclose from the Did Roads, or to pm chafe and inclose from the Lands adjoining thereto, sufficient GroUnd for the Purpose of erecting such Cranes, Machines, or Engines, and Houses and other Buildings and Coveniencies thereto, and for the Purpose of making convenient Places for turning such Carriages upon every such Road where any such Weighing Engine shall be erected on each Side thereof, if the Ground will admit of the fame; and there shall be a List of the Names of all the Trustees and Creditors, and also of the Clerk, Treasurer, and Surveyor of such Roads respectively, put up in the House or Building where such Weighing Engine shall be placed, to be inspected by the Owner or Driver of every such Carriage; and if the Driver of any such Carriage, being so requested to return with his Carriage to such Weighing Engine, shall neglect cr refuse so to do, he shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; and ic shall be lawful for any Peace Officer or other Person or Persons being then prefenc, upon such Neglect or Refusal; to drive and take such Carriage back to such Weighing Engine, in order that the fame may be weighed as aforesaid.

XXXVF. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the ^e‘ ^nndnrj^or gulations of Weight herein-before mentioned shall not extend, or be deem- straw’, f>ded or construed to extend, to any Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, der, or Corn employed only in Husbandry, or carrying only Manure for Land, Hay,

Straw, Fodder, or Corn unthraflied, excepting Hay or Straw cartied weighed, for Sale;

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall unload, or cause to be unloaded any Goods, Wares, or Merchant to

dize, from any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, at or before the lame avoid joying shall come to any Turnpike Gate or Weighing Engine creeled by virtue o^Vn^other* Or' in pursuance of this Act, or shall load or lay upon any such Car- Toll, riage, after the same shall have passed any such Turnpike or Weighing [Lor. y Peri] 4 R Engine,

342

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Engine, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, taken or unloacJen from any Horse, Carr, or other Carriage, belonging to, or hired, or borrowed by the fame Waggoner or Carrier, in order to avoid the Payment of the said respective Duties of Thrtepence, Sixpence, Two Shillings and Six* pence, Five Shillings, anti Twenty Shillings per Hundred, in the Cases aforesaid; or if any Person shall so unload in order to carry consider. able Quantities through any Turnpike Gate in One and the same Day, and thereby pay Ms Toll at such Turnpike Gate than would have been paid if such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes had not been so unloaded; such and every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid; and being thereof lawfully convicted before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of the Owner of such Cart,' Waggon, or other Carriage; and each and every Driver, not being the Owner of such Waggon or Carriage, so offending, and being thereof so convicted as aforesaid, shall be committed to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of Three Calendar Months.

Ing^Cvriagei

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner of any Wag-out of the gon. Cart, or other Carriage, or other Person being the Driver thereof, th^Tuli8In!? lravcM>ng on the said Roads where any Toll Gate or Weighing Engine is afterwards re- or shall be erected, shall drive or turn out of the fame into any other Road in order to avoid being weighed, or to avoid the paying of Toll, the Owners, and shall afterwards proceed with such Carriage into and on any Part of norTf "2 t*le Turnpike Roads, every such Owner or other Person cunvidled than"ior.e of such Offence, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Limit where such Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit, if he be the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, and if he be the Driver and not the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, upon Conviction for every such Offence.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That noCarriage liable to be weighed of Carring" by virtue of this Act shall pass along the said Roads, unless the same shall to be weighed, be made and constructed in such Manner that no Pair of such Wheels shall be wider than Four Feet Six Inches, from Inside to Inside, to be measured on the Ground, (except Wheels having the Soles of the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, which shall be so constructed as to roll a Surface of Sixteen Inches,) and that the wider Part of such Wheels shall not be more than Five Feet Eight Inches, from Inside to Inside, to be raea-sured on the Ground; and that the Distance from the Center of the Fore-wheel to the Center of the Hind-wheel of any Waggon or Four-wheeled Carriage, not being used for the Carriage of Timber only, be not above Nine Feet, to be measured from the Center of the Axle-trees, at the Ends thereof, on Pain of the Owner or Owners of every such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence , and the Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate Keeper or Gate Keepers of the said Roads, is and are hereby authorized and required, at any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or at any other Place upon the

3 43

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

said Roads, to measure every such Waggon, Wain, or other such Cart \ and if any Matter or Driver of any Waggon, Wain, or other such Carr, shall hinder or refuse to permit such Surveyor or Surveyors, Gate Keeper or Gate Keepers, to measure such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds; and it shall not be lawful for any such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, not permitted to be measured as aforesaid, to pass along the said Roads.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Gate Keeper or Toll Ga-therer of every such Toll Gate or Bar, and the Keeper of every such to account Toll Gate or Bar, where any Crane, Machine, or Weighing Engine "henSquired shall or may hereafter be erected and set up in or across the said Roads, by iheTruf-and every Surveyor of the said Roads, shall, when required by Notice in ues‘ Writing from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, render upon Oath, to be administered by and taken before any One Justice of the Peace in and for the said Counties of Chester, Lancrjler, or Turk, as the Case may be, or before any Trustee of the said Roads, a true and exact Account in Writing to the said Trustees, or to any Person to be named in any such Notice, appointed by them, or any Five or more of them, of all Monies received by him, her, or them, at Rich Toll Gate or Bar, or otherwise, on account of the said Roads hot before accounted for, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence or Neglect, to be recovered in a summary Way, before any One such Justice of the Peace, and applied to the Use of the said Roads; and every Collector or Toll Gatherer at any such Crane, Machine, or Engine, who shall take a greater or less Toll or Tolls from any Person or Persons, than what is or are hereby authorized and directed for Overweight, as herein-before is mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyors may Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall ap- make cause-point (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from W355' "c* the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to make Ciufeways, and alfoDitches and Drains, in and upon the said ltoads, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduct the Water from off the said Roads, and also to widen any Part of the said Roads, by opening, clearing, and laying into the said Roads, any Grounds of any Person or Persons lying contiguous thereto, so as to make such Parts of the said Roads not exceeding Sixty Feet in Width, and also to make a Road through the Grounds adjoining or lying near to any hollow Way, or narrow or ruinous Part of the said Roads, not being the Ground whereon any House or Out-building stands, or a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a N uriery for Trees previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, to be made use of as a publick Highway, whilst the High Road is repairing or widening; and also by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees, to build, erect, and repair, or keep in Repair, any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches upon any Part of the said Roads, and across any Scream, Brook, Water,

Ditch, or Drain thereon, or contiguous thereto, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively.

44 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24*

for the Damage they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning the Damages, the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Difference shall arise, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the same County or Place next ascer such Difference shall arise, and on Six clear Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at his or their respective Places of Abode, shall hear, settle and determine the Matter of such Damages and the Costs attending the hearing and determining the fame, whose Judgement and Order therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; but that no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Commons or Waste Lands.

surveyors to

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors to

|et Grave, be appointed by virtue of this Act, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, is and are hereby empowered to cut, gather, take, and carry away any Athler Stone, CopingStone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, and also any Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the making and repairing the said Roads, and the Bridges; Culveits, Walls, and Fences, in or upon the lame, in, upon, out of, or from any Waste Grounds or Commons, Rivers or Brooks, in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, or Place, to be used in the making and repairing the said Roads, without paying anything for the fame, and to cart and carry away the fame over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, m. king Satisfaction as after-mentioned, such Surveyor or other Persons filling up the Pit or Pits, levelling the Ground from which such Materials dial) be taken, or railing or fencing of such Pit or Pits, and so that the fame may not be dangerous to Padengers or Cattle; and if such Quantities ot Adder Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, or Furze; Heath, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, proper and fudkient for that Purpose cannoc be had or found in or upon such Waste Grounds or Commons, Rivets or Brooks, contiguous to that Part of the said Roads therewith to be made and repaired, then and in such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may, by Older of the said Trustees, or any Five ot more of them, cut, dig, and make any Pit or Pits, and get, gather, take and carry away such Stone and Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from and over the Lands cr G ounds of any Person or Persons, (not being a Yard, Garden, Or-ch rd. Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nurl'ery for Trees), paying or tendering Payment to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds such Damages for the cutting, digging, gathering, taking, and carrying away the said Ashler Stone, Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, Fuiz-, Heath, Gravel, Sand, and Materials, and for carrying the fame, or the Materials gotten in any Common or Waste Grounds, Rivers or Brooks as aforesaid, over their Lands or Grounds as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, or any of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors,

or

H

345

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

or other Person or Persons by them appointed or employed as aforesaid, and the Taid Owners or Occupiers, or any or either of them, concerning the said Damages, the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place wh-rein such Lands or Grounds shall be, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the same County or Place next aftei such Difference shall arise, and on Six dear Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at his or their respective Places of Abode, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of the said Damage, and the Costs attending the hearing and determining the fame, whose Judgement and Order therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall f"y"yorsw"ot not be lawful fur any such Surveyor or Surveyor', or any other Person, Material, out under the Authority of this Act or any other Statute now in being, to cf privaie take and carry away Stone or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, v-

Bridges, Culverts, Walls, and Fences, out of or from any inclosed Lands ing Notice to or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Oc* tlxe Occupiers, copier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or less for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace aiding for the County or Limit where such Lands are situated, to shew Cause why such Matdials shall not be had or taken out of or from such Linds and Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall, if they think meet, authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Stone and Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any hive or more of them, or to such Justices, shall seem proper , and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall Penalty on take or carry away any Stone or other Materials which shall have been dug |*ayt or gathered for the Purpose of making, completing, or amending, the said t, the SurT Roads, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Wotkmen shall have discontinued working the iein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Person authorized by such Owner or Occupier, to get Materials for his own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor* said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or iL"ance*. Sutveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint from Time to Time (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Older for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them)

[Lee. y Per.'] 4 S to

34^ 44° GEORGII XH. Cap. i\.

t<5 remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Roads* by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and convert the same to his and their o«/n Use and Uses, and to turn any Water-courses, Sinks, or Drains, running along, into, or out of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanle, widen, or make deeper, any Watercourles or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think necdl'ary, and to cut down, lop or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bullies, growing or to grow on the said Iloads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto respectively, not being a Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Walk, cr Avenue to a House, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall, for the Space of Seven Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by loch Surveyor or Surveyors, neglect to top, lop, cut down, or remove such Trees. Shrubs, or Budies, or to open, scour, cleanle, widen, or deepen such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors diall require; the Charges whereof, to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be reimbursed to such Survtyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and applied; and if after removing any of the said Annoyances ar.y Person shall again offend in like Manner, every such Ptrloa shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

oWtruJting

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

Surveyor. aflaulc, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or procure to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Tuinpiice Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, and while doing or performing any Work authorized to be done or performed by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence Forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Power to turn

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Ma*

Part^nhe^ j°nty of the Trustees present at any Meeting of Eleven or more of such

Brads, Trustees, such Majority not to consist of less than Seven ac any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to widen, turn, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads to be repaired and kept in Repair by the said former Acts or this Act, for the Accommodation of Passengers, through any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, under such Terms and Satisfaction as are herein-after mentioned, and also through any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making any Satisfaction fur such Commons or Waste Grounds j and also that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon any private Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, through which or whereupon the said Roads hereby authorized to be made, widened, turned, or altered, are intended to pals, and to Hake out and make the fame in such Manner as they the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, shall think necessary or proper, without being

liable

4-f° GEORGII III. Cap. 24. 347-

liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parrs of such last-menrioned Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments respectively, for any the Purposes of this Act, first making and tendering Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Nolicetobe* fiid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall at any Meeting or given of di-Meetings to be convened under the Authority of this Act, by an "Sthe Order in Writing under their Hands, signify their Intention or Desire of diverting, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the Roads to be repaired and kept in Repair hv this Act, then that Thirty Days Notice at lead shall be preVtously given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then eroded in or upon the said Roads, and also by infefting the fame in Two of the Manchifter Weekly Newspapers, in case that Number shall be then published, of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to contract incapacitated with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Heredra- LaiSt'and’ ments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Lot's or Damage such Owners other Heredi-or Persons may sustain by making, diverting, turning, or altering the Courfeor Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands ,he Purposes or Hereditaments, and to pay for the fame by and out of the Tolls of this Act. and other Monies to be raised by virrue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators,

Guardians, or other Trustees, whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants,

Femes Covert, or CejluiqueTrufls, and all other Persons whomsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the lame as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contracts, Agreemenrs,

Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that all Persons shall be and they are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick or If Parties do Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any Person or Persons, as aforesaid, 'o^or interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice cannot make to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House Trtle, the or Dwelling Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Per- pm'ifcs to' fons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, bc settled Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the 1 Jury‘ Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, intended to be taken in and added to any of the said Roads, and through which any of the said Roads shall be intended to be turned as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat:,

of

34* 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause it to be inquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, or York, as the Case may be (which Oath any Two or nvire of the said Trulfees are hereby empowered and required to administer) what Damages shall be sustained by and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Persons as aforesaid, for or on account of the turning of such Roads through such Lands < r Grounds; and in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Tim- to summon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons, whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary or prop r to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and they the said Trustees, Or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own cs for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises; and such Trusters shall o der, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money, which shall be aC feffed by the said Jury for such Damage as aforesaid, to be pad to he said Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdii! or Inquificion of the said Jury, which Verdict or Inquisition, a d . Judgement, Order, and Determination, shall be final and biudi g

to all Intents and Purpolts, again!! all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim in Possession, Reverfiun, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heiis and Successors, as well absenc as prefer,t, Intents Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Disabihtv whatsoever, itodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesuflical or Civil, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever, and again!! all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue out a Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff <.f the respective Coun y, as the Case may be, thereby commanding him to im-pannel, summ n, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of th- m, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and recurn such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid, and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honel! and indifferent Men of the Starders-by, or that can speedily be procured, to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

challenged^ 1.1. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons con-

and Sheriffs cerned shall have their lawful Challenge again!! any of the said Jurymen, fault. or De’ and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting in ihe Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff's or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons, who shall be

349

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

be summoned and returned on such Jury and shall not appear, cr appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or, being sworn, or refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence be/ore the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect: to appear, or refuse to be eximin-d and give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Forfeitures in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be levied and disposed of, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums Money «i-of Money or Recompense to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, lowed for shall be, and is and are hereby charged upon the respective Tolls by this howdtobe'" Act appropriated for the repairing the respective Roads so to be widened, charged and turned, or altered, or on the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of tcadere<1 such respective Tolls, and shall be paid thereout accordingly to the Persons entitled respectively thereto, or to their Agents, and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons or their Agents, and in case of Refusal to rake and accept of the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees for the Use of such Persons, and after One Calendar Month’s Notice thereof given to such Persons or their Agents to receive such Money, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into Possession of and to lay such Land or Ground into the said Roads, and to do all and every such Act Matter or Thing, with relation to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thick fit; and the Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, so taken into or made Part of the said Roads, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, a publick and common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Roads hereby appointed to be made, repaired, and widened, are by this or any other Law to be repaired; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands and Grounds constituting the former Road, unlel's leading over some Common or Waste, or to some Town or Place to which such new Road shall not lead, shall be vested in and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Five or mere of them, for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls hereby appropriated to the Repair of the Road so to be sold as aforesaid are dirt sted to be applied; but this Act shall not extend to give Power to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to take down any House or other Building, or to take ia any Land that is a Garden adjoining to any Dwelling House, or any Orchard,

Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or Nur. ftry for Trees, cr any Part thereof, such Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park,

Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue, or Notfery, not having been made or planted within the Space of One Year immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively.

[Lee. ft? Per.] 4 T

35°

How the Ex-peiices of the jury shall be paid.

Application of Compensations where exceeding tool.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Lois or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before che summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Lots or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witpefies, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this AQ; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Afflff-ment for no more or for lets Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage, as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference shall be paid and bo ne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees, or any Five or mo^eof them, shall have such Controversy or D fpute; which laid Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the respective County, not interested in the Matter in Question (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the lame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so affdled and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the Trustees, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infanr, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accoutant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Directions and with the Approbation of the said Coure, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other

35*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24*

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or to the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or uied, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commitees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant Gereral of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Dirt&ion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed cr awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be leis than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees,

or

Application where the Compensation does not exceed 100/ nor less than ao /.

Application where the Money ia leis than ao /.

352

Money allowed for Lands, etc. purchased, how to be charged and tendered, etc.

Where any Question shall arise touch tug the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, etc. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in caie of Infancy of Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefic of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LVII. And be it further enacted, Thar in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or difeovtred, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Accounr, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments [deferring the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and D.fpofuion of the Lid Court v which said Court, on the Application cf any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc trvrei f, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a funimary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall fenn meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof in Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cathiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar where any Question shall arise, touching the Tide of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accoun'ant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this AT, for the Purchase of any Lands, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Incereft in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to

353

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Heredicames, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, byreason Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Expence, of Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame shall be re- bepaidbytbe quired to be paid into the said Court, and be applied in the Purchase of Truitew. other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuanee of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LX. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted and declared, That Trustees not the Power and Authority given to the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall Housei, not extend to the pulling down any Dwelling House or other Building, or taking in the Site of any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, or to take in any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof, respectively, without the Consent of the Owners and Proprietors thereof in Writing first had and obtained.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum upon Piy-or Sums of Money so to be agreed upon, or adjudged or awarded by the ment of Pur-Jury to be paid for the Purchase of the said Lands or Grounds, or any comJvmcoi Part thereof, the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall make and execute, tobeexocuted. or procure to be made and executed, proper and effectual Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, of the said Premises for which such Sum or Sums of Money was or were agreed, awarded, or adjudged to be paid, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things necessary and requisite to make a good, clear, and perfect Title thereunto; and such Conveyances, Sur. renders, Alignments, and Assurances shall contain such usual and reasonable Covenants as shall on Behalf of the Trustees be required; and in case any Person or Persons, to whom such Money shall be agreed, awarded, or adjudged to be paid as aforesaid, shall not evince a clear and perfect Title to the said Premises, or make or procure to be made, at the Expence of the said Trustees, proper or effectual Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do, being the reunto required, such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed, awarded or adjudged to be paid as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Manner herein mentioned.

LXII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to make fell Ground by virtue of this Act, or by reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Roads, they may happen to be ftifed of some Piece or Pieces poiv« of this [Loc. & Per.J 4 U of Aa-

354

44-0 GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

of Ground, and of fomc Piece or Parcel of the said old Roads, over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes cf this Act; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Piece or Pieces of the said old Roads, cither together or in Parcels, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

dsadVin" Provided always, and be it further enact-d, That the said Truf-

to have the tees, beiore they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of the said Preference. old Roads, shall first offer the same to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto, and that the said Trustees before they shall sell or dispose of the said Piece or Pieces of Overplus Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or repurchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground shall lie, by some Person or Persons noways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground, (fating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustee', and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or repurchafing the same, and he, (lie, or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect todifputed Value of Prernifes to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to fuc.h Purchase made by the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, mutatis mutandis and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Milap-plication or Nonapplication of such Money.

J*'"

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Sc-

Upon ven or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden for that

gage &fToil*. Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Notice in Writing shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurtrs, to be fixed on all the Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Roads, and inserted in one or more publick Newspaper or Newspapers circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pass, may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be collected and arising by virtue of this Act, and also the Toll Houses and Appurtenances thereunto belonging (rhe Charges of assigning the same to be

355

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums ot Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, upon the Credit of such Toll4, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend ..the fame, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal Interest as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, which said Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the said Tolls to arise or becollefted at the said Turnpikes are hereby intended to be applied and disposed of, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that such Mortgage' or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, may be in Form following, or such other Form, as the said Trustees making the same shall think proper; (videlicet),

BY, Virtue and in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year t of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here t insert the Title of this A5i~] in Consideration of the Sum of

t to A.B. the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, having been this Day paid by C.D. of We, whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed, being

of the said Trustees, do grant and assign unto the said C. D.

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls

arising upon the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of the Turnpikes ‘ and Toll Houses for collecting the said Toils, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, or charged thereupon, for the Term of the said Act; to have, hold, receive, and take such Proportion of the said

Tolls, Toll Houses, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, unto the ‘ said C.D. " Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the

Residue and Remainder now to come, of Years, for which the said Tolls are granted by the said Act, subject to the Proviso fol-

lowing; (that is to say) Provided always, that if the said Sum of

shall be repaid to the said C.D. Executors, Administrators,

or Assigns, together with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of

‘ per Centum per Annum, without any Deduction whatever, on or before the Day of now next ensuing, then this

Assignment shall be void, or else shall remain in full Force. In Wit-‘ ntfs whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this

‘ Day of

Copies of all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, or the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand and Seal," or Hands and Seals, to be indorsed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, Hands and Seals, before One credible Wit-nets, toaflign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever by

signing

Form of Mortgage.

Copiet to be entered.

3$6

No Priority of Mortgages.

Old Mortgages may be called in, and new one® granted.

Persons liable to the Repair of the Roads, 6sfr. to continue fo/

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

signing an Instrument, to be annexed co such Security, before one credible Witness, in the following "Words, or Words to the like Effect:

« t A.B. do transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to < the Principal and Interest thereby secured, and to all the Interest now , due thereon, unto C.D. his [or, her] Executors, Administrators, or Assigns. Dated this Day of

A. B:

Witness,

« e. f:

All which Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees within Sotty Djys after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignments, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned and transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Assignments, for which the Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all reasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, and not otherwise, such AlTignment or Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to such Mortgage or Assignment, and the Monies thereby secured and so assigned and transferred, and to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall and may in like Manner assign and transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment or Transfer to make void, relcafe or discharge the fame or any Monies thereon.

LXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, or who shall already have advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of the said former Acts, or either of them, in respect to the Priority of advancing or of having advanced any Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Morrgages or Assignments have been or shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money and on the Terms therein mentioned. Creditors on this Act in equal Degree one with another.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages now Handing ouc that were made by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them, and give and execute an other Mortgage or other Mortgages instead and in lieu thereof respectively, in Manner and transferable as herein-before is mentioned.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and all other Person or Persons liable to the amending

357

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

or maintaining of any Part or Parts of the Paid Roads, or any Bridge, Cause-way, Drain, Arch, or Sewer therein, shall still remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof, in such Manner as they were before the passing of this Act} and that all and every Person and Persons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work, or are chargeable or liable to or towards the repairing or amending of any Highways in the several Parishes, Townships,

Hamlets, Dillridls, or Places, through which the said Roads shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of the fame Roads, and to perform their respective Works thereon, in such and the like Manner, in every Respect, as they are liable to the Repair of any other common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place respectively; and the respective Surveyors of the Highways for the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, wherein any Part of the said Roads doth lie, shall.

Twice in every Year, within Eight Days afterDemand made to them respectively inWriting by any Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, deliver to such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors an exact Account in Writing under their Hands of the Christian and Surname of every Person who, within their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places, are liable to do Statute Work, and shall distinguish in such Lift what Statute Work each of the said Persons is liable to do and perform $ and the Statute Work shall be done by all such Persons on such Parts of the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired, amended, and made, as are within the said respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Dik tridls, and Places, in such Manner and at such Times as any Two Justices of the Peace of any of the said Counties of Chester, Lane after, or York, shall, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees or any Two or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, shall direct; and the said Surveyors of the Highways of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places respectively, within Ten Days after Notice shall be given to him, her, or them, by such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors of the Time or Times, when and how many of such Persons are to do such Work upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads, shall give Notice thereof to such Persons; and the said Surveyors of the Highways for Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places respectively as aforesaid, shall also pay to such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, on Demand, such Part of the Compofuion Money for the Repair of the Highways Within such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Dillridls, and Places repeflively, as any Two or more of such Justices of the Peace at any Special Session to be holden for the Division or Hundred, Divisions or Hundreds, where such Part or Parts of the said Roads respectively shall lie,

shall adjudge and determine as next herein-after is mentioned; and if any Surveyor, for any such Parish, Township, Hamlet, Dillridt, or Place aforesaid, shall neglect to do as he or she is hereby required, every such Surveyor shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lei's than Forty Shillings; and every Person who shall neglect orrefufeto do such Work at such Times and Places, and in such Manner, as shall be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, pursuant to the Adjudication and Determination of the said Justices, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the respective Sums hereiir-after mentioned (that is to say); every Person who shall keep a Team, Draught, or Penalty on Plough, or by virtue of any Act of Parliament shall be deemed to keep a sutu' Team, Draught, or Plough, for every Day’s Default of such Team, Duty, Draught, or Plough, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings; and every 4 X \ 6 other

358 44-° GEORGII - III. Cap.*4.

other Inhabitant or Person not keeping, or not being by Law deemed to keep a Team, Draught, or Plough, for every Day’s Default ar>y Sum not exceeding Two Shillings j and evyry Person who shall, according to such Notice as aforesaid, come as a Labourer, or with any Team, Draught, or Plough, to work on the said Roads, and shall be found negligent or idle by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyor*, where the Work is to be done, such Surveyor or Surveyors may and is and are hereby required to discharge such Person, and it shall be deemed as if such Perton, or such Team, Draught, or Plough, had not come or been sent to do such Work; and every such Labourer or Person, or the Owner of such Team, Draught, or Plough, shall be liable to the respective Forfeit* lires before mentioned.

juiv.cfs to1 de- ' LXVIII. And, for preventing Disputes touching what Part of the Com-tuteWork! position Money or Statute Work in any such Township, Parish, or Place, ought to be paid for the Use. of or done on the said Roads, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace, at any such Special Session to be holden for the Division or Hundred, Divisions or Hundreds, where such Part or Parts of the said Roads tefpedfively shall lie, upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, to adjudge and determine the Part or Proportion of the Composition Money to be paid for the Use of, or the Statute Work to be done on, the said Roads, which each and every of the Townships, Parishes, and Places, aforesaid, is liable by Law to pay or to do.

LXIX. ^Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or-more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or Otherwile with the Poffdfors, Occupiers, Grantees, Feoffees, and Committees, of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which are or shall be liable to or charged with the Repair of any Part of the said Roads within their respective Distridb, or of any Bridge, Archer Sewer, or with any Person or Persons, for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, as aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places, first had ?t ?.ny Vestry or other Publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by foph Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads; and all such Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Money so by them paid, in such Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by Law to be reimbursed the Monies expended in buying Materials for the Repair of the Highways.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for the altering, widening, repairing, or making the said Roads or any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile and Direction Stones or Polls thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, shall think proper j

Trustees may contract for Repairs.

Trustees may compound for Statute Work.

359

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by their Clerk, Treasurer, Surveyor, or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Costs recovered against: the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be requisite for making or repairing the said Roads, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Parcy or Person or Persons so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or.Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this Act, under cured indem-the Authority or by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or nified. more of them, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, allow and pay unto the Prosecutor, or such Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced and prosecuted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person or Persons shall be really and bond fide out of Pocket for or by reason of such Action or Prosecution, of any Judgement or Determination therein; and likewise indemnify all such Persons as shall be prosecuted or have any Action or Actions brought against them for or by reason of any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies and other Effects which the said Trustees, or any of them, or any Treasurer or other Person on their Behalf, are or is possessed of or entitled to by virtue of the said former Acts, shall be by the said Trustees applied for the Purposes of this Act , and that, out of the Money arising or to arise by virtue of the said former Acts or this present Act, the Espences of procuring and passing this Act shall he first paid and discharged; and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in amending, widening, altering, turning, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, and in paying the Principal and Imertft of all Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which may hereafeer become due and owing on the Credit of this Act, and in defraying the Expences attending the Execution of thi's Ad, and to no ocher Uie or Purpose whatsoever.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Ac- Trustees m*y tion or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Penalty or Penalties contained in this

j6o

Di It refs not deemed unlawful (or Want of Form.

Plaintiffs not to recover if Tender of Amends made.

Allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

this Act, Or for Breach or Nonperformance of any Contraft or Contrifts entered into, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to compound and agree with the fame for such Sum or Sums as they shall think propsr, instead of receiving the Whole of such Penalty or Penalties; and such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may also mitigate* compound, or lessen any other the Forfeitures incurred under this Act; but the Sums compounded or agreed for shall not be less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contraft, and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Penalty, or Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassfers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall hereafter be done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in any Action on the Cafe: Provided always, that no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trtfpafs, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, may at any Time before Issue 1 joined, pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Method of Relief hath been herein-before appointed, such Person and Persons shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the said Counties of Chester, Lancaster, or York, as the Case may happen, within Three Calendar Months next after any Order or Determination of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, such Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at the lead in Writing, of their, or his, or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Six Days next after such Notice given, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Counties of Chester, Lancaster, or York, as the Case may happen, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions j and the said Justices at such Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of the Notice having been given, and of the entering into Recognizance in Manner herein-before mentioned, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award such Costs to the Parties appealing

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

ing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of the said Justices at such Sessions or Adjournment shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Fire or more of them, shall cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Pods to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Roads, at the Diltance of One Mile from each other, denoting such Distance, and the Distances of every Stone or Puft from any Town or Place j and also such and so many Direction Polls, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet , and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any such Polls or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon, or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage, or any Wheelbarrow thereon, or Jh ell cause any Damage to be done to such Footway j or if any Person fha. hale or draw, or cause to be ha'ed or drawn. Upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof respectively; or shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Mattel* or Thing upon any Part of the said Roads to be made into Manure, or shall lcrape off the fame any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thine, which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, with an Iron Rake or other Instrument with (harp Points, or shall pull or force up any Stones or other Part of the Pavement of the said Roadc, whereby the said Roads, or any of them, shall be damaged, or shall lay down any Timber, Hay. Straw, Dung, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Roads, dr any Part thereof, or shall otherwise obstruct or impede the Passage upon the said Roads, or shall turn out any Horl'es, Mares, Cows, or other Cattle or Swine, upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or in the Ditches adjoining the fame, dvery Person so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein directed with ftfptft to other Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice of the Peace, touching any Matter of Fact contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, either oh the Parc of the Prosecutor or the Person or Persons accused, or if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Counties of Chestert Lancaster, or York, or any Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Act, either upon the Part of the Appellant or Rel'pondent, and any such Person or Persons shall respectively refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, withouc a reasonable Excuse for his, her,or their Refusal or Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, or at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, then and in [I«r. & PerJ 4 2—2 eithef

Mile Stones to be let up.

For eompcl-ing Wit-neiTe* to at* tend.

For securing transient Offeudeu.

Penaltiei how to be levied

and applied.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

either of the said Cases every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXVIII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act, by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act in Execution, be it therefore enactrd, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Pe.-lon or Persons as he or they shill call to his or their Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place, and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons lb offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Session, to be holden within and for the County or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed, if the Manner of levying and Recovery thereof is not herein otherwise directed, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace' of the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or any One Justice of the Peace of the County or Place wherein the Offender shall tefide, either by Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more Wic-ness or Witnesses (which Oath such justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or RewardJ shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes; and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, shall be, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, from Time Time paid, Half to the Informer, and Half to any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Clerks, and applied in the Repair of the said Roads; and in case sufficient Distress shall not bs found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is

hereby

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 24. 3^3

hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under His Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place wherein the Offender shall reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all Forms and Proceedings Forms of CxprtiTed and set forth in the Schedule annexed to the said Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An d"ie ef Ail to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the general to

Laws now in being jor regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, may be used on all Occasions relative to the several Matters contained in this Act, or the Offences against the fame; with such Additions and Variations only as may be necessary to adapt them respectively to the particular Exigencies of the Cafe, and making use of the Title of this Act instead of the Title to the said recited General Act; and that no Proceeding of the said Trustees, or of any justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them respectively, touching or concerning, or in Execution of any Power or Authority verted in such Trustees, or Justice or Justices respectively by this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Sessions at Chester, or Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, or any other Court of Record in that Part of the United Kingdom called England any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of ° '10

this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing be given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfafton or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fjft committed; and every such Action shall be laid in the County of Chester,

[Treble Costs.]

Lancaster, or York, as the Case may be, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, shall and may plead, at his Election specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act, or the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act, and if the lame shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suie shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall be thereof given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought elsewhere than in the said Counties of Chester, Lancaster, or York, as the Cale may happen, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such

Remedy

3^4

Publick A6K

Commencement ami

Continuance of this Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. t4.

Remedy for the lame as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Noticfe of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without spe«

dally pleading the same.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence

upon the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four* and shall have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty.one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804*

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* *o*

Cap. 25.

An Act for the better amending and repairing the Road leading from a certain Stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Newport in the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and J G- J* widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon in the County ^Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford: And whereas by One other Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for con- *JG' 3* tinuing and amending an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford; certain Tolls were made payable, and certain Powers and Authorities given to the Trustees therein named for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the Three several Districts of Roads [Lee. & Per.J 5 A thereto

370

Former Act for making the new Road, eir. repealed.

Trustees of the present Act appointed.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

therein mentioned: And whereas the Trustees for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Newport in the County of Salop, from a certain Part of the said Road between Bridgford and Newport, at or near a Place called V/eston Wood, either over Wood's Eves Common, or through High Offley, and through the Town of Eccleshall to the present Turnpike Road at Tittenfor, near Trent bars in the said County of Stafford; and from Newport through Donnington to The Buck’s Head at Watling Street near Wellington in the County of Salop-, and the Road branching from the said Road, through Newport to Donnington, from the Sign of The Harp, through Brockton and Edgmond, and from thence to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road at Chetwynd in the County of Salop, being the Second District of Roads in the said recited Acts mentioned, have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers given to them by the said recited Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, and arising within the said Second District of Roads; which Sums (till remain due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and it would tend greatly to facilitate the Purposes of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, if such Part thereof were repealed, and further and better Provision made for those Purposes: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts as relates to the repairing and widening of the Road leading from the Stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellen-hall, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Newport in the! County of Salop, from a certain Part of the said Road between Bridg-ford and Newport, at or near a Place called Weffon Wood, either over Wood's Eves Common, or through High Offer, and through the Town of Eccleshall io the present Turnpike Road at Tittenfor, near Trentham in the said County of Stafford; and from Newport through Donnington to The Buck’s Head at Watling Street, near Wellington in the County of Salop-, and the Road branching from the said Road, through Newport to Donnington, from the Sign of The Harp, through BroElon and Edgmond, and from thence to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road at Chetwynd in the County of Salop, being the Second District of Roads mentioned in the said recited Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts contained, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Lord

Granville Lciefon Gower, the Honourable James Cornwallis, Sir Thomas Fletcher Baronet, Ralph Affon, Richard Ash, Borrow, John Bijhton, John Bijhton Junior, William Roger Bijhton, George Bijhton, Henry Bijhton,

37i

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

John Buckley, Benjamin Ballard, John Bridgen, Joseph Boycott, John Cotes, Vernon Cotton, ysAw Cotton, John Catlow Clerk, Ja/j/j Cotton, 'Thomas Jukes Collier, Joseph Dickenson, Edward Scott Dickenson Clerk, Edward Dickenson, John Horatio Dickenson Clerk, Thomas Derrington, William Herrington, John Duncalf, John Fenton Fletcher, John Freeman, Stephen Hartley Clerk, William Haw es, Richard Higgins, James Hatherton, John Kite, Ralph Leeke, Thomas Leeke, Matthew Mounford, Arthur Mountford, Richard Mafefield, William Old, John Dry den Pigott Clerk, Powell

Clerk, William Phillips, John Penfon, Thomas Penfon, William Penfon, John Steedman, Joseph Shift, Ambrose Tihbatts, John Thomas, Richard Taylor, John Tunniclijj’ John Tunnicliff, Anthony Titley, John Chapel Woodhouse Clerk, and Peter Whitmore, together with the surviving Trustees nominated or appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from a certain Stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall, in the Road leading from Bridgford through Sutton in the County of Stafford, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road near Newport in the County of Salop, from a certain Part of the said Road between Bridgford and Newport, at or near a Place called Weflon Wood, over Wood’s Eves Common, and through the Town of Eccleshall, to the further or North-ealt Side of Cotes Heath in the County of Stafford, and from Newport aforesaid, through Donnington, to a House formerly called The Buck's Head, at Watling Street, near Wellington in the said County of Salop, and the Roads branching from the said Road through Newport to Donnington, from a House formerly known by the Sign of The Harp, through Broclon and Edgmond, and from thence to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road at Chetwynd in the said County of Salop, and for otherwise carrying this present Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trullees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Trustees present at every such Meeting not being less than Five, and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effect, as if the fame were made or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted).

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Bif-ability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and maybe lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of each Trullee so dying, or refusing, or being incapable of acting; and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall be ligned by the Clerk to the said

Trustees

No Aft valid unless at a Meeting.

Majority

present may-act, the whole Number not being less than five.

Election of new ’IrutUcs.

372

Qualification or Trustees,

Act? of Tiuf-tees not qualified, if done before Conviction, valid.

Victuallers, etc. incapable of acting, etc.

Trustees may

act at Justices, except where personally interested.

44.° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Trustees for the Time being, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at lead Ten Days before fuel) Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid shall be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Manner as the Trustee in whole Room or Stead he shall have been so elected.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds; or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Lands of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, ffie, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, ffie, or they, do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees, as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally io'erected.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at

The Lien Inn in the Town of Newport in the County of Salop, on the Monday Thtee Weeks after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven in the Forenoon and One in the Afternoon, and proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to/ be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there or at any other Place near to the said Roads, as to the said Trustees shall seem convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of TrUftees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day, within Fourteen Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at lead Ten Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the said Trustees shall, at their several Meetings, defray their own Expences; and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if, after any Adjournment of any Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or "Times be thought necessary that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to hitn or Iefc at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding, made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at least Ten Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three-fourths of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book

[.Lee. ia Per.] 5 B or

373

First Meeting of the Trustee t»

Trustees to defray their own Expences.

Meetings on Emergencies,

No Order to he revoked, unless at a Mteiing for the Purpose, nor unless a M^i »nty of f lie Trustees p eh-nt eon* cur.

Proceedings to uc entered.

37+

Entries of Proceedings under former AOs, good Evidence.

Trustees to appoint Officers }

and remove them i

and allow them Salaries.

Trustees to take Security from the Treasurer.

Officers to account.

Treasurer to account yearly, on Oath.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

or Books, being signed by the Clerk then present, shall be deemed Oru ginals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall, at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees, be open and liable to the Inflection of all and every of the said Trustees, a. d of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Credi ors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One hundred Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Book or Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings relating or in anywise appertaining to the said Second District of Roads, of any of the Trustees or other Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Acts, made in the Third and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to the Directions of, and made Evidence by, the said recited Acts, or either of them,) shall be, and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to Time remove such Officers and Persons reflectively, as they the said Trustees shall fee Occasion, and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances, to the said Officers and other Persons, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said rustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper , and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and dilburled, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the First Monday in the Month of June yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following, (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees,) lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, puffed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify

their

375

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to pro* duce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the lame, within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the lad or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Officer so refusing or wilfully neglecting, shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authoriz d and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way} and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Piace, where such Offender shall be or relide, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Compofuion, in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Composition the said Trustees ate hereby empowered to make and receive,) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treasurer and Treasurers, Clerk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and Persons appointed by virtue of, or acting, or who have acted in Execution of the said recited Acts, or either of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power, any Monies collected by virtue of, or any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts,

Oflieersadling under cne Acts repealed, to account to the Trusteea under this Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

AStS, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, shall, when thereunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, and all the Books, Papers, and Writings, relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or disbursed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto; and every such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Person so accounting, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify all their said Accounts; and if any such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall refuse, or wilfully neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforesaid all Books, Papers, and Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees in respect of the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so retufing or neglecting, shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting, to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been col-ledted or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, shall be due from such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such justice that such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, {frail have refuled or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and

377

44° GEORGII III; Cap. 2§»

in every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Main-prize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive,) and until he shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof, to the said Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Trustees hereby appointed, upon the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, of any Collector of the Tolls hereby granted, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint some other fit Person in his or her Place, until the next Meeting of the Trustees of the said Road, which Person so to be nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person in whose Room or Stead he or she shall be so appointed , and that if any Collector of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his or her Office by the said Trustees, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he or she enjoyed in Right of his or her Appointment to that Office, within Two Days after Notice given to him or her. Or left at such Toll House, in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Four Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid, shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll House, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such Toll House shall Hand or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the new-appointed Collector in Possession thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to continue the several Turnpikes already erected on the said Roads, and (in case they shall think proper) to cause to be ereffed such and so many other Turnpikes to secure the Tolls hereby granted, upon or across the said Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near, unto, or across any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, and to continue the present Toll Houses, and to erect or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Houses as they shall think proper, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered in Manner herein directed, for the purchasing or taking Land for the turning or widening of the said Roads, purchase and; \_Lcc. fcf /Vr.J 5 C take

On the Death

cf a Gatekeeper, Two Truces may nominate another until the next Meeting.

If discharged Gatekeeper refuses to deliver up Toll House, etc.

any JuiHce may cause him to he put out.

Trustees empowered to erect Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and receive Tolls.

37

Tolls.

Toll3 vested in the Trul-tees.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

take Land sufficient for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken at the said Turnpikes the Tolls following, before any Ilorle, or other Bead or Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Ox, Steer, or Bull, drawing singly, and not in Pairs or abreast, any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Ox, Steer, or Bull, drawing in Pairs or abreast, any Carriage, of whatever Description, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Afs drawing any Carriage, of whatever Name or Description, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or Iefs Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Roads; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the l'everal Persons, who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the Tolls hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Colledloi' to seize and distrain, or cause to be seized and distrained, any Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, or their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Collector so seizing and distraining shall and may fell or cause to be sold the Horse or Horses, Bealls or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Saddles, Harness, or Accoutrements so seized and distrained, or any Part thereof, at or near the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.. 379

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall in case of happen about the Quantity of the Tolls due, or the Charges of didrain- cerm^Totl* ing, keeping, and felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and and Charges, for the Collector or Person so distraining, to detain the Distress, or the ^fhUeTb*0 Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, or a juiucc. the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, as the Case

may be, shall be ascertained by some justice of the Peace for the County,

City, or Place, wherein such Dispute shall happen to arise, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quantity of Tolls due, and shall also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof* or of any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Turnpikes, Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or Tiufkee either of them, on the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned,

and of all the Turnpikes and loll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively, and of all Mile Stones and Ports erected and to be erected, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements, which are or shall be provided for making and repairing the said Roads, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, in the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, or of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees hereby appointed, and they are hereby empowered to cause any Action to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred, against any Person or Persons who shall (teal, break down, take away, injure, or spoil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile Stones, Polls, or any such Materials, Tools or Implements, as aforesaid.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein com Tolls to be tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Col- onceaDay ledtor of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in between Tit any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at ^iEctlefiiu, Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, parting and repassing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike on such Part of the said Roads, as is situate between The Buck's Head at Watling Street near Wellington, in the said County of Salop, and Eccleshall in the said County of Stafford, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll hath been paid in that Day for or in respect thereof respectively on such Part of the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver, gratis, on the Payment of such Toll.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Tolls to bs tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than One Toll in any One within the* Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to County of Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse or other Beast or Cattle, parting

and

380

Collectors of Tolls to be competent Witnesses.

Penalty on evading the Tolls,

General Exemptions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

and repafTing through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike on such Part of the said Roads as is situate between Eccleshall, and the further or North-east Side of Cotes Heath in the said County of Stafford, all and every such Person and Persons producing a Ticket, denoting that the said Toll hath been paid in that Day, for or in respect thereof respectively on such Part of the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver, gratis, on the Payment of such Toll.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

XXIII. And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give; offer, or dispose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Roads near unto any Turnpike erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Horse, or other Bead: or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, through or over any Way or Passage, (not being a publick Way or Passage,) or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Bead from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, or Wool not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, Lime, or Manures employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management

381

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on any Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated \ or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die, and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafles, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Stafford or Salop, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons thall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Three Calendar Months Notice shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, from Time to Time, to lessen or reduce all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls granted by this Act, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall l'eem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think prop.r; and afterwards, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force and Effect with respect to Overweights: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, and of this Act, or of any of them, shall not have been paid and discharge.l, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said [It*, fc? Per.] 5 D Second

Tiuffees rray reduce the Tolls, &c. with the Con* Tent of the Creditors j

and afterwards ad-vai ce them again.

382

Tolls may Ui.

LeflVes, or Persons appointed by t hem, may collect the Tolls.

OH Securities to be good.

Trustees may borrow Money.

A4° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Second District of Roads therein mentioned, and of this Act, or of any of them.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, upon Thirty Days Notice being affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be Handing on the said Roads, to let or farm the Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame; provided that the Leases, Contrafts, or Agreements, of or for the fame, be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by any 1 hree or more of the said '1 rustees; but the same shall not be let for more than Two Years at any One Time; and the Rent, which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so as that One Month’s Payment of such Rent shall always be in advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in Default thereof every such I.ease, Contraft, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm so any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the I.eflee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said T. uftees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Letfee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the hke Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Collector of the said Tolls, appointed by the said Trustees, is subject or liable to.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Bonds, Mortgages, Assignments, Grants, Conveyances, Leases, and other Securities, made or granted to or by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, cr any others whomsoever, acting by or under the Authority of the said ^.fts, or either of them, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, shall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, for and during the Continuance of this Act, as if such Part of the said recited Acts as relates to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned had not been repealed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. And, for the more speedy raising such further Money as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, Thau it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to assign over.or

mortgage

383

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected or to be erected on the said Roads, (the Charges of such Assignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls,) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with thelnterefl for the lame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ dY virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [ set forth the

1 Title'of this we whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals

‘ affixed, (being I'rulteeS'acting in Execution of the said Act,) in Consideration of the Sum to the Treasurer of the said

‘ Roads, in Hand paid by A. B., do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and ‘ demise, unto the said A.B. Executors, Adminiflra-

‘ tors, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the ‘ fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear

‘ to the whole Sum charged and advanced, or to be charged or advanced,

on the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this

‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

1 with lnrereft after the Rate of per

1 Centum per Annum shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under ‘ our Hands and Seals, this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perilled and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, and the Mortgages or Assignments which were made in the Manner and Form prescribed by the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments respectively have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all tlseir Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by ‘ virtue of a Mortgage or Alignment, bearing Date the

Day of under the Hands and Seals of

of

Form of Mortgage.

Copies of Mortgages 10 be entered.

Trttnsfer of M01 Images.

Form of Transfer.

3§4

I

Notice of Transfers to be giren to the Cltrk in Three calendar Months.

Trustee* to give Twenty-one Days Notice previously to borro *ing Money.

Trustees may tuin or alter the Cotirfe of any Pait of Roads, and may contract for the Purchase cf Lands for that Purpose.

I

44° GEORGII lit. Cap. 25.

‘ of the Trustees acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

\_/et forth the Title of this Act]. or made in the Third or Twenty-third ‘ Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \_fetforth the

Title of the said recited Acts, as the Case may be'], upon the Credit of

said Act; do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame,

and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon,

‘ unto C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

Dated this Day of in the Year of our Lord

XXX. And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Alignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof-, and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Alignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, (as well such Mortgages or Alignments made by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, as of this present Act,) shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Hous s, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided nevertheless, that before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed, Twenty-one Days Notice at the least shall be given of the Intention of borrowing such Money, by affixing the fame on all and every the Turnpike Gates erected on the said Roads.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Roads comprized in this Act; and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree' with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments,

j

1

I

if

1k

I*

u

1

<i

lb

k

1I1

x

nl

ktii

h

ia

ill

Hi

P

c<

Of

b

it

ft

h

I

i

ft

t

i

1

3»5

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, through such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments} and the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid inro and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think convenient, and shall, by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint, be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Pnr-poses whatsoever, become and be and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and to be Part of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the bed Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said Counties of Stafford or Salop, according to the County in which such Lands or Grounds shall lie, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunaticks, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves; and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purpose aforesaid; and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the cont ary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in purfuar.ee of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary or proper to be purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, or any such Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or other Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at

[Ler. ft? Per.] 5 E the

Corporations, etc. empowered to treaU

In case of Ptifons re* fusing to treat, or not agreeing, a Jury to ietile the Re;om-penec.

386

Verdict of the Jury to be final.

44° GEORGII III: dap. 25.

the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate or Col. Iegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Potfession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by season of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Cate it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said Counties of Stafford or Salop, accord* ing to the Counties in which the Premises in question shall be situate, (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer,) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking or using of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act j and in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury, upon Oath, (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer,) and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use ali other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict, or Inquisition and Judgement, Order or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conelufive, to all Intents and Purposes wh'at-soever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons anywise interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all Intents and Pur-3, poses, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or (in case of Refusal to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to an J for the said Trustees to cause the Premises, in respect whereof such Money shall be assessed, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury, the Lid Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Three or more of them, to the respective Sheriffs of the said Counties of Stafford and Salop, in their respective J urifdiClions, thereby commanding and requiring such respective Sheriffs to impannel, summon,

and

387

4+°G£ORGII III. Gap.lfr

ahd return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear beforfi the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, is and are hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons,- who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said respective Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve: Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges aaaiiifl any of the Jurymen to be summoned in purfuar.ee of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to impose any teasonable Fine or Fines on such respective Sheriffs, or their respective Deputies, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who; being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn or be examined or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course of any Part of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such adjoining Land which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Marnier as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof, at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Trea-fur<r or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit to be sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such old Road shall lie, dating that such Offer has been made by or on

Behalf

Jury may bd-challenged.

Sheriffs, etc. may be fined ‘ for Neglect of Duty.

Ow ner« of

Land used in making a new Road, to have the firit Offer of the old Road,

388 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be, and such Affidavit shall* in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners respectively shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required, to assure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

By whom the

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall thVjury to^ g've *n anc^ deliver a Verdict: or Assessment for more Money than shall by be paid. or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict: or Assessment f >r no more or for less Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise, (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame,) and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid. may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures Trustees to Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, by IhtftTr' reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Truffors, from tees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees AMmce are in Manner aforesaid.

prevented

from treating, XXXVII PfOviJeJ

4+* GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Trustees to take, ule, injure, or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Conf. nt of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Tru(f, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disabihty or Incapacity whatsoever, such MoDey shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Wav, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, of Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or assessing other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Efteft} and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in ii>e mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [Lk. £s* Per.2 5 F purchased.

389

Houses, etc. not to be injured.

Apolicution

of Compensation if amouming to tool.

Application of Couipen ration if Ms

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Application of Coinnen-fation, if less than icL

39°

rhame«\ purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, ard belonging to amt exceeding any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herfiin-before directed or otherwise the same shall be paid, ac the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Three or more of thfe said Trullees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it snafted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, err their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; of in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or arty Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \dcfcriling the m'], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the

In case of not making out Titles j

or if Persons cannot be f und, Pur-dr fe M* ney to be paid into the Hank;

fiiVtf to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition*

3or

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Eftatas, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Pretnifes as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to Tnch Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall where any arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant touching the General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, paid, the or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur- j^ifbe'in0 chafed in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be pur- Possession of chafed with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of ruch Pur-of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under entitled the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to thereto, ac-have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ruch plffeo according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satis- fion, unless, faction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of ,u' the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any The Court Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the reasonable Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to

to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase ii"paid b* the of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Trustees. Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLin. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to For getting and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and to and for all ^p^hcto such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, Hoads, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones,

Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Roads, out of or from any Common or Waste Ground, River or Brook, in any Pirish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in which any i . Part

392 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the faij Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, mav, by Order of the said Trustees, (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees,) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the fame may be had or found, (:uch Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees,) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Differrnce between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, <.r any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away or over, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

Notice to be XL.IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be oVrR 'ers'of lawflll for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under the b,d')'ie!iLand« Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any bt-r re Mate- Materials for repairing such Roads, out of or from any inclosed Lands i',ken.r to 01 Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall and may make such OrJer

therein

*- S 3- *L tf ST S'. A. S ?C ST " ' R S’. S_ _a a SP B S--3LTS..»

393

44° GEORGII III. Cap. i$%

therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away any Gravel or Materials which shall have been dug ot gathered by, or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Waste, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale,) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds*

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint by the Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Roads, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads, (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, of Aventfe to any House,) to be made use of as a publick Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Roads are widening or repairing, and until the fame shah be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travel* lers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respect fively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, thetl and in every such Case the Justices of the Peace, at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Counties of Stafford or Salop, according to the County in which the Land shall lie, next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear* settle, and determine the famej and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XI.VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor ftr Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he orlhey shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees) from Time to Time, to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part, or Parts of the said Roads, by Rails, Steps, Sign Posts, or other Polls, and also by Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running [Lee. Per.} 5 G into.

Penalty on taking away Materials got by Order of the Surveyor.

Surveyor to make Drains,

etc. making

reasonable

SatUfa&on*

In case of Difference, Justices in Sections to determine the same.

Surveyor may remove Annoyances.

A '

ef»io

*!0(9ri

£r.iU r.n.

44#r JG'E'OR-GII III. Cap. 25.

fiflref aUShg, or out of any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, ilrod'tb'mhktS the same as large and; deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the-said Roads* and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or $^te&'gr g4fiaftyipfl« of the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto,' in Cafe' the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoy-am£sj> dr'-Who Ought'to-remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or-to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall Tefu$ of neglect to do so for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in1 Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be rtimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or PeMbns refusing br neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand,- pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Dirt refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again'offend in the like Manner, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Penalty on

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or T?nbe?or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, Stone on the any Tree'or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, other wise than upon a wi<fe<than*'er" Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, upon a wheel which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part carnage. of such Roads to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, and Posts to be erected to denote the Distance of every such Post from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be etefted Guide Posts upon such Parti of the said Roads where the fame ate crofted or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper y and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy,1 obliterate, or deface any of the Stones or Posts erected or to be erected on any Parts of the said Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any of the Slones, or' Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges or Arches on any Parts of the said Roads, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone,

> ». post, o'r Parapet Wall, so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, ..'I.,! ! or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks, shall be so obliterated or defaced. One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the otlfcr Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

For prevent- L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wil-ancew7" or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwiffe damage,

'*-.'* '«_ ? or

Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up.

PenSIfjr 6n damaging Mile Stones.

395

44° GEORGII III'. Cap. 25.

or shall ride on, or drive, or lead any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, over or upon any Foot Path or causeway made or to be made on: the Side or Sides of any Parts of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Ports or Stbnes which may beerested for the Security of the said Foot Paths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any. Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Bead, drawing any Plough upon, any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof.\ or if any Person or Persons shall scrape off any Mudj Soil, or other Matter or Things which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, with any InftTument, so as to damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave.any Waggon, Wain,> Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough*

Harrow, or other-Implement of Husbandry, (without. some reasonable Cause* to be allowed by the Justicetbefore whom the Person so offending shall be summonedlor conveyed, in-order to his Gonviftionj or except with regard to such \Vaggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as- the Tame shall be loading:or unloading, and Handing as near the Side of; the said Roads conveniently may be,) in, upon, ctr on the Sides-of the hid Roads, eithenwith or ^without any Horse or Beast harnessed briyoked 'thereto , or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushis, or any Stonos, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure,

Soil,j Rubbish, oriother Annoyance iwhatsoever, upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance.of any; Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than.Ten Shillings,.or more than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall gB. to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

vi' i tJUijC ..i 1 {? .

hL And whereas' Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be Power to transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers ^.‘tVin under (his Act, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful unknown to and, for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of offences, any Offeree against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

in.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by. Law Persons are nr shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are. Or shall be chargeable gu ^Work towards repairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, r continue widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to tunices to and fqr any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counries of S/affoid and Salop, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby touching* required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Statute Work. Trustees, or by t|ieir Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly, to adjudge anti determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work (hrtl every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what

Proportion

44° GEORGII III. Cap.^S.

Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons,) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Tearns or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Harvest,) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized o» dlreded to be recovered; and each and every Person, who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or1 negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of

397

44° G E ORGII III. Cap. 25.

the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trustees may and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work Work.

to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road, which Com* Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the First Day of June in each or every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for thac Year.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Application Sixpences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this uf Money* Ad, with Interest from the Time of advancing the Money for the fame,

shall, in the first Place, be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received <or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, on the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, or out of the first Monies borrowed, received, or collected, by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts, on the Credit of the Tolls collected on the said Second District of Roads therein mentioned, and to be borrowed on the Credid of this Act, and the Interest: thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by Recovery virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof of1" is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered penalties, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said Counties of Stafford or Salop, where the Offence shall happen (which. Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confeilioti of the Party, or upon the Evidence ol any credible Witness upon. Gath); and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and S.-te shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress, and such Penalties and For* feitures when recovered (if not herein before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it doll and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby autho-tLoc.&Per.] 5 H rized

398 4-4" GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

sized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

'n be LW, And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be ti«1Lnies of brought by the Order of the said Trustees, against any Person or Persons the Treasurer by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the one ofkt'her Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any Trniteeij One of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees, and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the lame shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Colts and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of dthil A&» , hnt

but neither of them to be liable to the Payment of Colts.

Appeal,

Distress not to be unlawful for Want of Form.

LVII. Provided always* and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Counties of Stafford or Salop (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at the least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance, before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and all such Determinations shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same, be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

44° GEORGII III. C&pt 25* 399

JLIX. And be it further enacted, That rto Order, Verdict, Assessment, proceedings Judgement, or other Proceedings, made touching or concerning any of n°*"^or the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any $,nt of Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for ^Qr’b°[ £e* Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by y

any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further tehafted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall re- Plaintiffs not cover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall tice/orafter have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before Tender of such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the AmeB *" Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before' such Action brought} and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in of Aaion5» pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fail committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the Counties of Stafford or Salop, according to the County in which the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action ot Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, ot after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants} and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared , or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases of Law.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, Public* Act» adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commence-take place on the Monday Three Weeks after the passing thereof, and shall ntt *,^nce

be of the Act.

4cftf

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

be In Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty* one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

jac'i *3.'i tsj'Ii j. {wilt bunl ;* 1 vl?/ ;ii v

11/(4! Codlib 10 ,> .'i-jhr-SJ 1

TO !.: ri

ns7*;» scJ Until . rii. tsnUl.-.jH -3(1 id? £>l<?7 I i V13Y3 <li E:i« 113(1 vbSiii?‘A 9Yi.d has . "1

"Slllo 111 1 j2 lo aiitiO m3

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 26.

An Act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of Eccles, in, to, and through the Township of Worsley, to a Place called Moses Gate, in the Township of Farnworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from or near to a certain Bridge over the River Irwell, called Barton Bridge, in the Township of Barton, in the Parish of Eccles, through Winton, and the Township of Worsley, in the said Parish of Eccles, along and including a certain Lane there called Hodge Lane, and also through the several Townships of Little Hitlton and Farnworth, both in the Parish of Dean, to or near to a Place called Moses Gate, in Farnworth aforesaid, and there to join and communicate with the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Bolton; and also the Road leading from the said Road on Haljhaw Moor, in the said Township of Farnworth, through that Township, along and including a certain Lane there called Buckley Lane, and through the said Township of Little Huiton, near to a certain House known by the Name or Sign of The Antelope, at Street Tate, there to join and communicate with the Turnpike Road leading from Manchester aforesaid to Preston, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious for Travellers and Passengers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; but if the lame were properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, it would be of great Benefit to the Neighbourhood, , \_Loc. & Per.3 5 1 and

402

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

and of public Utility; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual an4 Jemporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Trustee*. of the fame. That Richard Ainsworth, William Atkin, Peter Arrowsmith, Robert Haldane Bradshaw, William Rigby Bradshaw, Daniel Birkeft Clerk, "John Burgess, Samuel Burgess, Thomas Bury, ’Jonathan Bretargh, Henry Cooke, John Carrington, John Clowes Clerk, John Crompton, John Crompton the younger, William Crompton, Thomas Crompton, James Chadwick, Jonathan Doming, Matthew Corn Dawes, John Edge, Matthew Fletcher, Ralph Fletcher, Ellis Fletcher, Thomas Fogg, Thomas Farmworth, William Frodsham, John Farnworth, Arnold Farnworth, John Gilbert, John Gregory, Richard Gajkill, Josiah Gatley, James Green, Sir John Edenfor Heathcote Knight, William Hampfon Clerk, Peter Hewit, John Hilton, William Hatton, John Horridge, Matthew Hilton, Jonathan Hulme, Simon Hilton, Thomas Johnson, William Johnson, Richard Jones, John Lancaster, Robert Lanfdall, Peter Lee, Richard Lanfdale, James Leigh, John Livefay, James Milner, Peter I Nightingale, John Ofbaldcston, John Pilkington, Peter Rajbotham, Benjamin Rawson, Peter Rothwell, Thomas Rycroft, Benjamin Sotbern, William Speak-man, Jeffry Smith, Thomas Smith, Igdeliah Seddon, John Trafford, Thomas Trafford, William Trafford, Henry Trafford, Edmund Trafford, John Taylor, Doctor of Physic, Henry Tonge, John Varey, Ckriffopher Walton, Henry Watson, Joseph Tates, John Toung, William Toung, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and for putting this Act in Execution; and the said Road shall for ever be deemed and taken to be a common public Highway for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Appointment

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Trustee of new Tmf- or Trustees hereby appointed or to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall die or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hand$, to elect One or more Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees bj the room or stead of such Trustee or Trustees so deceased or refusing to act; but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon the respective Turnpike Gates then erected upon or across the said Road, and also by inserting the fame in One of the Manchrffer Newspapers, at least Twenty Days before any such Meeting shall be held; and all and every Persons and Person who shall be so elected, are and is hereby vested with the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, as the Persons or Person in whose Places or Place they or he shall be so respectively chosen, were or was vested with.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person hereby appointed or hereafter to be appointed a Trustee as aforesaid, shall be Capable of acting as such in the Execution of this Act (otherwise than in administering an Oath to the Effect following to the other Trustees) unless at the Time of his acting therein he shall have or be seised of in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Possession, En.

joy meat,

Qualification oi JTrudees.

403

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

joyment, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of a Real Estate, in Law or Equity, situate in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprises, or shall be Heir Apparent to a Person seised and in Possession as aforesaid, of such an Estate situate in the said County, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Amount of One thousand Pounds; nor before he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Three or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; (that is to say)

I A.B. do swear, That 1 truly and bond fide am seised of in my own Oath.

‘ Right, [cr, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may beJ and in the ‘ actual Possession, Enjoyment [or, Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of ‘ a real Estate, in Law or Equity, situate in the County Palatine of Lan- casier, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or, am Heir Apparent ‘ of a Person seised of such an Estate, of the clear Yearly Value of One ‘ hundred Pounds, or, possessed of a Personal Estate of the Amount of One thousand Pounds; and that I will faithfully and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, aft in the Execution of the several Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, veiled and reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled \_here insert the Title of this AtS]. 4 So help me GOD.’

Nor shall any Trustee hereby appointed or hereafter to be appointed, be capable of acting as such, during the Time he shall hold or enjoy any Office or Place of Profit under or by virtue of this Act, or have any Share or Interest in any Contraft or Bargain relating to the Execution thereof; nor shall any Trustee hereby appointed or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, aft or interfere in the Direction or Management of the Tolls or Money arising from any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, or in the Execution of any of the Powers herein contained (except during such Time only as he shall reside within Six miles of such respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or shall have such an Estate as aforesaid, situate within Six Miles of the fame, as shall

Jualify him to act as a Trustee for the Purposes of this Act); and if any Penalty for 'erson hereby required to be lo qualified as aforesaid, and not being so ifllot qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act <lualitu:d (except in administering such Oath as aforesaid), or being so qualified, shall act as such Trustee before he hath taken and subscribed the said Oath, or if any such Trustte hereby appointed or hereafter to be appointed, shall presume to act as such during the Time he shall enjoy any such Office or Place of Profit as aforesaid, or have any Share or Interest in any such Contraft or Bargain, or if any such Trustee shall act or interfere in the Direction or Management of the Tolls or Money arising from and to be collected at any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, or in the Execution of any of the Powers herein contained, otherwise than whilst he shall so reside or have such Estate as aforesaid, situate as aforesaid, every such Person so offending in all or any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to and for the Use of such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with, full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt or upon the Cafe, in His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas held for the said County Palatine of Lancaster;

and

404

AA»of Truf-tacs previous to Conviction to be valid.

Mortgagees may act, and Trustees in the Commission of the Peace may a A as Justices.

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Nnroc of their Clerk.

Time and Place of Meetings of Trustees.

'44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

and in every Action so to be brought as aforesaid, the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Person so sued or prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff in any such Action, to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as such Trustee.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That such Acts and Proceedings as shall have been done and performed by any such Persons touching this Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence or Offences before-mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

V. Provided always, That any Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, of any Lenders of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee, and that such Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being; and that no Action which may be brought or commenced against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a public Meeting to be held for that Purpose, but the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to the said Trustees for the Time being, shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he or they shall be put to or become chargeable with, by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants therein.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet between the Hours of Ten and Two of the Clock, on the Third Thursday next after the passing of this Act, or as fcon after as conveniently may be, at the Swan Inn, at Worjley Stocks, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, at which Time and Place the said Trustees shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and to adjourn from Time to Time, and afterwards meet at the same Place, or at any other Place or Places in or near to the said Road, as the said Trustees attending such respective Meetings shall think most convenient, as often as it shall be necessary, for putting this Act in Execution; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a lulhcient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn (Two Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only) or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Clerks to the

Trustees

405

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Trustees shall, by public Notice in Writing, to be affixed on the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road, and also inserted in One of the Manchester Newspapers at lead Fourteen Days before the next Meeting, appoint the said Trustees to meet at the House where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, or at some other convenient House near to the said Road, on that Day Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was appointed to have been held; and in case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Reiufal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Tmftees to meet at some House near to the Tru(lees said Road, upon that Day Three Weeks after the Date of such last-men- pay- tt,e;r dotted Notice; and that the Trustees at their Meetings {had defray their o-n Exown Charges and Expencts. pences.

VIII. Provided always, That no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the said AflsorOr-Trustees shall be deemed to be valid, unless made or had at a Meeting d-rs of Truffle Id in pursuance of this Act (except in Cases herein particularly pro- |("9

vided for) nor shall any Order made at any Meeting of Five or more of made at the said Trustees, be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, un- Meetings, less Notice in Writing, specifying the Revocation or Alteration proposed to be made, be affixed upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected on the said Road, and also inserted in One of the Manchester Newspapers at least Twenty-one Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of the said Trustees present at such Meeting (such Majority to consist of Seven at the least) shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Meetings on the said Trustees, it shall be thought nectflary that an earlier Day Emergen-of Meeting should be appointed than the Day to which such Meeting shall cles'

have been adjourned, in that Cafe the Clerk, upon an Order in Writing signed by any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in the Manner before directed, such Time not being less than Fourteen Days alter such Notice; and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such earlier Meeting shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings of Proceedings the said Trustees shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be °flruft«s kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees for that Purpose, and to eentere finned by the Trustees present at the Meetings or Meeting, at which such

Orders shall be from lime to Time made or Proceedings had, or by the major Part of such Trustees; and that such Book or Books shall be open at all seasonable Times, to and for the Inspection of any of the Trulbes appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, without Fee or Reward; and such Entries being signed by such Number of the said Trustees as are empowered by this Act to make such Orders, or carry <jf Per.2 5 K ou

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

on such Proceedings, shall be deemed Originals, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, and all Entries, in such Book or Books, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the-said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may appoint such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers. Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Collector or Col* ledors, of the Tolls hereby granted, or other Officers respectively, as they shall think proper, and that a Notice or Notices of a Meeting or Meetings to be had or held for that Purpose, and of the Time and Place of such Meeting or Meetings, shall be given Twenty-one Days before the Time of holding the fame, and that such Notice or Notices shall be in Writing, and-signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, and affixed upon the said Turnpikes or Toil Gates; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, at any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, pursuant to the like Notice or Notices to he given in the same Manner, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, from, Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they shall set'Occasion, and appoint new ones in Cases of Death or such Removal; and the said Tolls shall be paid, after the Rates hereinafter mentioned, to such Person or Persons as shall be so appointed to receive the same; and the said Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, and all other Persons who shall be employed in the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, shall, at any General Annual Meeting to be held on the First Day of May in every Tear, unless that Day shall be Sunday, and then on the Day following (which Annual Meeting the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby directed to hold) give unto such Trustees true and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all the Money which shall have been by them respectively collected or received, and how and to what Uses the fame have been paid and applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their Hands to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons, or to such Hies and Purposes, as they, or any Five or more of them, at such General annual Meeting shall direct and appoint; and that all such Officers and other Persons shall verify such Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required to administer); and-if any of the said Officers or other Persons shall not give such Account, or shall refuse to verily the fame in Manner as aforesaid, that then, and in any or either of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for any Two Jufcices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Officer or other Person shall be or reside, and fu h Justices are hereby, empowered and required, upon Complaint made to them by any Two or more of the said Trustees for that Purpose, to make Enquiry concerning such Default in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves, as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices ate hereby empowered and required to administer, without any Fee or Reward); and if such Person shall be thereof convicted, such Justices shall commit the Party to the Common Gaol of such County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 407

true and perfect Account, and verify such Account in Manner aforesaid; and in case any of the said Officers or other Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall reside, to make Enquiry touching such Neg'eft or Refofal in a summary Way, in Manner as aforesaid, and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cause such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to them to be due and unpaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the Oven 1 is (if any) to such Person or Persons on Demand, after the Money remaining due, and the Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found, then the said Justices or any other Justices shall commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of such County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, until he or they shall have paid over such Money in Manner as aforesaid, or compounded for the fame, and paid such Compositi n Money to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, ot^to such Person as they, of any Five or more of them fli 11 appoint to receive the same, which Composition the said Trustees respectively, or any Five or more of therm, assembled at any M eting, are hereby empowered to make: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress for a longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XII. And be it further enacted, That as often ay any Collector of the Power to ap-said Tolls shall die, refuse, or become incapable of performing his Duty, P°’

it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, though not

assembled at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act, by Writing under their Hands to appoint any other Person or Persons to collect such Tolls; and the Person so appointed shall have the fame Authority for the Recovery thereof, as the Person he shall succeed was inverted with, until the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shallj at a Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, appoint a Collector of such Tolls.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising by the C(he&°r'> Tolls colL-sted at the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected by gj^s_a'c virtue of this Act, such Allowance shall be made to the Collector or Col-

leftors of the Tolls at such Turnpikes or Toll-Gates as the Trustees, by whom such Collector shall he nominated and appointed in the Manner herein-before provided, shall think proper and direct;. also such Allowances and Compensations to the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about procuring the said Road to be repaired, widened, or improved, by advancing any Money, or other vile relating thereto, as the 'lrustees, by whom he or they shall be. several I y and respectively nominated and appointed ia.the Manner herein-before provided, shall order and direct.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted,. That the Treasurer Officers to or 'Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, or any other Officer or Officers to be ?’vc "Scl:u* appointed as aforesaid, shall, before he or they enter upon the said Office ntlt5,

or Offi es, give such Security for the due Execution thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of than, as to the said Trustees, or any Five.

408

Power to erect and continue Turnpikes and Toil Cates.

Power to take Tolls.

Tolls.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

or more of them, shall seem meet; which Security the said Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered and required to take, and such Security shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to erect, provide, and continue, or cause to be erected, provided, and continued, the Turnpike or Toll Gates herein-after mentioned, and in the Situations hereinafter described (that is to say); a Turnpike or Toll Gate at or near to a certain Inn or Public House in Winton aforesaid, called The Bait Inn. and so that such Gate be placed and continued on the North Side of a certain Cross Lane leading from the said Road in Whiten aforesaid, to Monton Green, and called Parrin Lane, and Hand between the Communication with such Lane from the said Road and the said Batt Inn; another Turnpike or Toll Gate upon Haifiaw Moor in Farnworth aforesaid, at or near to such Part of the said first-mentioned Road as adjoins to and communicates with the said Road leading to Street Tate aforesaid, and on the Southerly Side of such Communication r and also another Turnpike or Toll Gate on Haljhaiv Moor aforesaid, upon the said Road at or near the Communication thereof with the said first-mentioned Road; and also to erect, provide, and continue, or cause to be erected, provided, and continued, such Toll House or Toll Houses in, upon, or adjoining to the said Road, at such Places respectively where the said Turnpike or Toll Gates are or shall be erected or set up, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, and order and direct the Expences of letting up and erecting of such Turnpikes or Toll Gates, as the Case may happen, and of building and erecting all such Toll Houses and Appurtenances, and of keeping up and supporting the fame, to be borne and paid by and out of the Monies to be raised and collected by and under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, in the Manner herein after mentioned and provided.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected and continued as aforesaid, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame (that is to say):

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Calash, or Hearse, drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum ot Two Shillings and Three Pence; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Nine Pence , and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon or other Four-wheel Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Seven or Eight Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draug'ht, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four, or by fewer than Fo.tr Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon or other Four-wheel Carriage, with the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Five or Six Horses or

Beasts

4.40 GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 409

Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Nine Pence; and drawn by Four, or by fewer than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon or other Four-wheel Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Four Shillings:

For every Cart or other Two-wheel Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Four or by more than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny; and drawn by Three H irl'es or Beasts of Draught the Sum of Ten Pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny i

For every Cart or other Two-wheel Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sutn of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny; and drawn by Three Horse: or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ten Pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Two Hoifes or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny:

For every Cart or other Two-wheel Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Twq Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine Pence; and for every Cart or other Two-wheel Carriage, drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four Pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three Pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or leis Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which respective Sums of Money shall be veded in the said Trustees, and shall be demanded arul taken as and for, or in the Name of a Toll; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, it Hiail he lawful for such Collector or Collectors to levy the same by Didrefs of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or by Didrefs of any of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Didrefs shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after such Didrefs made, such Collector or Collectors may fell the Horses, Cattle, and Goods so didrained, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Toll and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted; and the said Tolls shall be applied in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Turnpikes the Turnpikes cr Toll Gates and Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be a"d I o11 trested or provided in and upon the said Road, and of the Materials for ^Xnutels'1 altering or building the fame, and all Materials and Things which shall be provided, collected, or made use of for repairing the said Road, shall be, and the same are hereby vetted in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five [Lor. isf Per.] 5L or

4io 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, or to prefer and prosecute One or more Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take, carry away, or damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or disturb them in the Possession of the fame, or any Part thereof.

Disputes

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Disputes shall happen "*to concern’ng any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Distress be settled by as aforesaid, it shall be lav'ful for the Person or Persons so diffraining to a Jiiflice. retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, and the Charges of such Distress, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter on Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Toll due, and affels the Charges of such Distress, and of the Collector's Attendance upon such Justice for that Purpose, all which Sums so determined and assessed, shall be paid to the Paid Collector before he shall be obliged to return the Goods so distrained, or the said Overplus, or any Part thereof.

Collector of Tolls deemed competent Witnesses.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute. Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be deemed incompetent to give Evidence therein, by reason of his or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or of His or their acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

Tolls to be

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person paid but once who shall have paid Toll for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate - erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to pay

any Toll for returning through such Turnp^te or Toll Gate the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Alfes, or other Cattle, or with the fame Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, but shall return Toll-free (except such Waggon, Cart, Caravan, Timber Carriage, or other Carriage, which shall pass or repass through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, laden with any Loading of the Weight of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, of Six Score to the Hundred, and shall return the fame-Day also laden with any Loading of the Weight of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, as aforesaid, or any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chaiiot, Calash with Four Wheels, Chaise Marine, Diligence, Chaise with Four Wheels, Caravan, or by what Name soever such Carriage or Carriages now"s or are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall be kept or used by or for any Person or Persons as a public Stage Coach or Stage Coaches or Stage Carriages, employed in carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places) on delivering a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such. respective Turnpike or Toll Gate, denoting the Payment of such Toll: Provided also, that no Person who shall have paid the Toll or Tolls hereby granted or imposed, for the passing of any Cattle or Carriage through either of the Two Turnpikes or Toll Gates herein last-mentioned, and directed to be erected upon Haljhivj Moor aforesaid, shall be liable or subject to the

Payment

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 411

Payment of any Toll or Tolls at the other of the Paid Two last-mentioned Turnpikes or Toll-Cates, but only to the Payment of One Toll for thepaf-and returning of any Cattle or Carriage on the same Day through both of those Turnpikes or Toll Gates, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment at the other of the said respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates:

Provided also, that no Person who Avail have paid the Toll or Tolls hereby granted or imposed, for the paAing of any Cattle or Carriage through the la it 'l'oll Bar or Turnpike to be erected on llaijhaiu Moor aforesaid, on the Road from Worjley aforesaid, to or near Mofcs Gate aforesaid, towards Bolton aforesaid, Avail be liable or subject to the Payment of more than One-half of the respective Tolls, authorized by an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to be taken at Mcfcs Gate aforesaid, or the Turnpike to be erected in lieu thereof, in respect of such Cattle or Carriages, for passing and returning through the fame on the same Day with such Cattle or Carriages, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for every Cart, Half Toll to Waggon, or other Carriage, which Aiall have paised through the Turnpike ^otj<kcn on or Toll Gate firA mentioned, and to be erected at or near Parrin Lane "or aforesaid, laden with and carrying Coals or Coke, and Aiall return empty

on the same Day through the said Turnpike or Toll Gate, and for which the full Toll Avail have been paid on paAing through such Turnpike or Turnpike Gate, and not having been used for other Purposes in the mean,

Time, the Person or Persons who Avail have paid such Toll, upon delivering to the Collector or Collectors of such Toll a Note or Ticket, denoting the Payment of such Toll, Avail be entitled to demand and receive back of and from such Collector or Collectors, One-half of the several Tolls herein-before respectively mentioned and invposed, and so paid by him or them as aforesaid: Provided likewise, that for every Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, which Avail have pacted empty and unladen through that Turnpike or Toil Gate, and returning and repaAing through such Turnpike or Toll Gate on the same Day laden with Coals or Coke, and for which there Avail have been paid the full Tolls respectively on so paAing empty through the fame, and not having been used for any other Purpose in the mean Time, the Collector or Collectors of the Tolls there for the Time being. Avail, and is and are hereby required to return and repay to the Driver or Drivers of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, so returning and laden with Coals or Coke, One-halt of the full Tolls so paid respectively on such Cart, Waggon, or.other Carriage, paAing empty and unladen as aforesaid, upon his, her, or their delivering to the Collector or Collectors, a Note or Picket denoting the Payment of such Toll or Tolls respectively, which respective Notes or P’ickets the respective Collectors of the Tolls at such respective Turnpikes or 'Poll Gates, are hereby required to deliver gratis on the Receipt of the Tolls.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it Avail be lawful for the said power to pp Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any General Meeting to be called fen the Tolls, for that Purpose (whereof, and of the 'Fime and Place of such Meeting,

Notice Avail be given Twenty-one Days before the Time of holding the fame, which Notice Aiall be in Writing, and signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, and aftixed upon the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and mferted in One of the Manchester Newspapers) from Time to Time to lef-

fen

4T3' 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

fen and reduce the respective Tolls by this Act granted and imposed, to any Sum or Sums not less than Two-thirds of their respective Amount herein-before mentioned, and afterwards to raise and augment the fame again, so that they do not exceed the Tolls hereby granted and imposed, and so that every such Reduction be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due on Securities of the said Tolls; and such Tolls so lessened and reduced, or raised and augmented, shall and may be collected and levied in such Matv ner, and applied for such Purposes only, as the Tolls hereby granted and imposed are directed to be collected, levied, and applied.

Allowing XXIII, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall certain Ex- bfr demanded or taken for any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Stone, from Toll Bricks, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or ° fcrr repairing the Highways in any Township through which the fame leads, or in aity of the said adjoining Townships, or laden only with Dung, Lime, or other Manure of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, to be used in manuring or improving of Land, or for- any Cattle or Carriage laden only with Hay or Corn in the Straw, in the Time of Harvelt, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Yards, or other Places belonging to the Own-' ers thereof, or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or going empty and unladen for, or returning empty and unladen after having carried such Stone, Bricks, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing any Part of the said Road, or for repairing the Highways in any Township through which the fame leads, or in any of the adjoining Town-ships, or such Dung, Lime, or other Manure of any Kind or Nature whatsoever, to be used in manuring or improving of Land, or any Hay, Straw, or Coni in the Straw, in the lime of Harvest, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Yards, or other Places belonging to the Inhabitants of the said Townships, or any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, belonging to the said Inhabitants; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Person or Persons residing in any of the said Townships through which the said Road leads, for passing through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates on Sundays, to or from his, her, or their Parish Church or Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship; nor from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his Parochial Church or Chapel on Sundays, or any other Day on which Divine Service shall by Authority be celebrated, or vifiring his sick Parishioners; or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the C.orpfe, or attending the Funeral of any Person who mail die within any of the said Townships through which the lame Rond lends, to be interred in any Place within the said Townships; or for Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Water, or for any Cattle or Carriage belonging to any Inhabitant of any Township wherein any such Turnpikes or Toll Bares shall be erected, which shall only be passing to the Smith’s Shop in order to be Ihoed or farried, or for the Return of any such Cattle or Carriage unladen; or for any Horses or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying Mails of Letters and KxprefTcs under (he Authority of 1 iis Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails and Ex-prell'es, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame; or for the Iiorfts of Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or upon Duty, or for Horses, Cattle, or Carriages attending them, laden only with their Arms and Baggage, or in carrying any. sick, wounded, or disabled Officer or

Soldier j

4*3

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Soldier; or for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, C.alalhes, Chaises,

Chairs, or Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, on the Day or Days of such Fdeftion, or on the Day before or Day after any such Election (half begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions >foresaid, or of any other of the Exemptions from Toll in this Act contained, not being entitled to the fame, every Person so offending, and being fully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Carriages Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, which hath or shall have Wheels of less "r,th Wheels Breadth than Six Inches on the Sole or Bottom thereof, and upon which ^-ea^th than the Tire shall not lie flat, or fit as not to deviate more than Half an Inch six Inches, from the flat Surface, and shall not have the Nails counterfunk so as not to not to be en-rifi- above the Surface, and shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by tltled to E*-an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, com- eiIiption‘ ntonly called The General Turnpike Act, to Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, of the same Kind respectively, and laden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Tolls thereby imposed, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Waggons,

Carts, or other Carriages, to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities as directed for the weighing of Carriages by the said last-mentioned Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to the Horses, &c.

Payment of Toll more than Once in the same Day, for any Horse, Mare, carrying Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden with Milk, Whey, Buttermilk, or Curds, from

or for the Return of any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, with Toll.

the empty Vessels in which such Milk, Whey, Buttermilk, or Curds, shall shall have been conveyed; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall PenaKy on offfr or dispose of any Note or Ticket to any Person or Persons, in order to Personsdif-evade the Payment of the said Tolls, every such Person or Persons so offer- Ti"kcts°to ing-or disposing of such Note or Ticket, and the Person or Persons receiv- eva(je the ing or making use of the fame, shall respectively forfeit any Sum not exceed- Tolls.

ing Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons own- Penalty on ing or occupying any Land or Ground near to any of the said Turnpikes

or Toll Gates, shall permit or fuller any Person or Persons to pass through 0 s'

any Gate, Passage, inclosure, or private Way, with any Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle; or if any Person or Persons shall pass through any such Gate, Paffgge, inclosure, or private Way, with any Cattle or Carriage as aforesaid, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, whereby such Toll shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horle [L«e. C3* Per.~\ 5 M or

4i* 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

or other Cattle from any such Carriage, with an Intent to evade paying any of the said Tolls; or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to the fame Road any Cattle or Carriage, for such Purpose as aforesaid; or shall with such Intent unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, or in any Manner whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby granted, every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not lcfs than Twenty Shillings, nor more than Five Pounds.

Application

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies and other Effects of the Mo- which shall or may be collected or received under the Powers or Au-1ues‘ thorities of this Act, (half be by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of

them, applied in Manner after-mentioned; (that is to say), that out of the Monies to be collected or received by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, the Expences of and attending the procuring and passing of this Act, shall in the first Place be paid, satisfied, and discharged; and that after such Payment thereof, the Remainder of such Monies, and also the Tolls to be 1 collected under the Authority of this Act, at the several and respective

Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and all the Money which shall or may be borrowed on the Credit thereof severally and yespectively shall be applied in paying and discharging the Expences of setting up or erecting such respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and of erecting and providing Toll Houses for the fame respectively, and in paying off and discharging all such Sums of Money as shall hereafter be borrowed under the Authority of this Act, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, and all Interest to grow due thereon, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied; and after full Payment and Satisfaction of all such several Sums before mentioned, then the Remainder of the said Monies or Tolls hereby granted, shall be applied in, for, and on Account of the repairing, widening, and improving the said Road herein-before dticribed, except such Part and Parts of the same as pass along and in the said Turnpike Road from Manchester aforesaid to Preston aforesaid.

Trntlees not

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Truf-tobe liable to tees shall not, nor shall any of them, by reason of being such Trustees, be Road from any Manner liable to repair, widen, or improve, any Part or Parts of Manchester to of the said Road which passes or pass along along and in the last-mentioned

Prejloi

Trustees not liable to repair Bridges over the Duke of firidgewa-t$r7i Canals.

Turnpike Road from Manchester aforesaid to Prejion aforesaid, or any Part thereof; nor shall any Part of the Monies and Effects to be collected under and by virtue of this Act, be in any Manner applicable to, or applied in and on Account of the repairing, widening, and improving thereof; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower, or be deemed or.construed to authorize or empower the said Trustees, or any of them, in any Manner whatever to widen or alter, or to cause to be widened or altered, any Bridge or Bridges whatever over or across any Canal or Navigation belonging to his Grace the late Duke of Bridgewater, or his Heirs or Assigns, without the Consent in Writing of the Superintendant thereof for the Time being; any Thing in this Act, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof hi any-Viffe notwithstanding.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That after such Parts of the said Roads as lie and pass in, through, and over certain Land formerly being and called Walkden Moor and Chatmofs, shall be made and completed by the said Trustees, the same shall be maintained and kept in Repair by the respective Townships in which the fame lie; and it shall be sufficient in any Indictment against any Towaship or Townships, Person or Persons, for not repairing the fame respectively, to date and set forth generally, that the Inhabitants of such Township or Townships Person or Persons, ought to repair, maintain, and keep in Repair, the said Highway, by virtue of the Statute in that Cafe made and provided, without further setting forth the Nature of such Obligation or Duty, either by immemorial Usage or otherwise.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any One Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places, in or through which the said Road leads, for the passing of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, through all or any of such Turnpikes or Toll Gates as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road, and to be inserted in One of the Manchc/ier Newspapei s in Manner aforesaid, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals respectively, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part thereof, and also the said respective Toll Houses, and Appurtenances (the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continu; ance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the Re-payment thereof, with Interest as the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall think proper; which Money so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls hereby granted, are herein directed to be applied and disposed of; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, or Assignments may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the said Trustees making the same shall think proper:

‘ virtue and in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year ‘ of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Ahl

[here insert the Title of this A£l\ and in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ to A.B. the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, having been this Day paid by C.D. of

‘ We, whose Hands and Seals are hereunto subscribed and set, being

‘ of the Trustees for executing the said Act, do hereby grant and

‘ assign unto the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the ‘ Tolls arising or to arise by virtue of the said Act, at or from the Turn-‘ pike or Toll Gate at and also the Toll House erected at

‘ aforesaid, to have, hold, receive, and take the said Tolls,

Toll House, and Pretnifes, with the Appurtenances, unto the said C. D.

‘ his.

4T5

Certain Roads, after they are made, to be maintained by the Town-ships.

Power to compound for Tolls, Sec.

Power to mortgage the Tolls.

Form of Mortgage.

416

Form of Transfer.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

6 his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Residue and Remain--

der now to come of the Term for which the said Tolls are granted by the said Act [subject to a Mortgage for securing the Sum of

to as the Case may bej and also subject to the Proviso

following, that is to say; provided always, that if the said Sum of

shall be repaid to the said C.D. his Executors, Administra.

‘ tors, or Assigns, together with intered for the fame after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, without any Deduc tion whatsoever,

c on or before the Day of next, then this Alignment

‘ shall be void, or else shall remain in full Force. In Wnness whereof we

have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord One thousand tight hundred and

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to-be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees j but no Money shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls at any Meeting subsequent to the fed; Meeting, unless Notice in Writing, expref-sing the Purpose of such subsequent Meeting, be previously affixed upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road, at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Intered, or Benefit, to the said Mortgage, and the Principal Money and Intered thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or by any other Writing or Writings, before One credible Witness, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; (videlicet)

‘ J Do transfer the within Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage, &c. as tht ‘ Case may be~\ with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money ‘ thereby secured, and to all Intered now due upon the fame, unto

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

Day of

‘ A. b:

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid such Sums as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quotiss; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the* Tolls by this Act granted in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference with respect to the Priority of any Monies advanced.

Povrerto turn and alter ik P-rt ul the Road.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Majority of the Trustees present at any Meeting of any Nine or more Trustees at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to widen, turn, or alter, the Course

or

4i7

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

or Path of any Part or Parts of the Road to be made, repaired, and kept in Repair, by virtue of this Act, for the Accommodation of Passengers through any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, under such Terms and Satisfaction as are hereinafter mentioned, and also through any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making Satisfaction for such Commons or Waste Grounds; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon any private Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, through which or whereupon the said Road hereby authorized to be made, widened, turned, or altered, is intended to pass, and to Rake out and make the fame in such Manner as the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, shall think necessary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment, for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such last-mentioned Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments respectively, for any the Purposes of this Act, first making and tendering Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall at any Meeting or Meetings to be convened under the Authority of this Act, signify by an Order in Writing under their Hands, their Intention or Desire of diverting, turning, or altering, any Part or Parts of the said Road, then that Thirty Days Notice at lea ft shall be previously given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected in or upon the said Road, and also by inferring the fame in One of the Manchester Newspapers, of the Time, Place, and Purpose of the said Meeting.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to con-traS with the Owners of and Persons interestc-d in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may fultain by making, diverting, turning, or altering, the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Piirchafe thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owner or Persons may sustain by making, diverting, turning, or altering, the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and to pay for the fame by and out of the Tolls and other Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregrate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors and Administrators, Guardians or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trulls, and all other Persons whomsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding;

[Loc b* Per.] 5 N and

Thirty D?ys Notice to be given of diverting Roads.

Trustees may purchase, and incapacitated Persons fell Lands and other Hereditaments wanted for the Purposes of this

Aa.

4i B

If Parties do not agree, or the Owner cannot make a Title, the Value of the PremiseS to be settled by a Jury.

44 GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

and that all Persons shall be and are indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this A£L

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or last Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, intended to be taken in and added to the said Road, and through which the same shall be intended to be made, diverted, turned, or altered, as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause it to be inquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the respective County in which such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall be (which Oaths any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required to administer) what Damages shall be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person as aforesaid, for or on Account of the making, diverting, turning, or altering, such Road through such Lands or Grounds j and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to summon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, and such Trustees shall order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be assessed by the said Jury for such Damages as aforesaid, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which Verdict or Inquisition, arid Judgment, Order, and Determination, shall be binding and final to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well abl'ent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue out a Warrant or Warrants for the Sheriff of such of the said Counties in which such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall be, thereby commanding him to impannel, summon, and return, an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff', or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Per-

419

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

fons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, aiding in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or refuse to be examined and give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine or Fines in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are hereinafter directed to be levied and disposed of, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby charged upon the respective Tolls by this Act appropriated for the repairing the said Road, or on the Monies to be borrowed upon the Credit of such respective Tolls, and shall be paid thereout accordingly to the Persons entitled respectively thereto, or to their Agents; and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons or their Agents, and in case of Refusal to take and accept of the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Persons; and after One Calendar Month’s Notice thereof given to such Persons or their Agents to receive such Money, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into Possession of, and to lay such Land or Ground into the said Road, and to do all and every such Ad, Matter, and Thing, with relation to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so taken into or made Part of the said Road, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be to all Intents and Purposes, a public and common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Road hereby appointed to be made, repaired, and widened, are by this or any other Law to be repaired; and after any such new Road shall be completed, the Lands and Grounds constituting the former Road, unless leading over some Common or Waste or to some Town or Place to which such new Road shall not lead, shall be veiled in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the befl Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale, shall be applied

1 in

Juries may be challenged, and Sheriffs lined for Default.

Money allowed for Lands, how to be charged and tendered.

420

How the Expences of the Jury shall be paid.

In case of not making out Title.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 2b.

in such Manner as the Tolls hereby appropriated to the Repair of the Road so to be sold as aforesaid, are directed to be applied; and all Deeds of Conveyances executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Lands lie, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence for the Rights, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and returning the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Differences, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or mere of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and returning the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which laid Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the respective County or Place, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assess'ed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the C.lerktothesaid Trustees,inandby such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XI.I. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good "iitle to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in cale such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Grounds, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the

Parties

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, Grounds or Hereditaments [describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, or Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payments of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interests, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just, and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the hank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as herein-mentioned, such Money shall, in Case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Ordet made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the lame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (lauding settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the Like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean lime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Mouey shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his. Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to [Loc. is1 Per. J 5 0 the

421

Application of Compea-fation where exceeding

200l.

422 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Not exceeding 2CO /. nor lef* than zol.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Where iefs

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such

than 20I. Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be

less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

Where any

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question n all Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be the Title toS Pa'^ into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the.Privity of the Money to be Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, paid, the Per- for the Purchase of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or of any " Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased

lion of Lands >n pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased witlr &c. at the any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annui-Time of such ties, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands r'TuTd’ or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming ed* entitled" under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Post’ession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also- the Capital of such Bank. Annuities, shall be paid, applied.

423

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That w here by Reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Autho- Expences of rity of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be Purchases to paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, he paid by Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of om" this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all 1 y Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necefliiry Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That Not to pull the Power and Authority hereby given to the said Trustees shall not ex- down Haufes tend to the pulling down any Dwelling House or other Building, or taking "j'^‘out ^on* in the Scite of any House or other Building, or any Part thereof* or to take in any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum Upon Payor Sums of Money so to be agreed on, or adjudged or awarded by the Jury ment of Pur-to be paid for the Purchase of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, M°ney or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall make and execute, or procure to be made or executed, proper and effectual Convey- ed. ances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law, to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, of the said Premises, for which such Sum or Sums of Money was or weie so awarded or adjudged to be paid, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary or requisite to make a good, clear, and perfect Title thereunto; and such Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances, shall contain such usual and reasonable Covenants as shall on Behalf of the said Trustees be required; and when and so soon as the Sum or Sums of Money so herein-before directed to be inverted in the public Funds shall be inverted therein, all the Estate, Right, Title, In-terert, Use, TrustJ Property, Equity of Redemption, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, in Law and Equity, on all and every Person or Persons, who shall be entitled to such Money of, in, to, from, and out of the fame Premises, or any Part thereof, shall vest in the said Trustees, and they the fame Trustees shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof iii Fee Simple, freed and discharged from all Claims, Demands, and Equity of Redemption, whatsoever, either in Law or Equity to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if all and every Person and Persons having any Estate, Right, Title, Trull, Dower, Right or Title of Dower, and Equity of Redemption, of, in, to, from, and out of the fame Premises,

had-

424

Trustees empowered to fell Ground, &c. not wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

Persons from whom such Grounds, & c. have been purchased, to have the Preference.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

had actually conveyed the fame by Lease or Release, Bargain, and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever.

XLIX. And whereas by reason of the diverting, altering, or turning, the Road to be made by virtue of this Act, agreeably to the Power herein-before given for that Purpose, or by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees may happen to be seised of the Ground or Soil which formed the Roads so diverted, altered, or turned, or to be diverted, altered or turned, by virtue of this Act, or some Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what may be necessary for affecting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Grounds or Soil, Piece or Pieces of Ground, together or in Parcels, either by public Sale or private Contraft, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, before they shall so sell or dispose of the Ground or Soil which formed the Roads so diverted, altered, or turned, or to be diverted, altered, or turned, by virtue of this Act, or such Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act, shall first offer to fell or resell, as the Case may happen to be, to the Person or Persons who shall be the Owner or (Owners of the Lands and Hereditaments lying on both Sides of such diverted Roads, or the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the Owner or Owners of the said Lands on both Sides of the said diverted Roads, or the Person or Persons from whom such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall have been so purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall refuse to purchase or repurchase, as the Case may happen to be, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such diverted Roads, or Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said diverted Roads, Piece or Pieces of Ground, Hating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of such Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was offered, shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the Ground or Soil of such diverted Roads, or of repurchafing such Piece or Pieces of Ground so directed to be sold by virtue of this Act, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed, with respect. to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference, shall be borneand paid in like Manner as herein* before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arii'e by the 2* Sals

425

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such diverted Roads, Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

LI. And it is hereby enabled, that all Persons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work, or are chargeable towards amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable and chargeable, and shall do their respective Works in the Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the fame doth or do lie, in such Manner as such Persons ought to have done before the passing of this Act; and that it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, to summon the Surveyors of the Highways for the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, wherein any Part of the said Road doth lie, to bring in Writing before them, upon Oath, within Fifteen Days after such Summons (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), a List of the Names of all the Persons who within such Parishes, Townships, or Places respectively, are obliged by Law to do their Statute Work for that Year, with Teams and Draughts, or otherwise, as also the Number of Days Work which each Person ought to do on the Road in such Parishes, Townships, or Places respectively, out of which Lift the said Justices shall and may appoint and order so many Persons to do their Statute Work on the said Road directed to be repaired by this Act, as they shall think fit, not exceeding Four Days Work, which said Statute Work shall be done by such Persons, at such Times, in such Manner, and in such Parts of the said Road within such respective Parishes, Townships, and Places, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; and if any Person shall neglect or reful'e to do such Statute Work, every such Person for each Day he shall make Default, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for each Team and Draught, and every Lloufeholder and other Person liable to perform such Statute Work as a Labourer shall forfeit the Sum of Two Shillings for each Day’s Default; and if any Person shall be found idle or negligent in the Performance of such Statute Work, the Turnpike Surveyor may and he is hereby required to discharge such Person, and it shall be deemed as if such Person, or such Team or Draught, had not come or been sent to work; and every such Labourer or Person, or the Owner of such Team or Draught, shall be liable to such respective Penalties as aforesaid; and in case any of the said Surveyors of the Highways for any such Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or neglect to give in and deliver a List of the Names as aforesaid, to such Justices, every such Surveyor shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, within each respective Parish, Township, or Place, through which the said Road shall pass, by and with the Conl'ent of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places respectively, first had at any Vestry or other public Meeting of such Inhabitants who shall be summoned together for that Purpose, to compound and agree, from Time to Time, with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such respective Inhabitants upon any Part of the said Road; and in case any such Composition Money shall not be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more IJ.0C. isf Per.2 5? of

Persons liable to repair Roads, to continue so.

Power to compound for Statute Labour.

426

Lands, See. heretofore liable to Statute Duty, to continue so.

Trustees to prefer indictments,

&c.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.1

of thein, pr tp such other Person as they shall appoint.to receive the same within Fifteqp Days after the same shall be due and demanded, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lancqfberi| Uppn Oath made before him or them of such Default, (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered and required to administer), and he or they is and are hereby required to issue a Warrant under, his. pr, their Hand and Seal or-Hands and Seals, empowering. stich Person so by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, appointed to receive such Composition Money, to levy the same by Dili refs of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who hath or have made such Default in Payment of such Composition Money as aforesaid, and such Goods and Chattels, so' distrained, after the Space of Four Days, (such Composition Money and the reasonable Charges of distraining and keeping the fame, not being.paid), to fell, rendering the Overplus (if any there be), to the Owner or Owners thereof upon Demand, after the Composition Money, and all reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; which Cjptnposition Money-shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and such Surveyors and other P>.rfons by whom such Composition shall be made on the Behalf of any Pari fit, Township or Place as aforesaid shall he rgimbursed such Composition Money, as the Surveyors of the Fligh-ways are by the Laws now in.being to be feimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

1 _ '

LIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Lands, Tenements! and Hereditaments, and all Rents and Profits ilfuing out of Lands, 1’enetnentSj or Hereditaments, which now are t>r hereafter shall be liable or chargeable to.wards the anirjfding andirepairing of the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liablebrai chargeable, and the Possessors and Ocqupiers,thereof are hereby required to pay such Sum or Sums.of Money as shall be liable to be paid out of, or are chargeable upon such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Rents, or Profits Us aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the said Tollsand upon Default of Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, to tause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Occupier, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, in Manner herein-before last mentioned.

Ljy. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them at a public Meeting to be held pursuant to this Act, wherqof Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, specifying the Time and Place and the Purpose for which such Meeting is intended to be held, shall be affixed upon the Turnpikes or Ti ll Gates hereby authorized to be erected, and infected in One of the Manchester Newspapers, at least Fourteen Days previous to tite Time when such Meeting is appointed to be held, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as often as they shall think fit and necessary, to direct Indictments to be preferred and prosecuted, at the Expence of the Revenues and Tolb arising upon the said Road, against the Inhabitants of all or any of the P.u ilhes, Town flips, or Places, through which the said Road shall pals,-and against every Person or Persons liable by reason of his, her, or their Tenure or otherwise, to repair and make any Part of the said Road, who shall, have neglected or refuled to repair or make the same.

*JS LV., And

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Sur- Power to re-veyor or Surveyors, and such Persons as he or they shall appoint, (such move Annoy-Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for that Purpose), to remove and prevent all Nuisan-ces and Annoyances on any Part of the said Road, by Filth, Dung, Ashes,

Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running into, along, or out of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, (except such as are used for the Purpose of working and using any Collieries, Mills, or other Works, and of supplying Reservoirs and Conveniences hereinafter described, and to open, scour, and cleanse any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining to the said Road fexcept as aforesaid, and as hereinafter mentioned and described), and to make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think proper and necessary, and to cut down, lop, ortop, any Trees or Bushes growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall neglect to remove the fame, or to cut down and carry away such Trees or Buflics as aforesaid, or to open, scour, or cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such other Anno) ances, for the space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges thereof (to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) shall be reirhbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers; and in case of Nonpayment of such Charges bn Demand, the same to he recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and if after Removal of any of the said Nuisances Or nnnoyanCCs, any Person shall again offend in the like Kind, every such Person, shall for every’ Inch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefa than Forty Shillings.

LVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained R'(training shall extend or be construed to extend to give the said Trustees, or any fjo^ing of them, any Power or Authority to turn, alter, or vary any Watercourse, any Water,6 Stream of Water, Sough, Drain, Tunnel, Ditch, or Dam, near to, in, or tsfe. Aipply-under the said Rond* or any Part thereof, made and used for the Con- or

veyance'or Supply of Water to any Reservoir or Pond, or belonging to or t‘'01rb' for the Purpose and life of any Navigation, Canal, Colliery, Mines, Mills,

Steam Engines, or other Engines, or any other Works of any Person or Persons whomsoever, nor to turn, alter, or prejudice, the Course and Water of any Stream of Water or Watercourse used for any of those Purposes.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to get Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to Materials, dig, gather, and take away, or searchfor any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, ^c‘

Stones, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, out of any River or Brook, or out of any Waste or Common Grounds, in any Parish, Town,

Village, or Hamlet, in or near which any Part of the said Road doth lie, without paying any Thing for such Materials, such Surveyor or Surveyors levelling or causing to be levelled all such Holes and Pits, or otherwise to be raised or fenced out, where and from whence any of such Materials shall be dug, gathered, or taken away, in such Manner as that the fame fh. 11 not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers, and paying for the Damages done by landing, and for going over and through any Lands, Grounds, and private Lanes, for or with such Materials, to be ascertained as hereinafter mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (such Surveyor or " 1 Surveyors

428 44° GEORGII III. Cj/>..26.

Surveyors first having an Order in Writing from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them for that Purpose) to search for, dig, gather, and take away such Materials out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, or planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground inclosed, planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, paying such Sums for such Materials, and for the Damage done to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same, the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions, or at the Second General Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to be holden for the said County of Lancaster, shall and may adjudge and determine the fame; which Determination shall be final.

No Gravel to

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein by d"g out of contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to authorize or empower *JTcrf!y or t^le hid Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons to be em-

jrJeli. r ployed by him or them in the Execution of this Act, to dig or gather any

Gravel or other Materials out of the Rivers Mersey and lrwell, or either of them, so far as the same are made navigable by Law, within the Dillance of Two hundred Yards of any Lock or Weir erected on either of the said Rivers, unless with the Consent of the Committee, or Managers eleffed or appointed by the Undertakers of the Navigation of the said Rivers for the Time being, or from or out of any Piece or Parcel of Ground adjoining or contiguous to any Part of any Canal or Navigation lately belonging to his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, and now to his Representatives, within the Distance of Two hundred Yards of any Towing Path belonging to the fame, or to authorize or empower the said Trustees to make, widen, or alter any Part of the said Road in any Manner that may endanger, alter, or affect the said Canal or Navigation, or the Towing Paths thereof, or to take or remove any Stones which are or shall be placed or fixed for preserving or supporting the Banks of either of the said Rivers, or of any other River of Brook whatsoever, or the said Canal or Navigation, or the Towing Paths thereof; and if any Person or Persons, shall offend in the Cases last aforesaid, such Person or or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Notice to be

LIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not given before be lawful for any such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Per-ukcr>r'3^SUrC fr®3’ lln(^er the Authority of this Act, to take and carry away Materials for repairing the said Road from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Four Days Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier or Occupiers at his or their usual Place of Residence to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or before any Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County where such Lands are situate, to ffiew Cause why such Materials shall noi be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or Occupiers shall attend pursuant titrfueh Notice, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think meet, authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. - 429

Five or more of them, or to such Justices, shall seem proper; and if such Occupier or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or themselves, or his or their Agent, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or Occupiers, or his or their Agent, had attended.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Penalty on Occupier of any Ground or Soil, or any Person whomsoever shall take taking away away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered in any Ground, Matmals-River, or Brook, for the Purpose of repairing the said Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting the said Materials, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Forty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground for his private Use, and Persons authorized by him to get Materials therein for his proper Ufeonly. and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, the same to be recovered, levied, and applied, in Manner herein-aker mentioned.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Milestone* or more of them, shall cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones '°beere&-or Pods to beset up in or near the Sides thereof, at the Didance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Didance of every such Stone or Pod from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, diall think proper, and order and direct; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any of such Pods or Stones, or any Part thereof, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks, which shall be inscrioed thereon; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway adjoining to the said Road, or shall drive any Horse or other Penalty for Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage, thereon, or shall riding on cause any Damage to be done to such Footways; or if the Driver of any Footways-Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall wilfully or carelessly pull up, break, or damage, any Pods or Stones erected for the Security of the Horse causeway, or drive the Wheel of his Carriage against the fame, or shall wilfully or carelessly drive the Wheel of his Carriage upon any Horse causeway made or to be made in any Part of the said Road, or against the Side thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, pr any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Qarriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be conveyed upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing, upon any Part of the said Road to be made into Manure, or shall scrape off the fame, or any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road, with an Iron Crow Rake, or other Indrument with sharp Points, whereby the said Road or any Part thereof shall be damaged; pr if any Person or Persons diall leave any Waggon, Wain, Gart, or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Sides of any Part of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto longer than may be ne-ccssary, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung,

Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, in any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice or

[Loc & Per.] 5 Annoyance

43°

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Annoyance thereof, or of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, and be convicted thereof respectively, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One credible Witness, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose, to administer) every Person so offending shall forfeit a Sum not less than Ten Shillings, nor more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, one Moiety whereof shall be awarded and paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, nor less than Fourteen Days, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until the Expiration of the said Time, or until he, she, or they shall have paid the Sum adjudged by the said Justice or Justices to have been so forfeited.

Power to Collectors to detain un* known Persons guilty of Offences.

LXII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act; BE it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions to be holden for the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and on such Conviction, or for Want of sufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, District, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain until he, she, or they shall pay the respective Penalty by him, her, or them, incurred for such Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid.

Form of Conviction.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That Convictions for Offences against this Act shall be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say:

To wit. ‘ jgE it remembered, That on the Day of

J ‘ in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me One of His Majesty's Justices

‘ of the Peace for the County of on his own Confession

‘ [or, on the Oath of a credible Witness, [or, on the Oaths

of and Two credible Witnesses, as the Case

may bc~\ of [here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and ‘ where the fame was committedJ contrary to an Act passed in the Forty-‘ fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intitu-

led [here insert the Title of this Aid] and I the said Justice do adjudge the

' laid to have thereby incurred the Penalty ol

to be paid, recovered, and applied, in Manner directed by the said

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

‘ said Act. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first ‘ aforesaid."

Which Conviction in the Form or to the Effect aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lancaster, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the Information of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby empowered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward); and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) when demanded, to the Party or Parties whole Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the Charges of such D ft refs and Sale being first deducted) shall be applied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) for and towards the amending the aforesaid Road; and for Want of Distress, if shall lie lawful for such Justice or Justices, by Waria it under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands or Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he, she, or they shall have paid such Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, or until the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall think himself or-herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath already been hereby appointed, it shall be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of Lancaster; or in case the said Cause of Complaint shall arise within Fourteen Days next before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then such Appeal may be made to such Justices at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint of any such Person in a summary Way; and if they fee Cause may, by Order of such Sessions, mitigate at their Discretion all or any of the Penalties aforesaid, or vacate and let aside the Conviction, and set the Party at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Costs as to them shall appear reasonable, and to make such Orders and Judgments in regard to the Premises as they shall think proper; but the Person so appealing shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees, of such his or her Intention of bringing such Appeal, Ten Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall also enter into sufficient Bail before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for prosecuting such Appeal, and abiding such Order as shall be made thereon.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removable by Certiorari, or any other Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Lancaster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

43T

For Recovery of Penalties.

Allowing an Appeal to Person s aggrieved.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

432 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Limitation of

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and Avail be laid and brought in the said County of Lancaster, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or Aiall be brought in any other County or Place, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for and towards amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, in such Parts and Proportions, within such Time and Times, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall direct or appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame, either in their own Names, or in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance Aiall be allowed.

Subscribers to pay their Subscription Money,

[Publick Act.]

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whotnsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Commence-

LXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Duratio'1 of ^ave Continuance from the passing thereof, for and and during the Term therAft" ° Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

iMHMs*

Cap. 27.

An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution several Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar\ for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill; and for railing, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, certain Sum of Money for those Purposes; and also, for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for widening jjG.j.cuJ. and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow Hill; and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans Fund, a Sum of Money for those Purposes i whereby the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, were empowered to borrow and raise, in the Manner therein-expressrd, the Sum of One hundred tliou-f.»nd Rounds upon the Credit of the Fund therein mentioned, called The Orphans Fund, to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas j8 G. 3,c. 61. an Act was paflrd in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majrffy, to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the bsforc-men-[L*r. 6? Per.] 5 6’ tioned

438 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

39 & 40 G. 1 tioned Act: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth and For-

c +* ticch Years of the Reign of H s present Majesty, for raising a farther

Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the said Two Acts of the Thirty-fifih and Thirty-eighth Years aforesaid, and for explaining and amending the said Acts, by which Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common', in Common Council adembled, were empowered to borrow and raile, in the Manner therein expreded, the further Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the said Orphans Fund, and all’o the further Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the fame Fund, and of the Monies to arise by Sale of the Ground Rents and Reverfiun, Freehold an 1 Inheritance, of so many and such Parcels of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased, and of the Lands to be taken from the Streets, pursuance to the said recited Acts, as should not be appropriated to the Use of the Publick; the said Sums to be applied to the Purposes in the said Three several Acts expressed: And whereas an Act

4* G. 3. c. 73. was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jtfiy for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the said Three Acts of the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-eighth, and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts, by which Act of the Forty-second Year aforesaid the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, were empowered to borrow and raise, in the Manner therein expressed, the further Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the said Orphans Fund, and of the Monies to arise by Sale of the Ground Rents and Reversion, Freehold and Inheritance, of so many and such Parcels of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased, and of the Lands to be taken from the S.reets pursuant to the said recited Acts, as should not be appropriated to the Use of the Publick, the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds to be applied to the Purposes in the said Four several Acts mentioned, and the Interest only of the fame last-mentioned Sum was charged upon the said Orphans Fund in the Manner expressed in the said Act of the Forty-second Year aforesaid: And whereas very great Progress has been made in carrying the said Four recited Acts into Execution; but by reason that the Prices and Compenfacions which have been paid for and in respect of Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, purchased for effecting the said Improvements, and the other Coils anti Charges incident thereto, have very far exceeded the Estimates which had been previously made of and concerning the same, the said several Sums of Money, so authorized to be raised as aforesaid, have been found insufficient for the Purposes to which the fame were applicable under the said Acts; and it is therefore expedient that, in order to enable the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to carry on and complete the said Improvements, and fulfil the other Purposes of the said Acts, they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, should be empowered to raise and borrow the further Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the said Fund called the Orphans Fund, and that certain Rates and Charges, composing Part of the said Fund, and herein-after more particularly mentioned, should be continued and made payable for such longer Time as is herein-after limited and cxprclfed in that Behalf, to the Intent that the Surplusses of the said Fund may be sufficient to pay and discharge, within the Time so to be limited, not only

439

44° GEORGII HI. Cap. 27.

the Debt and Sums of Money already charged thereon, but a!so the said additional Sum of One hundred thnufard Pounds now wanted, and ne-refT.iry to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas, in regard that the several Objects and Purposes of the said recited Acts may happen not to be effectuated and completed within the Time or Times now limited in that Behalf, in and by the said Acts of the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-eighth, and T'otty-second Years aforesaid, it is become nectflary to allow further Time for thtfe Purposes: Wherefore, upon the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, May icplcafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and tie it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ami Commons, in this prefer,t Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it fh.i!) belawfui for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonsot the Cityof London, in Common Council assembled, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to borrow and raise by Annuities, upon the Credit of the said Fund called ‘the Otp'ans Fund, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred ilioufand Pounds over and above the frvera] Sums charged upon the fame fund by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Thiity-fifth, Thirty-ninth and Fortieth, and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, all the said Monies to be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London, by such In-llalments, in such Proportions, and at such Times as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall diredij and the Persons who shall contract to advance or contribute any Part of the said Monies snail, in respeef of the Sums which they shall lo respectively advance, be entitled to Annuities at such Rates of Interest as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think reasonable, to commence (rom the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, to be payable Half-yearly, and to continue until Redemption thereof by Payment of each respective Principal Sum.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall cause a Bond or Note, or other Security in Writing, under the Common Seal of the said City, to he delivered to every Person advancing any Part of the said Monies, for the Payment of such Annuities, in respect thereof, until redeemed, as is herrin-aficr mentioned, which Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, shall be assignable by Indorsement.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Fund called Tie Orphans Fund, shall be, and the fame is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable in respect of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds to be borrowed and raised by virtue of this Act, subjtd nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Payment of the Interefi on the Principal Debts remaining due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, and to the Payment of the several Annuities which are or shall be payable in respect of the several Principal Sums borrowed and ra:fed upon the Credit of the said Fund, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament already pa, Ted and now in force.

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the future Surplusses of the said Orphans Fund, after referring to much Muncy as will be (efficient

to

Common Council empowered to raise by An-niiiiies on tht Credit of the Orphan* Fund the additional Sum of 100,000l.

Common

Council to cause B.mds, or other Securities to be given for such Annuities, afngn ble by In jorfement.

The Orphan* Fund charged with such Annuities*

Future Surpluses of the Oi phar.g Fund how to b« applied.

44-°

Upon Notice of Rfdcmp-tioi of the Annuities, and Tender of the Montes, the Annuities to cease.

If*the Sjrplusses of the Orphans Fund should be insufficient for Payment of the Annuities, the Deficiencies to be paid out of the Chamber of London.

The Money to be raised under this Act (after Payment of Expences of the Act) to be applied to the Purposes of the Four ie-

44° GEORG 11 ill. Cap. 27.

to satisfy the Inrereft payable Pom Time to Time to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, as also to satisfy the Annu ties and yearly Inter-ft payable from Time to Time in rd'ptfk of the f. viral other Principal Sums raised and borrowed by virtue or under the Authority of the fiVital Acts of Parliament already passed for that Purpose, anil now in lorce, the Annuities payable and to be paid in respect of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds authorized and directed to be raised and borrowed under and by virtue of this Act, shall be paid, from Time to Time, as the same shall prow due, before any Part of such Surplusses shall be applied in Redemption of the Annuities and the Payment of the principal Monies already charged upon the said Fund; and that the Residue of such Surpluses, after such Payments as by this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in force, are directed to be made out of the fame, shall be paid and l’atisfi"d, shall from Time to Time, by Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said Ci y of London (whiih Orders the said Court are hereby authorized and directed to rmke), or by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, applied towards the Redemption of all and Annular the Annuities payable in reaped of the faiu Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds by this Act charged on the said Fund, in such Order and Coutfe as the said Court of Mayor and Aldettnen shall think fit.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall give or cause to be given Six Calendar Months Notice of their Intention to redeem such Annuities as shall by virtue of this Act be granted in respect of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall respectively belong, at the End of which Six Calendar Months, upen Payment or Tender of the respective Sums for which such Annuities shall have been granted to or for the Person or Persons then entitled thereto, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City for the Tme being, in the Guildhall of the fame City, the Annuity and Annuities payable to such Person or Persons respectively shall cease and determine: Provided nevertheless, that the Monies so tendered shall be paid to such Person or Persons upon hi', her, or their making Demand thereof, and giving a Discharge for the same.

Vf. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Surpluses of the said Fund, charged with the Annuities which shall be payable by virtue of this Act in respect of the Lid Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, shall at any Time or Times hereafter prove insufficient to pay the fime, then and in every such Case, and so often 3S the same shall happen, the Sum which shall be wanting to complete the Payment of such Annuities shall be advanced and paid out of the Chamber of the said City, and be made good and fuj plied out of the future Surplusses of the said Fund.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or fa much thereof as shall be so raised as aforesaid, after Payment thereout of the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act (and which Expences it shall be lawful to retain and pay accordingly), shall be applied for or towmis the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Thir-ty-nft1', Thirty-eigh:h, Thirty-ninth and Fortieth, and Foriy-second Years

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 27. 441

of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that no Part thereof shall be died Acts, applicable or applied to or for any other Ule, Intent, or Purpose what- a"[i'!st^'a^ur~to soever; but that if any Surplus shall remain of the said Sum ol One bun- go towards re-dred ihoui'and Pounds, over and above what shall be applied for the Pur- deeming An-poses aforesaid, such Surplus shall be appropriated and applied for or to- ted under this wards the Redemption of the Annuities to be granted under and by Act. virtue of this Act, in respect of any Parc of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of One hundred The Corpora-thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall happen to be misapplied or converted to any other Ule than as aforesaid, by the said Maydr, Alder- case of Mifap-men, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council affem-

bled, or by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City for the Time being, or any of their Officers, or any other Person or Persons acting under colour of any Warrant, Power, or Authority, by, from, or under them respectively, then and in such Case the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, shall be answerable for the fame out or the Revenue of the said Corporation, in any Action or Addons to be brought by any of the Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens and their Successors, claiming under or by virtue of this Act, or of any of the Acts of Parliament herein-before nentioned, or by the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of any such Creditor; which said Sum and Sums of Money so recovered shall be applied to the same Uses as the Monies so misapplied or converted should or might have been applied to, if such Misapplication had not haopened, except that the Colls of Suit shall be deducted and retained thereout in the first Place, for the Benefit of him, her, or them, so suing.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in the annual Account in and by Disburremenu an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be by the Chamberlain of the said City of London for the Time being this A«, to be laid before each House of Parliament, shall be included an Account of ch^nberiain’i the Disbursements of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or annual Ac-of so much thereof as shall then have been raised and borrowed. counts.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act not to

Act contained shall tend to lelfen or affect the Security of any of the present dkors of the'" Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens further or other- Corporation wife than is herein expressly directed and enacted. therein1'

directed.

XI. And whereas the said Fund called Lhe Orphans Fund, was elta- The Duty of blished by and for the Purposes mentioned in an Act, passed in the Filth dran or Ton and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, «f Coals im-An Act for the Relief of Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London; fhePorto? and the Receipts and Disbursements of the said Fund are under the London (being Management and Direction of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the orphan*'6 said City-, and by several Acts passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty- Fund), hereby ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, in the Seventh and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said re- masX)zy \xv, cited Acts of the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-ninth and Fortieth, and Fcuty-second up to 5th 7"!/ Years of the fame Reign, or by some of them, the said Fund has been , S37’ continued and augmented, and divers Sunu of Money charged thereon

[Zee. Es* Per.-] 5 T for

442

44° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 27.

for defraying the Expences of fever.il publick Works: And whereas a Part of the Paid Orphans Fund confihs of the clear Annual Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, by the salt! Ace of the Sixth and Severn': Years or the Reign of King William and Queen Mary charged for ever upon all the 1.(fates and Revenues of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, except a therein excepted, and a furdier Far of the said Orphans Fund confilts of the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of all C als or Culm usually sold by the ChalJrm imparted into th P >r of London, or Members thereof, and of a lilteDuty of Sixpence for every Ton of ftuh Coals sold by the Ton and so importer!; and the said Act directed that the said Impositii n < f Sixpence should continue fr >in the Twenty-ninth Uay of September Cn thousand seven hundred, for F r Term oi Fifty Yeats j and by the bef ire-mentioned Act of tie Twenty Si ft Year o. the Reign of King George the Second the fame was further continued for? Term of Thirty-five Years, from the Expiration of the said Term of Fifty Years; and from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and fifty, the Eftites and Revenues of the said Mayor ant! Commonalty and Citizens were by the fame lalf-mentioned Act charged towards the said Fund with the Yearly Sum of Two thousand Pounds, over and above the said Yearly Sum of Eight thousand Pounds , and by the said Acc of the Seventh Year of the Reign of Mis present Majesty the (aiJ Imposition of Sixpeice for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm was continued for a further Term of Forty-six Years from the Expiration of the said Term cf Thirty-five Years-, and from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven unt the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, the E(fates and Revenues of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens were by that Act charged towards the further Increase < f the said Fund, with the full Yearly Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, over and above the said several Yearly Sums of Eight thousand Pounds and Two thousand Pounds: And whereas the Sur[ luffes of the said Orphans Fund have been from Time to Time applied, according to the Directions of the several Acts made and passed concerning the same, and thereby the Capital Debt due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City of London, and before the passing of this Act charged on the said Orphans Fund, was, on the Fifth Day of July lalf, reduced to the Sum of Seven hundred and eighty-five thousand three hundred P< unds, and (computing the future Sur; lufies on an Average of the lad Six Years), the Whole miehc be expected to be paid off and discharged by the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, if no further Charge or Incumbrance IhculJ be made thereon: And whereas, if the said Imposition of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals or Culm, and the said yearly Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, charged on the E(fates and Revenues of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens be further continued to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Surplus of the said Fund will (it is computed) be sufficienc topayolt the said further Chnrge of One hundred thousand P< iunds, as well as the Whole of the Debt and Sums of Money before charged thereon, within the Time for which the said Fund would be so continued as last-mentioned; be it therefore further enacted, That, for and towards rendering the said Fund sufficient and effectual to pay otf and discharge, net only the Principal and Imereti of the Debt remaining due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City of London, but likewise of the Monies charged thereon

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 27. 443

thereon by this present Act; and alf.) to pay and redeem the Annuities which will be payable in reJbeft of the Monies f hereby charged on the said Fund, and rnifed or borrowed on the Credit there f, the said Impofi-rion of Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton of C nis cr Culm, so by the said Act i f the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queer, Mary granted during a Term of Fifty Years, and by the said Act of the T vf-ty-fulf Year of the Reign of King Ge.r^e the Second further continued h r a Term t f Thirty-five Years; and by the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Rein of His present Majesty further continued for a Term of tVte-fix Ye rs, shall be anti the fane is hereby continued for a further Term i f Five Years and Three Quarters of a Year from the Expiration of the said Term r Fcrty-fii: Years; and that rdl and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Provisions, contained in the fame Three Acts, or either of them, f. r the collecting, levying, and recovering of th' laid imposition, and all the Penalties thereby imposed, and Regulations therein respectively made fur preventing Frauds and Covin, fir all remain end be in force, and by virtue of this Act shall and may lie ex-erctfet! and rut in use, in collecting, levying, and recovering the said Imposition, for and during all the Time 1 y this Act limited and appointed for Payment thereof, as if the fame were herein expressly mentioned and repeated and at large re-enacted; and all Monies to be received on Account of the said imposition hereby continued, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of the Chamber of the said City of London, for and towards the Increase of the said Fund,

XIE And be it further enacted, That, for and towards rendering the said The Yearly Fund more fully sufficient and elrectual fi r the Purposes before mentioned a]1 a!. concerning the same, all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene- ged on the dements, Markets, Fairs, and the Duties thereof, and all other the Reve- ^"'poratiou* nuos of anJ belonging to the Mayor an 1 Commonalty and Citizens of ot tiin the City of London, in Possession or Reverfii.n, shall nut only henceforth, unto the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and up to M.dj'um-thirty-one, but also from and after that Day up to and until the Fifth Day of July which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nued up to 5th thirty-fever, Hand, continue, and be charged with the said full yearly Sum of 7»(r. »*37-One thousand five hundred Pounds, already charged thereon as aforesaid, and no more, over and above the said several yearly Sums of Eight thousand Pounds and Two thousand Pounds wherewith they respectively stand charged; which yearly Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds so made payable For a longer Time, is hereby appropriated and shall be applied to the fame Ul'es to which the said yearly Sums of Eight thousand Pounds and Two thousand Pounds are by the said former Acts and this Act made applicable.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for tire said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council a (Tern bled, to atjree for, or cause to he valued and to purchase, all and singular the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, anil Hereditaments, or any of them, which they are empowered to purchase under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-eight!), Thirty-ninth and Fortieth, and Forty-second Years of the Reign i t His present Majesty, and not already purchased by them, at any Time or Times whatsoever within the Space of Three Years, commencing and to be computed

Common Council empowered to purchase House:, etc. at any Tone, within Three Years, and complete Improvements at any Time within Five Yeats from the passing of this Act.

1

444

Application of Compensation if amounting t a oo /.

4+" GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

computed from the Time of passing this Act; and also, that it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council airembled, to carry into tflcft, do, and complete, and to proceed in carrying into effect, doing, and completing the several other Objects and Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Thirty-fifth, Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth and Fortieth, and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, at all and every or any Time or Times whatsoever, within the Space of Five Years, in like Manner commencing and to be computed from the Time of thepaffing of this Act; any Thing in the fame recited Acts, any or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, or of any of them, or of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase and Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes-, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds/ar Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits

i

t

Jl«

it

!t*

it*

oik

{UK

Con Hit Han Cmr M i*P feW V. ini it

iff

fin

Ap;

I

kf

Ctt

d

13

art

at

h

h

»t

t

a

a

I

S

i

445

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

of the said Lands Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament , purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability cr Incapacity as aforesaid, which shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time bring entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing undtr their relpeciive Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed , or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Loid Mayor for the Time being (such Nomination and Appiooation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the D vidends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so to be paid as aforesaid shall be Itfs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall be applied to the Ulc of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been enriiled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tem-menis, and Hereditaments so putch.ifed, taken, or uled, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall think fit, or in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom arty Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be puuhafed by virtue of the said recited Acts or of any of them, or of this Act. Ihdl retufe to accept the fame, or lhaSI not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, Aldeimen, and Commons, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom fuel". Sum or Sums of Moiuy shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known ur discovered.then and in every such Case it liiall and may be Lwrul to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid inco the Bank of England*, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Fairies, interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \d.Jcru,ing tbim~\, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the law Court

[Lee. & Per.~\ 5 U of

Application of Coropen-fation if less than 200l. and exceeding so/.

ApnfieafTon ot Comptn fation, if less [than 20/

In case Titles shall he deficient M ney to be paid into the Bank.

446 44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said C >urt shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

Question shall arile touching the Title to Money to be

J>aid, the Ptr-on who shall be in PolTel-fion of the Lands, (Sc. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Post'el-fion.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any (Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Cornt of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased wish any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest; therein.

of'chamre*

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any rhay ordtx^ Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled Expences of to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Au-he p*id|eS to thority of the said recited Acts, or of any of them, or of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Dies, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 27. ' 44

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts made in the Powers tt-. Thirty-fifth, Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth and Fortieth, and Forty-second Ac&mend* Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, to t«i* Act. Authorities, Directions, Indemnities, Prottftlons, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained,

(save and except such Parts thereof as are repealed, varied, or altered,) shall extend and be construed to extend to this Act, and shall be in force and effect for carrying into Execution the several Purposes thereof, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Powers, Authorities, Directions, Indemnities, Protections, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and PufclickACt. taken to be a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice thereof without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

) hU

qxmjj;: . ovj-a^A^qAup y&Sk

BIU3E III

4 , i»t>

3gr:ia3 has lot: !)' j tcmr T a si: >3 SA aA

WHj-yii'ji'Cjw'iU jofiaq ( hr ovrT > 2 swo*l»ril sent.3->--; Sj ;:i bo*.- , :' sisl a' i *to u 3>Y

beo/1 V4^nibnsm£ id <: s>: Jrr-jhnr, rOotssY

9©<'W ic v!f.rroO.j* i.- :bvod

1 mAr ’- moii c :u;.v3.l h.o<-t itv sh: nio^ji

blloM ‘:i 03 ZOlL n >rn t Jiij: 1: 1 «j3

, In'i ': ai*iois\nv-.*s.t\ moil

Sfittil Oil j njftw j)' I'l jd) qj nV\\t ovv > V jH) lo AstV^Act 01 wwiimA '*A. moil hijo i jdi *aioj, (\*o$i \&IA b$J

1.01* ’'di to wuV !jifH)-ffri ] li ni b-'Ti/tq «r fiA its HAH H IHT TfT

, Lq'->3j8-itii-- , 1 jm.)| vlbifcl/ iiiil ..iti VajuH SM'M tt <rOwti8. t n\_VivioS\ 'S\ viv \ ,.. iti'i >v«fc *a v

Vj *' j m ,w\- 3^-JV. v,«m»

-«V- ,»\ ? \l >W'U? 5

, zitt lo i»Y i>n«i .»l /Tinw i bo:..., iis m.s>i hnA

?iwo9 bet mw'l srfj ,..> tftt >; ,;5 w»foiq «*< 5 "V-># ,rf’

[ ni

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 28.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield^ and from Sheffield to the South Side of Worthy, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the fame relates to the Road from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinjley, and through Part of the Town of Tinjley to the Place where the fame joins the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the 33 g. 3. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, sin Act for amending and widening the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Wortley, in the County of Tirk, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Man-thester: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of 21 g. 3, the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers [Loc. V Per.2 5 of

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

of the said former Act, so far as the fame relates to the said Road leading from Baivtry aforesaid to Tinjley, and through Part of the Town of Tinjley to the Place where the fame joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield: And whereas the Trustees appointed in add by virtue of the said recited A^hav? proceeded to put the fame in Exedution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, which are (till due and owing, and cannot bS paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept jn Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof are altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majestj^rThat it may be 'efiaftiJd; And be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, so far as relates to that Part of the said Road which leads from JBawtry aforesaid to Tinjley, and through Part of Tinjley to the Place where the fame joins the Road leading from Rotherham to Sheffield, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such of them as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and are hereby further continued for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect: immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls by the said recited Acts granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all the Money now due on the Credit or on account of the said recited Acts, or either of them,-or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, for the Use of the said Road, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon.

II. And be it further enacted, That William Alderson Clerk, John Alderson, Henry Bower, Roger Bajkett, Samuel Barker, John Barker, John Brown, William Beale, John Beale, Thomas Dawson Bowker, William Stow Clarke, John Downes Clerk, Robert Evans Clerk, John Savile Foljambe, John Fawcett Clerk, Thomas Fisher, Robert Graham, Abraham Cyrus Gordon, William Hodges Clerk, John Holt Clerk, William Holland Clerk, John Healey, William Hett, William Hyde, John Johnson, the Honourable George William Monckton, Henry Francis Mel/ish, William Marfden, Robert Dawson Otter, Francis Raynes the younger, Richard Sharpe, George Stovin, Hugh Salvin Clerk, William Sampson, Thomas Short the younger, Richard Taylor, and John Wright, of Clifton, shall be added to and joined with the Trullees appointed for putting the said recited Acts in Execution; and that the said Trullees, by and in pursuance of this Act, or of the said former Acts appointed or to be elected and qualified, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for repairing, amending, and keeping in Repair, that Part of the Road in this Act and the said recited Acts mentioned, which leads from Bawt>y aforesaid to Tinjley, and through Part of Tinjley to the said Road leading front Rotherham to Sheffield, and for putting in Execution all and every the Powers and Authorities in this and the said former Acts contained re* spefting such Part of the said Road as aforesaid.

44° GEORGII III. Gap. 28.

tfl. Anclbeit further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Panlhes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Comport, or Manures, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or Returning from Parture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worftiip tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that Aval! die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman, going to or returning from viftting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprelTes under the Authority of His Majesty's Purtmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprelTes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any llorfes, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Partes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beatt drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of York, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and lake the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereot shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the sot the said Acts and this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchated, taken, or uled for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame

shall

451

General

Exemptions*

Application of Compensation Monty where exceeding £. ico.

452

Application where the Compensation Moorv tines not exceed £ aoc. nd aoove £ to.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to he placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt (5r Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinafter directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under

1

i

i

0

ft

lira

U

01

at

k

tfi

so

'I

b

ft

to

p

t

C

I

453

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner at the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums, so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, or Hereditaments £da-scribing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary "Way of Proceeding or other wise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, in Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eilateor Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of a fly Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be

[Lee. 1st Per.] 5 T purchased

Application where the Money ii left than £ 20.

Money allowed for Lands, See. purchased, how to be charged and tendered,&c.

Where any

Question shall arise touching tha Title to Mo-rey to be paid, the Person who shall be ia Poflef.

454

fion of the Lands, Sec. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possef-Son.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company.

For paying the Expences of the Act.

Declaring the Act Public.

Fixing the Term of this Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costsand Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or piore of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, or any Five or more of them, out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said Act, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad. judged, and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, that the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall upon the passing hereof cease and determine, and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4HMH|t*4HM^4HHt*4MC

Cap. 29.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making 33 G. 3 c. ?<. and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pontypool, in the County of Monmouth 3 and for making and maintaining Railways and Stone Roads from such Canal, to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock i?»r/Monmouth, certain Persons, therein named, and their Successors, were incorporated by the Name of The Company cf Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal Navigation, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from any Place at or near the Town of Brecknock, to join and communicate with the Monmouthshire Canal, and divers other Works therein particularly tpentioned; and for effecting such several Pur-[_Loc. IA Per.] 5 Z poses,

458

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

pofcc, the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Proportions as to them should seem meet and convenient, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, such Money to be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each , and in case the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds should be found insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, then the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, such Money to be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each in like Manner as if such further Sum or Sums had originally constituted Part of the said One hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded io the Execution of the said Act, and have rendered the said Canal navigable from the said Town of Brecknock, to a certain Place called Clydach, in the Parish of Llanelly, in the said County of Brecknock, being a Distance of Eighteen Milts and a Half, or thereabouts, and have nearly completed the said Canal frorrj Clydach aforesaid to a certain Place called Betty’s Barn, in the Parish of Llanfoijl, in the said County of Monmouth, being in Length Two Miles,

or thereabouts; and have also made and completed several Railways and Stone Roads, and have, in the Execution thereof, not only expended the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, but also the said further Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, save and except a small Part thereof which, through the Insolvency or Inability of some of the said Proprietors, has not yet been paid; and the said Company of Proprietors have contracted confide- vl

Table Debts, which (till remain unpaid, and a Part of the said Canal, from the said Place called Betty’s Barn, to the Junction with the Monmouth 21

shire Canal, near Ponty Moile, being in Length about Twelve Miles and C

a Half, remains wholly unmade; and it’ is expedient that the said Com- I*

pany of Proprietors should be enabled to‘raise a further Sum of Money

for the Purpose of discharging of their said Debts, and of finishing and Ai

completing the Whole of said Canal and Works thereunto belonging, is

and that certain of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act should be «l

altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majrfly that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 5

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,’ and by I

Company the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for i

borrow a fui '^e Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal tiierSum, not Navigation, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise, in I

exceeding Manner herein-ascer mentioned, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not

0,000 ‘ exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, (although

the Whole of the said several Sums of One hundred thousand Pounds^ and Fifcy thousand Pounds, allowed to be raised by virtue Of the said recited Act, may not have been raised) and to borrow and take up the fame at legal Interest, from such Persons as shall be wilting to advance and lend the fame; and the Money so to be raised, together with such Part or Parts of the said Sums of One hundred thousand Pounds, and Fifty thousand Pounds, as remains or remain unpaid, shall be applied and disposed of in defraying the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and pauing this Act, and all other Expences relating thereto, and in carrying on, completing, repairing and maintaining the said Canal, and the several Works belonging thereto, and directed to be made and executed by virtue

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.. 4-59

tue of the said recited Act and this Act; and also in making such Alterations and Improvements therein, as to them the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time feern right and proper, and in paying and discharging the several Sums of Money due and owing by the said Company of Proprietors.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Company may the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, s[",e8-new

to raise the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Sum of Eighty thousand ‘Pounds, as to them respectively shall seem right and proper, by ertating new or additional Shares of One hundred and fifty Pounds each, and disposing of the same to such Person or Persons, and at such Price or Prices, as to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, shall from Time to Time seem meet and convenient , but no Person or Persons shall be admitted to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking upon a less Advance than One hundred and fifty Pounds for each Share, for or in respect of their several and respective Shares.

III. And be it further enacted, That each and every Proprietor of New Pro-each and every Share which shall or may be created by virtue of this Act, shall be entitled to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Privileges as Advantages, and shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the Share or Shares so holden by him, her, or them, were Part of the Shares already created and now vested in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal Navigation; and the Admission of every Person to any such new Share or Shares, by any, Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, shall be and be deemed to be a good and effectual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, on his, her, or their paying to the said Company or their Treasurer the Purchase Money or Price agreed to be paid for such Shares' respectively.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Company may to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they shall think it sumofSoooo/. meet and expedient, to borrow the said Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, by Promi’fluiy or any Part or Parts thereof, upon Promissory Notes, under the Common Notes-

Seal of the said Company of Proprietors; and all such Notes shall be made payable in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, and with such lfegal Rate of Interest, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper, and either with or without a Power in the respective Holders of such Notes, to have an Option of becoming a Proprietor of One Share of One hundred and fifty Pounds, in the said Undertaking, in lieu of the Principal Money by such several Promissory Notes to be secured, or so much or such Parc thereof as the said Company of Proprietors, or tlieic Committee for the Time being, and the Person or Persons advancing such Money on the Security of the said Notes, shall jointly agree upon;

Provided always, that no Person shall in any Case be admitted to be a Proprietor of any Share of One hundred and fifty Pounds in the said Undertaking, in lieu of a less principal Sum of Money than One hundred and fifty Pounds advanced on the Security of such Notes, and the Terms and Particulars upon which the respective Holders of such Notes

460

Rates to be a Security for the Money borrowed.

Where Meetings of the Commissioneri may be hoi-den.

Number of the Committee.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. zg.

shall be entitled to such Option of becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking shall be fully expressed and set forth in the said several and respective Notes.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates authorized to be demanded and taken by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be a Securicy for each and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, with interest, to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities; and all Persons to whom any such Securities as aforesaid shall be given, shall be equally entitled to a Claim or Lien on the said Rates, in proportion to the respective Sums ot Money advanced and lent by them respectively on the Credit of the said Rjtes, without any Preference by real'on of the Priority of the Date of any such Notes in like Manner as if such Sums of Money had been advanced and lent upon Mortgages or Assignments of the said Rates, in pursuance or by virtue of the said recited Act.

VI. And whereas it is by the said recited Act directed, that every Meeting of the Commissioners for hearing and determining any Complaint, Controversy, Difpure, or Difference, between the said Company of Pro- , prietors and any Person or Persons, should be holden within the County, and within Eight Miles of the Place where or respecting which such Complaint, Dispute, or Difference, should aiile, which has been attended with great Inconvenience; Be it therefore enacted, That such Part of the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to hold their several Meetings for hearing or determining any Complainr, Controversy, Dispute, or Difference, between the said Company of Proprietors and any other Person or Persons, at any Place or Places which the said Commissioners shall appoint, within the County where such Complaint, Dispute, or Difference, shall ariie.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, as directs the said Company of Proprietors to make choice of Twenty-two Persons resident in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock respectively; that if to say. Eleven resident in each of the said Counties to manage the Affairs of the said Company, shall, on the last ’Thursday in the Month of April next, be and the fame is hereby repealed, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to make choice of and appoint, on that Day, and at the Time or Times, and in Manner directed by the said recited Act, Twelve Persons qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act, to be a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the said Company of Proprietors in the room or (lead of Twenty-two Persons, and such Persons so cholen and appointed a Committee shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions. Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the said Twenty-two Persons are subject and liable to; and such Twelve Persons, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time have as full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and singular the Affairs and Business of the said "Company of Proprietors, in as full, large, and ample a Manner, as the said Committee of Twenty-two Persons, or any Five of them, could or might have directed and managed the Affairs and Business of the

461

44° GEORGII III. Cop. 29*

said Company of Proprietors, under or by virtue of the said recited

Ad.

VIII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act directed, that the said Treasurer, Company of Proprietors should appoint a Treasurer within each of the said Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, which Provision has been attended with great Inconvenience, and it is expedient that the fame should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs that the said Company of Proprietors should appoint a Treasurer within each of the said Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever-, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons as to them shall seem right and proper, taking Security from such Person or Persons in Manner by the said recited Act di-reded, to be the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Company of Proprietors.

IX. And whereas Doubts and Difficulties have arisen cn the Corftruc- Ascertaining tion of a certain Part of the said Act, directing that where any Boar, ,he D‘ft*nce> Barge, or other Vessel, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be navigated or

pass by any Port or Mark, or Place where such Poll or Mark shall have flood or been fixed on the Side of the said Canal, or Kail or Waggon Ways, or Stone Roads, describing and regulating the Length of Half a Mile, the said Rate shall he paid for a full Half Mile, although such Boat,

Barge, or other Vessel, Waggon, or other Carriage, fh .11 not have actually passed the full Half Mile; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where there shall be a Fradion of a Quarter of a Mile in the Distance which any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall be navigated upon the said Canal, or any Waggon or other Carriage shall pass upon any of the said Rail or Waggon Ways, or Stone Roads, such Fradion shall, in ascertaining the Rates to be paid for and in respect of the Lading thereof respectively, by virtue of the said recited Act, be deemed and considered as a whole Quarter of a Mile, i 7 1 ' n. i *ij it id; 1' ' at j.

X. And whereas the said Company of iProprietors are empowered, by For (applying the said recited Act, to supply the said Canal whilst (he fame shall be water1 making, and at all Times for ever after the fame should be made, with

Water from all such Springs, as should be found in making the same, and from all Rivers, Brooks, Streams, and Watercourses whatsoever, which are or should be found within the Distance of Two thousa.nd Yards from any Part thereof, or from any Reservoir or Reservoirs belonging thereto, nevertheless without Prejudice to any Mills, Works, Dwelling Houses, or Lands theretofore supplied with such Water-, and whereas the said Canal, when made, may be supp lied in the County of Monmouth with Water, by confining the said Company of Proprietors to all such Rivers, Brooks*

Streams, and Springs, as interfed or run across the Line of the said Canal within the said County of Monmouth, on the North-west Side of a certain Brook there, cailed Rbid y murch Brook; be it therefore enacted.

That such Part of the said recited Act as relates to supplying the said Canal with Water within the said County of Monmouth, shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void, to all Intents and [Z,ec. fs5 Per."] 6 A Purposes

4&2 44.° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Purposes whatsoever, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to supply the said Canal with Water, whilst the same shall be making, from all such Rivers, Brooks, Streams, and Springs, as intersect or run across the Line of the said Canal, within the said County of Monmcutb, or as shall be found within Two thousand Yards of such Part of the Line of the said Canal, and from Time to Time and at all Times after the said Canal shall be made, to supply the fame with Water from all such Rivers, Brooks, Streams, and Springs, as intersect or run across ihe Line of the said Canal, within the said County of Monmouth, on the North-west Side of a certain Brook there, called Rhid y murch Brook, doing the reby as little Damage as may be, and from Time to Time making Satisfaction in the Manner by the said Act provided, ro the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any Messuages, Mills, Lands, or Hereditaments, for all Damages to be by them relprftively fuftamrd, by means or in consequence of the Power hereby given.

Housetand

XI. And whereas by the said rented Act, the said Company of Pro-

"beTnTured Pr'ctors arc directed to make the said Canal from a certain Brook called exceptthofe Cwmerawnon, in the County of Brecknock, to the Monmouthshire Canal the said'sche- at P°nt y Moilc, in the County of Monmouth, upon a Level with the Lid dule. Monmouthshire Canal, at or near Ponty Moi/e atorefiid: And wheieas by the said recited Act the said Company of Proprietors are restraintd font taking, using, injuring, or damaging any House or other Building, or any Ground which, upon the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, was the Site of any House or other Building, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House or Lawn, or Pleasure Ground, other than and except such as are particularly mentioned in the Schedule to the recited Act annexed: And whereas it is necessary for the Purpose of making the said Line of Canal from Cwmerawnon to the Monmouthshire Canal at Pont y Moile, upon a Level with the said Monmouthshire Canal, and for the Purposes of the said Canal that the said Company of Proprietors should be enabled to purchase and take certain other Houses, Buildings, Cottages, Mills, Gardens, Orchards, and Yards; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take and purchase, for the Use of the said Undertaking, the several Houses, Buildings, Cottages, Mills, Gardens, Orchards, and Yards, all or any of them, in the Schedule hereunto annexed, mentioned, and specified, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been particularly mentioned and comprized in the Schedule annexed to the said recited Act, making Satbfaction and Compensation to the several Owners and Occupiers of anil Persons inn-rested in such Houses, Buildings, Cottages, Mills, Gardens, Orchards, and Yards, respectively, for the fame, and for the Damages they shall respectively luftain thereby, in Manner by the said recited Act directed.

Application

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or ration??'"’ agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, amounting to or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or of this Act, or either of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee,

463

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

mittee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person to whom Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Monty shall, in calc the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Dirt&ion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be applied and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood fetiled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Lfftft; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Thrre Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money lo agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lei's than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order that the fame may be applied in Manner

Application of Compensation if less t!nn 200l. and exceeding ?o/.

464 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Manner herein-brfore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any One or more of the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, fluch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the D.vidends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

*Pcoeallon

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so ration, if let. agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be leis than than 10/ Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applicable to' the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time bring have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so putchafed, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in stich Manner as the said Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit or in case of Intancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not making out Titles, etc. Purchase Money to be pud info the Bank, subj*ct to the Order of the Court of Chancery.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments to be pur> haftd by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, fh >11 refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the S itisfaction of the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors; or in ca!e such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee or any Three or more of them, to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defcriHng them3, subject to the Order, Controll), and Dispofuion of the said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the pu’olick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the ndpeftive Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or CaQners of the Bamc of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Life the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay an| such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Cqu t of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Bight, or littered, in any Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or littered of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the PoflelTion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed ol accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such PoffcITion was a wrongful Pofitflion, and that such other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

465

Where any Qaeltion shall arise touching the Title to Money to He paid, the Person who shall he in PofVession of the Lands, fife, at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any The Court Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporations, entitled

to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Expences of Authority of the said recited Act or of this Act, the Purchase Money for to

the fame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, orfy much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, Ex- Powers nc. emptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Directions, Payments, ^c^extended Provisions, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever, in the said recited to this A«, 1 Act contained (save and except such Parts thereof as are varied, altered,

and repealed, by virtue of this Act), shall be as good, valid, and effectual, for carrying this Act into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefect Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Pulfiok Act. taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such,

by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

6 B

ILoc. 6? Per.]

THE

466

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

THE SCHEDULE.

OCCUPIERS. DESCRIPTION. PARISHES in the County of Monmouth, where situated.

Mr. Edwards Orchard - - - Llanfoiff.

Ditto ... Ditto ... Ditto.

[n Hand Cottage and Garden Llanellen.

In Hand - - - Garden - . Ditto.

B. Morgan - - Garden ... Ditto.

J. Hughes - - Orchard - - Ditto.

R. Booth Orchard ... Llanover.

H. R offer - - Cottage and Garden Ditto.

Miss Morgan Orchard ... Ditto.

J. Harris (a Lease J of Lord Abtr- > gavenny) J Garden . - Goitre. A . 1

W. Phillips Orchard and Garden Ditto.

In Hand Barn and Hovel Mamhilad.

Company of Pro-J prieiors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal - - J Ulk Mill, House, and Garden - St John Evangelist, in the County of Brecknock.

OWNERS.

John Hanbury Williams, Esq.

Ditto ..

Mr. J. Jones -

T. Thomas

Mr. E. Matthews -

Daniel Williams, Esq Mrs. Morgan, Widow Mr. James Gabb Mr. J. Morgan

r

Mr. R. Davis - j

Mr J. Lewis -

W. Morgan, Esq. -

Maria Teresa Gwynne, Widow

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers

to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 30.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Third and Twenty-third Years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of Stafford, through Bridgford and Eccleshall, to a Place called Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop, and from Bridgford aforesaid to a certain Stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellenhall, in the Road between Bridgford and Newport, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the third Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and 3 & *3 G. 3. widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, whereby the said Roads were divided into Three separate Districts, One of which being the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of [Loc. Cf Per.~] SC Stafford,

470

Acts further continued.

Additional

Trustets.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Stafford, through Bridgford and Eccleshall, to a Place called Ireland’s Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop, and from Bridgford aforesaid to a certain Stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellerthall, in the Road between Bridgford and Newport, was called the First District of such Roads, and separate Trustees were appointed for each District: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and amending the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts for the said First District of Roads, have proceeded to put the fame into Execution within such District, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said First District, which still remain due and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said recited Acts (so far as relate to the said District of Roads) be further continued: May it therefore pkafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act, the said recited Acts, and the ie-veral Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, therein contained (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties) so far as the fame relate to the said First District, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and together with this present Act shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were herein particularly inserted, repeated, and re-enacted, and that this Act and the Term hereby granted shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts or either of them, and this Act, with respect to the said First District, and of all Interest due or to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Anfor., William Anson, George Anson, Sambrooke Anson, Ralph Affon, John Delves Broughton, Henry Broughton Clerk, George Bonney Clerk, John Box, Francis Brookes Junior, George Brookes, Sir John Chelwode, John Chetwode Junior, James Cornwallis, George Chet-wynd Junior, Offley Crew, John Mur hall Crockett, Efdward Clarke Junior, James Cramer, William Collier, Samuel Davis, Francis Eld Junior, John Eld, Richard Eld, Joseph E/lerton Clerk, Sir Francis Ford, Thomas Fernyhottgh, Edward Groves, Henry Vernon Graham, William Jolland, Sir John Hcathcote, William Hadderjick Junior, Sampson Handley, William Lycett, Edward Monckton junior, George Monckton, John Monckton, Henry Monckton, Philip Monckton, Richard Marsh, James Masters, Thomas Marsh, Arthur Morgan, John Orm, John <)te-venfon Salt, John Thomas, John Tunnicliffe, Sir John IVrottesley, Edward Whitby Clerk, William Whitby, and George Whitby (being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act) shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed in or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, with respect to the said First District cf Roads; and that the several Persons herein-before named, together with those who were appointed or

elected

471

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

elected Tmftees in or by virtue of the faij recited Acts^'flutilbe andrrfifey are hereby appointed Trustees to put the find recited A els and this Act imp-Execution with respect to the said First Di I tried, as tuiLy and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed by the said recited Aiftfi or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or roratWing taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or convey-

ing, or going to carry or convey, or returning front carrying or conveying, from Tull having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, W< od, Gravel, or other Materials for re-, pairing of the said Disttid of Roads, or any of the Roads in the Town- . ships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay,

Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, any "

Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung,

Compost. or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving'

Lands, or for any other Tiring employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or ministeria! Duty cn a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse,

Cart, Cattle, or Beast, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafles; or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Stafford and Salop, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or col-lufive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this At! granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Dh efling awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments purchased,

i taken.

ic .*

r if

-.flit

47 2

rty pair! for Coinpenfa-tion for Land-, Sec. when iir.ointing to 200/

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the TruHees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, und r the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or toward* the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance*, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid afftfting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and ;he like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall b existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the m<-an Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invedeJ by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds/>er Cen/wn Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank. Annuit es shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement we.e made.

Application where the Money is Jess than aoc/. and above sol.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to befignified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, an4 be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise

473

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

r.thenvife the same shall be paiJ, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by hive or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing tinder the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the CouTt of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said A fts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments* to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refute to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaftaon of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments [_describing than]; subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif-position of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution there f, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

[L«c. & Per. 1 6 D

Appli'ation wh 1 e t he Money is lef* than 20/.

In care of not m iking out Titles i

or if Perfom cannot be found, Purchas Money to be paid into the Bank.

subject to the Order of the Court ot Chancery, on

Motion or Petition.

474

Respecting disputed Title!.

Court of Chancery to direct the Pa^ nient of Expeccet.

For paying Expencet of the Ae:.

[Publick Act.]

Term of this Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Yin. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer to the Trustees for the Care of the said First District of Roads, or out of the first Money which shall be collected or received from the Tolls, arising upon the said First District, or which may be borrowed on the Credit thereof, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and determine j

47$

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

termine; and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 31.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty-third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross Houses, Glaze-ley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill\ in the Counties of Salop and Worcester.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign ,c. j.

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross Houses, Glazely, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester: And whereas by one other Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuig the Term, and alter- , q. j.e.-9. ing and enlarging the Powers of an Ail, of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, Glazely, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester; certain Tolls were made payable, and certain Powers and Authorities given to the Trustees therein named, for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the several Roads therein mentioned: And whereas the said Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls [I.cc. Of Per.'] 6 E thereby

478 44° GEORGII III. Gap. 31.

thereby granted; which Money dill remains due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Acts be further continued, and certain of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: May it therefore p'ease Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Former Acts assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, continued. and a|| an,j everythe Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained (save and except such Parts of the lame as relate to the Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such Parts thereof as are varied, altered, or repealed), and also this present Act, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, and shall extend and have relation to the repairing, amending, and widening the said Roads, and to all Matters and Things in the said recited Acts contained, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said Additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of ail Monies now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts or either of thrm, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

Appoimment IT. And be it further enacted, That Sir John Atlon Baronet, Richard Trustees.0"*1 Ferdinand A cl on, William Angeworth Junior, Jeremiah Baker, Gre-j Edward Boulton, John Beale, John Ball, Thomas Ball, Thomas Barns.eid, Thomas Barnfield Junior, Ralph Browne, Wylde Browne, Thomas Baker, Sir Edward Blount Baronet, Edward Blount, Thomas Boulton Junior, George Blount, Beriah Botfield, John Barker, Thomas Bcdenham, Richard Collins, William Lacon Child, Thomas Compfon, George Compfon, John Crowe, Thomas Clare Cherington Davenport Clerk, Richard Dallewy, Thomas Devey, David Davis Clerk, Robert Edwards Clerk, Richard Edwards, George Edwards, Fieldhou/e, Edward Farmer, John

Ford, Edward Gattacre, Edward Gattacre Junior, William Goodwin, George Gitton, Thomas Hall, Julian Hall, George Hanbury, Roger Haslewood, Charles Head, Francis Hat tan, Wdliam Hardwich, William Hardwich Junior, Stephen Izod, John Lloyd, Lionel Limpet, Thomas Mofcs Lysler Clerk, William Macmichael, JoJ'eph Milner, John Milner Junior, Thomas Milner, Joseph Morris Clerk, Richard Mountfort Clerk, Richard Nott, Thomas Nichols, Humphrey Oakes, George Oldbury Junior, Matthew Pil-kington Clerk, Edward Parry, Joseph Proud, Francis Peirpoint, Thomas Pardee, William Pur ton, Thomas Rawlings, John Summers, Joel Shuttle-wood, John Smalman, Joseph Sparkes, Shcrington Sparks, John Stephens, Thomas Skelding Junior, William Skelding, Henry Skelding, Thomas burner, Thomas Whitmore, Francis Woof, Charles Watkins of the Rock, John Watkins, John Watkins junior, John Woodvjard, Edward Walt, and Thomas Tarrantcn, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner by the said recited Acts, or One of them, directed, are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees nominated or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying-the huJ~ 7 - said

479

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 31;

f-iid recited Acts and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions.

III. And whereas the Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by Former Tnii. virtue of the Did recited Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of ^{(er^anted* His present Majesty, are insufficient for the Purpose of maintaining and supporting the said Roads, and other Expences attendant thereon; be it therefore enacted, That the Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and instead thereof the several Tolls and Duties followinglhali be demanded and taken at the several Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, or Mule, or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Carriage, of whatsoever Name or Description, the Sum of Four-pence Half-penny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, or other Bead of Burthen, laden, or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Halfpence i For eveay Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Sixpence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Provided always, That no such Tolls shall be demanded or taken at any Gate or Gates erected or to be erected on such Part of the said Roads as leads from the Turnpike Gate at Abbcrley Hill to Poulten, or in the Road from Glazely through Oldbury to Bridgenorth, more than Once in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) for or in respect of the fame Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, passing through all and every such Gate and Gates.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Toll, may bt and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are variert-hereby empowered at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice in Writing signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees shall be given, by affixing the lame on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be danding in the said Roads, from Time to Time co lessen or reduce all or any Part or Parts of the Tolls granted by this Act, for and during such Time as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem right and proper; and afterwards at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to advance all or any of the Tolls lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or of any of them,

shall not have been paid and discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said rcc ted Acts and of this Act, or of any of them.

480

Increnfed Toll on Sundayt.

Gment Exemptions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Toll Gatherers or Collectors on the said Roads, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday NighO in each and every Year, to demand and take, for and in respect of every Horse, Bead, and other Cattle whatsoever, passing through any Gate or Turnpike upon the said Roads, or any of them, the Sum of One Halfpenny in addition to the Toll or Sum which may be demanded and taken for the fame respectively on any other Day by virtue of this Act. belore such Horle, Bead, or other Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Scones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Coinpod, or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lends, or for any other Thing employed in the Management cF any Farm or Lands (Lime excepted J; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Padure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being lhded, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Miniderial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority 10 be celebrated j or for any Hurfe, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmader G ne-ra\ either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Carr, Cattle, or Bead, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafles, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Salop or Worcester, or of any Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Town of Bridgnorth, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded j

481

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

and if any Person or Person shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Li- Gate-trM^frj, tigation, shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the c Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom- Penalty m soever shall obstruct: or hinder the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said i ^Jeort'&c Roads, or any Person or Persons employed by him or them from dig- in^ttingitfa-ging for, gathering, or collecting, or gathering any Gravel, Sand, teiial* Stones, or other Materials, in any Place or Places where he or they are empowered to dig for, gather, or collect the lame, or shall take away any

Gravel, Sand, Stones, or other Materials, which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, or Waffe Grounds for the amending of the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or shall get or take away any Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall have disconiinued working therein for Six Weeks fexccpt the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Tolls arising from all Enabling or any of the Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads, ,a'kut.

shall at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, be de- of Toll Ho,tf« mifed or let to farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Lef- JJ^,letto fee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Ternas and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid, pursuant to the Agreement for letting the fame, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or of any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Possession of the Toll House or Toll Houses, with the Buildings, Weighing Machines, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, so let as aforesaid, and to remove and put out such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable; and that thereupon it shall [Loc. & Per.3 6 F 1 and

4^2 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 3r.

snimiy be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them* (it they shall think fit), to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, apd the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever (save as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved) as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case, to demise or let to farm the said Tolls-again to any other Person or Persons, or eaule them to be taken and collected, as if no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into relative theieto.

frusteei may X. And, for the more speedy raising such further Money as maybe borrow Mo- ncCC‘JJijj'y for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at I/Uereft such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hand* and Seals to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected or to be erected on the said Roads (the Charges of such Assignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Re-payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time bting; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

MortMEe* RY Virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Sc/ forth the Title of

tbit A£T\y We whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seals affixed . (being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act) in Consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Roads in Hand

paid by A.B. Do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto the said

A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Propor-

tion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and also of the Turn-

pikes and Toll House3 for cohering the fame, as the said Sum of

‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Suin charged or advanced, or to ‘be charged or advanced on the Credit of the said Act, to be had and

holden from this Day of in the Year of

‘ our Lord for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with Interest'after the Rate of

1 per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given ‘ under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in

the Year of our Lord

*>» y ioM edt lo iisqlai rn cp., oi , r jV,

CoPi« of And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a

beeiinf'd.'° B°°k or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said

44° GEORGII III. Cap. %t. 483

said Trustees, and futih Book or Books shall and may at all feafotisible Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgage* or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Fornl aforesaid, and the Mortgages or Assignments which were made in the Manner and Form prescribed by the said recited Acts, shall be and be deemed to be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all.Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments respect Tran«f«r o( tively, have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be Mor'gag*-entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured* may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Int.e-rell, to the Principal and Intefeft Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following;

' ' .7*rt

4 r A- B. being entitled to the Sum of secured to Form of

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue T‘an!’ r‘

of a Mortgage or Assignment, bearing Date the Day of

‘ under the Hands and Seals of of the

Trustees acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament, made itl the For-‘ ty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [$rf ‘ forth the Title of this Act'J, or made in the Third or Twenty-third Years

ol the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [Set forth the Title of the said recited Acts, as the Case may be], upon the Credit of the said «Ad: Do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame,

‘and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and owing thereon,

unto C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord -

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified, to the Clerk Notice of to the said Trustees, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made theredf, cotl- clerk in Three taining the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the fathe shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and kftfer such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their'Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall noc be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer to make void, release, cr discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Parc thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers, shall be made as aforesaid (as well such Mortgages or Assignments made by virtue of the said recited Acts, as of this present Act

Ihill be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toil Houses, in equal Degree, one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assign-m«ms.

484

Application of Compilation, if amounting to *ao/

Application oliCorapen-frtton, ifless than *00l. and exceeding %o/.

44° GEORGII 111. Cap. 31.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Hu (band, Guardian, Committee, o> other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Ideot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trod, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or H rediramenrs, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Eng-iand, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be Signified by an Order made upon a Peri-tion, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court Shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standirlg settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction ,nd Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lauds. Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like UfesJ Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in ih’e same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood, settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Etftft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Did Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Appli. ation thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the i urchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the "l ime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said r ands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hun-died Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the

Lands,

485

44° GEORGII III. Cap: jii

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, 6f of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under theft respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid* in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by any Five or more of the said l'rustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Att (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Cotlrt of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so Application of agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than ,eyjf uridtr°* Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to 10/.

the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Att, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idio cy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In else ofnot whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of making out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or of this Att, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of or if Perfom Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person cannot be or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be law- to be paid into ful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five of more of them, to order the Bank 1 the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid) to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accourlt-ant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments [deferibingtbeni] subject to the Order, Controul, and DHpo- fub|tfl to the fition, of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on Order of the the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or oh

Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and Motion oi is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as PttlUon-to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates.

Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and {Lee. €sT Per.} 6 G to

486

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to he paid, the Person who shall be m Post'ession of the Lands at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

to make such other Order in the Premises as the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or afe received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any C)ue(tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, lor the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or interefi, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or of either of them, or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The court of

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Dif-Chancery ra*y ability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled Poymen of to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Expence* to Authority of the said recited Acts, or of either of them, or of this Act, TriSteei^,h* Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

For plying Expencfs of the Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining this Act, shall be paid and defrayed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of any Monies collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or out of the first Monies to be collected or received by virtue of this Act, in preference to any other Payment whatever, in the like Shares and Proportions as the Costs, Charges, and

Expences

487

44° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 31.

Expences of obtaining and passing the said recited Acts, were thereby directed to be paid; and the said Trulteesi or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to order and direct the Payment thereof accordingly.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and after the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in Full Force and Effect for and during the Term of Twenty.one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrakaNj Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

[Publick Act.]

Limiting the Term of this Act.

>n

.1-. v';

ii L L..» ir trijupvi L.i. L. . l.

a \ . *J II 1 \ '

, :ii «> . i> 1 ,m ... , r’-< J

a 4* . ;:*> ’-i

» - I vf.ri 383, > H- :*. *«l

&X,) |' -. . J*

cr

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 32.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates of the Right Honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gere, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donnegall, which have not been disposed of by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectually raiseng a sufficient Sutn of Money for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances ajfecting certain Lands in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donnegall, the Estates of the Ri<rht ILoc.VKrl 6 M Honourable

49°

*5g. 1-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, and for the Payment of the Debts now due by them respectively, and for other Purposes.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectually raising a sufficient Sum of Money for dfcharging the Debts and Incumbrances assessing certain l-andt in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donnegall, the Estates of the Right Honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Suiilcy, and for the Payment of the Debts now due by them respectively, and for other Purposes, certain Manors, Castles, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Lands, Tenements, Chief Rents, Tythes, Fisheries, Fishings, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, were veiled in and settled upon the Right Honourable Barry Telverton, Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, now Lord Viscount Avonmore, the Right Honourable fames Cuffe, now Lord Baron Tyrawly, and Arthur Wolfe, of Newland’s Castle, in the County of Dublin, Esquire, One of His Majesty's Counsel learned in the Law, afterwards Lord Viscount Kilwarden, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the Trusts, and to and for the Uses and Purposes therein limited and declared concerning the same; and among such, upon Trust that they the said Barry Lord Viscount Avonmore, James Lord Tyrawly, and Arthur Viscounc Kilwarden, or any Two of them, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, and his Heirs, should, with all convenient Speed, by and with the joint Consent of the said Arthur Saunders Earl ot Arran, and Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, if living, or by and with the Consent of the Survivor of them, make One or mote Mortgage or Mortgages, or sell or dispose of the Manors, Caitles, Towns, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, thereby vested in them, or such Part or Parts, or so much thereof, as should be necessary to raise such Sum or Sums of Money as should be sufficient to defray the Expences of passing the said Act, and the Execution of the Trusts thereby reposed in them, and also such Sum and Sums of Money as should be sufficient to pay off and discharge such of the Debts and Incumbrances mentioned in a Schedule thereunto annexed, as remained unpaid and not satisfied, and all the Interest and Colls that should be then due, either entirely or in Parcels, as they the said Barry Lord Viscount Avonmore, James Lord Tyrawly, and Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, or any Two of them, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or his Heirs, and the said Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran and Arthur Saunders Gore Lord Viscount Sudley, and the Survivor of them, should think tic; and that the said Barry Lord Viscount Avonmore, James Lord Tyrawly, and Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, his Heirs and Assigns, should apply the Money which should be raised upon such Mortgage and Mortgages, Sale or Sales, and

- the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 32- 49r

the Purchase Money to be raised and gotten for the fame, and the Rents, and Profits of the said Premises, until such Mortgage and Mortgages Sale and Sales, should be made, in the first Place, in paying and defraying the Expmces of passing the said Act, and the Execution of the Trust* thereby repoled in them; and in the next Place, in Payment of all and every Debt and Debts, Incumbrance and Incumbrances, mentioned in the Schedule to the said a, £t annexed, as remained unpaid and not satisfied, together with all Interest due and to grow due thereon, and all Colls attending the fame: And as to, for, and concerning all and every the

RtfiJue and Remainder of the said Manors, Castles, Towns, Lands.

Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, which should not be sold for the Purposrs aforesaid, and as to the Equity of Redemption of such Part anti Parcels thereof as should be mortgaged for the Purposes aforesaid, in trull, for and to the Use and Behoof of such Person and Persons as would be entitled to the fame, and subject to such Charges and Incumbrances as the fame would be subject to if the said Act had never been made; and to and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever: And whereas the said Barry Lord Viscount Avonmore, and Arthur Lord VII'count Kilwarden, Two of the Trustees named in the said Act of Parliament, in pursuance of the Trulls reposed in them, fold several Parts ot (he Lands and Hereditaments comprized in the said Act, and applied the Money arising by such Sales, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; but the said James Lord Tyrawly, one of the Trustses named in the said Act, refuses to ad in the Trull thereof: And whereas the said Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden lately departed this Life: And whereas the Trulls of the said Act of Parliament have not yet been fulfilled; and by the Dereale of the said Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, and the Refusal of the said James Lord Tyrawty to ad therein, the Trulls of the said recited Act are suspended, and cannot be carried into Execution; and it is therefore necessary that new Trustees, together with the said Barry Lord Viscount Avonmore, should be appointed for carrying the Trulls of the said Act into Execution; bur, as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjrds, the said Arthur Sounders Earl of Arran, and Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and w th the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that and those such Part and Parts of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprized in the said recited Act, which have not been sold or disposed of for the several Purposes mentioned in and by said recited Act, and all Sum and Sums of Money arising from the Trulls of said Act, shall be and the fame is and are hereby veiled in and settled upon the said Barry Lord Viscount Avonmore,

The Honourable and Right Reverend Father in God Charles Lord Bishop of Killaloe and Kilfenora, and Thomas Robert Underwood Esquire, and their Successors, in Trust, and to and for the same Uses, Intents and Purposrs, and under and subject to the fame Provisoes, Conditions, Limitations, and Restridior.s, as aie mentioned, expressed, and declared, of and concerning

492 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

cerning the fame, in and by the said recited Act of Parliament; and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Barry Lord Viscount Avonmore, Charles Lord Bishop of Killaloe and Kilfenora, and Thomas Robert Underwood, or any Two of them, and to and for the Person and Persons appointed in Manner herein directed a Trustee or Trustees in his or their room and (lead, and their Successors, or any Two of them, to act in the Management and Execution of the Trusts mentioned and declared in and by the said recited Act, as fully, freely, and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they h id been originally in and by the said recited Act nominated and appointed a Trustee or Ttuftces for the Purposes aforesaid.

New Trustees.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Ba ry Lord Viscount Avonmore, Charles Lord Bishop of Killaloe and Kilfenora, Thomas Robert Underwood, or any of them, or any future Trustee or Trul-tees to be appointed in the place and dead of them, or any of them, as herein-afeer ts provided, or the Successor or Successors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned of any such Trustee or Trustees, shall die, or desire to be discharged of and from the Trusts respectively reposed in them by this Act, before such Trusts shall be fully executed, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Arthur Saunders tail of Arran, and Arthur Saunders Gore, during their Joint Live', and after the Decease of either of them, then for the Survivor, and after the Decease of such Survivor, then for the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be beneficia ly entitled to the Puff, flionof, or to receive the Rents, l(Tues, and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in the said recited Act, and remaining unfold and not difpufed of by virtue of the Powers thereof, by Writing under his, her, and their Hands and Seals, to nominate, substitute, and appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the place and stead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desiring to be discharged as aforesaid; and when and as often as any new Trustee or Trustees shall have been nominared as aforesaid, and shall have been approved of by an Order of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, in a i'ummary Way, on Petition to that Court from the Person or Persons making such Nomination, all the Trusts, Estates, and Premises, which shall be then vested in the Trustee or Trustees !o dying or drfiring to be discharged as aforesaid, either foltly or jointly with any other Trustee or Trustees, shall be thereupon, with all convenient Speed, conveyed and affirmed in such Manner, and so that the same shall and may legally and effectually be vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees, and in fuih new or other Ttuftee3, or if there shall be no continuing Trustee, then in such new Trustees only, to the same Uses, and upon the fame Trusts, as in and by the said recited Act and this Act are limited and declared of and concerning the same Trust, Estates, and Premises, or such of them as shall be then subsisting, and shall be capable of taking Etfeft; and such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things aft and allift in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trusts to which they shall

493

44° GEORGII III. Gap. 32.

shall be so appointed, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers and Authorities, and to all Effects, Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, under the aforesaid recited Act and this Act, as if he or they had been originally nominated a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes for which such new Trustee or Trustees respectively shall be appointed a Trustee or Trustees.

IV. Provided always, and be it ens&ed, That neither the said Barry Lord Viscount Avon more, Charles Lord Bishop of Killaloe and Kilfenora, Thomas Robert Underwood, or any of them, or any future Trustee or Trustees to be appointed under the Powers herein contained, or any of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of them, or any of them, shall be answerable or accountable for any Money to be received by virtue of or under the Trusts reposed in them by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, otherwise than each Person for what he or they shall respectively receive; and that none of them shall be answerable for the other or others of them, or for the Acts, Receipts, Payments, Neglects, or Defaults of the other or others of them, but each of them for his own Acts, Receipts, Payments, Neglects, and Defaults only; and that they shall and may, by and out of the Rents, Issues, and Profits, Sum and Sums of Money, which shall come to his or their Hands by virtue of any of the Trusts aforesaid, retain to and reimburse himself and themselves respectively, all such Cofb, Damages, Charges, Payments, and Expences, as they, every or any of them, shall or may bear, pav, fuffain, expend, or be put unto, for or by reason or upon account of the Trusts reposed in shem by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or in or about the Management or Execution thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies to arise from the Sale, Mortgage, Rent, Issues, or Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, velted in the said 'l iuftees in ttuft, to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned and described, all the Coffs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be in the first Place paid and satisfied.

VI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their respective Heirs, Successors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, and their respective Heir<, and the Person and Persons excepted in and by said recited Act of Parliament) all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Intertfts, Claims, and Demands, of, in, to, or out of the said Manors, Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, hereby velted in them the said Barry Lord Viscount Avonmore, Charles Lord Bishop of Killaloe and KiU Jenora, and Thomas Robert Underwood, and their Successors as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or should, could, or might have had or erjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

6 I

Trustees answerable only foi their owa

A-is.

Costs of the Ait.

General

Saving;

[Lee. fcf Per.]

494

Act to be printeil by the King's Primer.

4.4* GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

[Publick Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and when so prin. ted, may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Justices and Judges whomsoever who shall take judicial Notice thereof in the like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Leavening in the Parish of Acklam in the East Riding of the County of York.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS there is within the Township of Leavening in the Parish of Acklam in the East Riding of the County of York, a certain Open and Stinted Pasture called the Wold, which contains about Three hundred Acres, and there are also certain Common and Waste Lands in the said Township which contain about Ten Acres: And whereas Digby Legard Esquire and John Lockwood, Gentleman, as Trustees under an Act of Parliament passed the last Session, for veiling certain Parts of the settled Estates of Richard Langley Esquire, in Trustees for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, are Lords of the Manor of Leavening aforesaid: And whereas Henry Forjler Mills, Clerk, is Chancellor of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter of York, and is also Patron of the Vicarage of Acklam aforesaid: And whereas John Simpson, Clerk, is Vicar of the Vicarage of Acklam aforesaid: And whereas the said Henry Forjler Mills as Chancellor as aforesaid, and the said John Simpson as Vicar as aforesaid, are respectively entitled to all Manner of Tithes, both Great and Small, growing, renewing, or arift. ing within the Township of Leavening aforesaid: And whereas the said Digby Legard and John Lockwood, as Trustees as aforesaid, are Lessees for Lives of the Tithes due to the said Henry Forjler Mills as aforesaid: And whereas the said Digby Legard and John Lockwood, as Trustees as aforesaid, \_Loc. id Per.] 6 K Elizabeth

49«

Commissioner.

Appointment of a

new Commissioner.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Elizabeth Dcaltry, Widow, the Heirs of John Bell Esquire, and Richard Kirby, Gentleman, and several other Persons are entitled to Rights of Common in the said Open and Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intiruled. An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions u/ually inserted in Acts of inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the everal Fa his usually required on the faffing of such Able: And whereas the said Open and Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands are so circumstanced, as to render the Cultivation and Management thereof, in their present State, inconvenient, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors thereof, and all Persons interested therein, if the said Open and Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests, and a Satisfaction made for the Tithes arising within the Township of Leavening aforesaid; but such beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Whitelock of Brotherton in the said County of York, Gentleman, and his Successors to be appointed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and he is hereby appointed, the Commissioner for dividing and allotting the said Open and Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands within the Township of Leavening aforesaid, and for carrying the several other Purposes of this Act into Execution, subject to the Regulations of the said recited Act, except in such Cales where the same are hereby varied or altered.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said William Whitelock shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, or become incapacitated to ad, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Henry h'orfter Mills or his Successors, Chancellors of the said Church, within Sixty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity, shall be made known to him by Notice in Writing from any One of the Persons interested in the said Open and Stinted Pal-ture and Common and Waste Lands, which he is hereby authorized to give, to appoint a new Commissioner not interested in the said inclosure, in the Stead of the said William Whitelock, and so as often as any Commissioner to be appointed in the Room or Stead of the said William Whitelock shall die, refuse, or become incapacitated to act; and every such Appointment of a new Commissioner shall be reduced into Writing and signed by the Person or Persons making the same, and every Commissioner so to be appointed and chosen shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution in all Respects whatsoever, as the Commissioner, in whose Place he shall have been so appointed and chosen, was inverted with by virtue of this Act; and in case no Appointment of a Commissioner shall be made by the said Henry Forster Mills or his Successors, within the Time aforesaid, then a new Commissioner, not interested in the said Division and Inclosure, shall be cholen in the Stead of the said William Whitelock by a Majority in Value of the Proprietors of or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds

hereby

499

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, who shall be present at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose within Fourteen Days next after the Expiration of the Sixty Days herein-before allowed to the said Henry Forjler Mills for the Appointment of such Commissioner as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and Notice of heis hereby required to give Notice in the Newspaper called th t York Com ant. Meetings, or in some other Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of Leavening aforesaid, and also in the Parish Church of Acklam aforesaid, upon some Sunday, immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed upon

the principal outer Door of the fame Church, of the Time and Place of the First and every subsequent Meeting for executing the Powers hereby, and by the said recited Act, vested in him, at lead Ten Days before any such Meeting shall be held (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), so as such Place of Meeting, whether by Adjournment or otherwise, do not exceed the Distance of Eight Miles from the Parish Church of Acklam aforesaid; and the said Commissioner shall and may adjourn the Meecing from Time to Time as he shall see Occasion, for the due Execution of this or the said recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or re Other No. quilite to be made and given by the said Commissioner, shall be so made rices, *>°« and given by Adveitisement in the said Newspaper called the York Cou- to be 2‘ven' rant, or in case the lame shall not be then published, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of York.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, or Interests, which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in or to the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or touching or concerning the respective Shares or Allotments which they or any of them ought to have of or in the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to examine intp, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in C3fe the said Commissioner shall, pOWer to upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection assess Cost?. or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to

him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think, reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Cods and Ciiarges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warranc under his Hand directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Cods

and

Commissioner to settle Disputej.

5oo

Allowing Parties to try their Rights by an Issue at Law

Determination of Commissioner to be final, if not objctled to or Action not brought.

If any of the Parties die. Proceedings not to abate.

Allotments for Stone and Gravel Pitt.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 33,

and Charges to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been fodistrained and fold, after deduding the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common o: Interest in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of York, and for that Purpose, the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought Upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next ascer the Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties fnajl differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cases j and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, then the said Commissioner shall, and is hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, That the Determination of the said Commissioner, touching such Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objtded to, or being ofcjeded to, the Party or Parties objeding not causing inch Action ac Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required to set out, allot, and award unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the Township of Leavening aforesaid, such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as he shall think necessary, as and for Public Stone Quarries and

Gravel

44° GEORGII III. 'Cap. 33. 5°*

Gravel Pits; and the fame Part and Parts, when set out, shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways within the same Township for the Time being, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioner shall by his said Awarddirettor appoint.

X. And, in order to the making an adequate Compensation to the said Allotment Henry Forfler Mills and his Successors, Chancellors as aforesaid, and the in Iieu of said Digby Legard and "John Lockwood, their Heirs and Assigns, as such LdTees as aforesaid, and to the said John Simpson and his Successors, m Vicars as aforesaid, for the Great and Small Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening, or payable within the Township of Leavening aforesaid (except as hereinafter excepted); be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required, previous to any Land being set out to be sold, as hereinafter directed to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Chancellor and the said Digby Legard and John Lockwood, as his Lessees as aforesaid, their Successors, Heirs, and Assigns, and unto and for the said John Simpson and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, for and in Lieu of all Tithes, both Great and Small, and all Compositions or other Payments in Lieu of Tithes, and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever, (except Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees,) arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening, or payable within the Township of Leavening aforesaid, according to their several and respective Interests in such Tithes, such Part or Parts of the said Open and Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be equal in Value to One Seventh Part of the said Open and Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands, and of the Ancient Inclosed Lands in the said Township of Leavening; and in case the Owners of any Messuages, Cottages, Garths, Gardens, Orchards, or Ancient Inclosed Lands shall not have or be entitled to any Right or Interest in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, sufficient to make such Satisfaction and Compensation for the Tithes of such their Messuages, Cottages, Garths, Gardens, Orchards, or Ancient Inclosed Lands, then the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to charge such Messuages, Cottages, Garths, Gardens, Orchard, and Ancient Inclosed Lands belonging to such Owners respectively, with the Payment by such Owners respectively of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be equal in Value to the Tithes thereof; and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied in or towards the Expences incurred in carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be recovered in like Manner as the Expences of obtaining this Act and carrying the fame into Execution, are herein directed to be recovered: Provided nevertheless, That in case the said Commissioner shall be of Opinion that Part of the Ancient Inclosed Lands of any such Owners should or ought to be set out for the Tithes of their said Messuages, Cottages, Girths, Gardens, and Ancient Inclosed Lands, in Lieu of any such T ithes, instead of having the fame charged with the Payment of any such Sum of Money as aforesaid, then the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby empowered to set out such Part of the said Ancienc Inclosed Lands as shall, in his Judgment, be equal in Value to the Land or Ground to be set out and allotted to the said Chancellor and Digby Legard 2nd John Lockwood as Lessees as aforesaid, and the said Vicar [£«. & Per.] 6 L respectively.

502

Application of Surplus ^doney.

Tithes to be payable until Allotments be made.

General

Allotment.

Leases at Rack-Rent to be void.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

respectively, as herein-before directed, in Lieu of the Tithes of the Messuages, Cottages, Garths, Gardens, Orchards, and Ancient Inclosed Lands of such Owner; and the Land so to be set out from any such Ancient Inclosed Lands shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed within the said Township by virtue of this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Surplus of such Money as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, such Surplus Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, and applied in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That until the said Division and Allotment shall be made, and the several Allotments shall be flaked out, in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, the said Chancellor and his Lessees, their Successors, Heirs and Assigns, and the said John Simp/on, and his Successors, shall respectively be entitled to, and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tithes, as they severally could, might, or ought to have received, in case this Act had not been passed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required in the next Place, to set out, alloc, and award, all the Residue of the said Open and Stinted Pasture and Common, and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the said Digby Legard and John Lockwood, Elizabeth Dealtry, the Heirs of the said John Bell, and Richard Kirby, and all and every other Person and Persons. Bodies Politic or Corporate, who at the Time of making such Allotment shall be entitled to any Right of Common or other Interest, in or upon the said Open and Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands, according to their several and respective Estates and Interests therein, and in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, as by the said Commissioner shall be adjudged and deemed to be a Compensation and Satisfaction for the several and respective Rights and Interests of each and every of the said Proprietors.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Lease now subsisting at Rack Rent of any Messuages, Cottages, or Scites thereof, entitled to Right of Common, or of Lands, to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, either alone, or together with any Lands, Tithes, and other Hereditaments, and every other Agreement, for any Time or Term therein, shall, from and after the Time the said Allotments shall be set out and made, or such subsequent Time as the said Commissioner, by Writing under his Hand, shall direct and appoint, cease, determine, and be utterly void; and the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, in every such Lease or Agreement, ftull have and receive, of and from his or their Landlord or Landlords, such Satisfaction as the said Commissioner shall ascertain as reasonable to be paid to him, or them on account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to ascertain or determine the Satisfaction to be made to any Lessee or Tenant upon the vacating any Lease or Agreement at Rack-Rent, wherein any Agreement whatsoever has been made between the Landlord or Landlords, and Tenant or Tenants, respecting the 'I'erms and

Conditions

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 5®3

Conditions to be observed and performed in case of any Division or Inclosure of all or any of the Lands and Grounds within the said Township, either by Authority of Parliament or otherwise: Provided also, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Parish, and Part in any adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack-Rent now subsisting, may be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease, and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish, the Lease of such last-mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs, Horses, Asses, No Sheep of Horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geese, shall be depastured or kept in any of Lambs to be the said new-intended Inclosures during the Space of FourteenYears from New'in- the Execution of the said Award of the said Commissioner, unless the Per- ci0fures <(ur-fons respectively so depafturingor keeping such Sheepor Lambs,or Horses, ing the Asses, Horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geese therein, do at their own Expence, ftaffhold the fame, or effectually guard and fence the Quickset Hedges, on ye"Js> unless any other Person’s Allotment adjoining to such Inclosures respectively, in Guard which Sheep or Lambs, Horses, Asses, Horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geese, Fences are shall be depastured and kept as aforesaid, so as to prevent any Damage or Put "? Injury being done to such Fences or Quicldets, by any such Sheep or Lambs, Horses, Asses, Horned Cattle, Pigs, or Geese; and the Person or Persons respectively depasturing or keeping the fame, as aforesaid, and neglecting or refusing to ftaffhold the fame, or guard the said Quickset Hedges, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, for every such Offence, which, when levied,

shall be paid to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township of Leavening for the Time being, and be applied by him, or them in the Amendment of such Highways.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, from and after No Cattle t» the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, turn or put, or be turned cause to be turned or put, or knowingly suffer to be turned or put, any of ("t0 the his, her, or their Sheep or Lambs, Horses, Asses, Horned Cattle, Pigs, or Koa s* Geese into any of the Roads, to be set out by virtue of this or the said recited Act, which shall be fenced on both Sides thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons whose Hedges, Fences, Crop, or Grounds shall be damaged thereby, or any other Person or Persons, to impound the fame; and every such Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence of which he, she, or they shall be convicted before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the East Riding of the County of York, (not interested in the Matter in question,) upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) forfeit and pay such Sum or Sums of Money from Time to Time, not exceeding at any One Time, the Sum of Forty Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings over and above the Sum estimated to be the Amount of the Damage to be sustained thereby, as the said Justice shall think just and reasonable; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so offending, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, at any Time within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence committed, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Conviction, Warrant, Distress, and Sale, to the Owner

504 44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

or Owners of such Goods and Chattels so distrained and fold; which Penalty or Penalties, when so recovered, shall be paid to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being, of the said Township of Leavening, and shall be by him or them applied in the Amendment of the Highways of the same Township; and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalty, with the Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders, Person or Persons liable to pay the fame respectively, to the Common Gaol of the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, or such Order as aforesaid shall be made, for any Time not exceeding Six Weeks, nor less than Fourteen Days, unless the said Penalty, with the Charges, shall be sooner paid; and that after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, the Herbage and Produce of all the Public Roads within the said Township of Leavening, which shall be fenced on both Sides thereof, and also the Herbage and Produce of the Ground so to be fee out as aforesaid, for getting Stone, Gravel, and other Materials for the Repairs of the Highways, shall be vested in the said Surveyor or Surveyors respectively, and shall by him or them be publickly let to the bed Bidder or Bidders, for the Purpose of Mowing only; and the Rents and Profits thereof shall be applied towards the Reparation of the several Highways within the said Township of Leavening, and shall be accounted for by the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township, annually, on or about the Tenth Day of October, at a Public Meeting to be called for that Purpose in the said Township of Leavening.

For indoling

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments which shall mens'oDhe ret ouc anc* a"otcec^ by virtue of this Act, shall be inclosed and fenced

other Pro- in such Manner, and the Fences shall be made and for ever thereafter

pHetors. maintained, supported, scoured out, and kept in Repair by and at the Expence of such Person and Persons as the said Commissioner shall direct or appoint in and by his laid Award.

Openings to

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Convenient Openings shall Fences for ‘n Fcnces of t*le feid Inclosures as the said Commissioner shall di-a certain left, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Time. said Award, for the Passage of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages through the fame, unless the said Commissioner shall sooner permit the same to be made up by the Person or Persons interested therein.

Expencer of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incident the Act, &c. to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of the surveying, by Sale'ct so nieafuring, planning, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby much of the directed to be divided and allotted, and of exonerating the Ancient Inclosed Open and Lands from Tithes as aforesaid, and of forming, making, and putting ture'af wlii~ 'n S00^ ant' sufficiertt Repair, the Roads and Highways to be set out and raisea luf- appointed under and by virtue of this or the said recited Act; and of the ficiemSum. preparing and enrolling of the said Award of the said Commissioner, and all other Writings or Instruments to be executed by the said Commissioner in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, and all other necessary Expences in, about, and concerning the Execution of this Act, which are not herein otherwise directed to be borne, paid, and defrayed, shall be borne,

paid

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

paid, artd defrayed by Sale of such Part or Parts of the said Open and Stinted Failure and Common and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed (the Allotment or Allotments for Tithes being first made thereout as aforesaid), as in the Opinion and Judgment of the said Commillloner will raise a Sum of Money sufficient to pay and discharge all such Charges and Expences , and the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and empowered to let out, and to sell and dispose of such Part or Parts of the said Open Lands accordingly, upon the Terms and Conditions, and afterwards to allot the fame in Manner directed in and by the said recited Act, and to apply the Purchase Money in defraying the Charges and Expences hereby directed to be paid and discharged by Sale of such Land, in such Manner and at such Time or Times as he shall think proper.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money to arise by the Ways and Means herein-before directed shall not be sufficient to defray all the Coils, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, then the Deficiency shall be made up by the several Persons ir.terelted in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and by the Persons interdled in the said Ancient Inclosed Lands in the said Township (other than and except the said Henry Forjier Mills as Chancellor as aforesaid, and the said John Simpson as Vicar as aforesaid), and shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and within such Time, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioner shall direct, nominate, and appoint.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, That all Cods, Charges, and Expences (exclusive of the said Award of the said Commissioner) attending the making of any such Exchanges or Partitions as may be made under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making the same, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner shall, by his said Award, order and direct; and that the said Proprietor-*, and their Attornies or Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they shall attend the said Commissioner at any Meeting or Meetings in pursuance of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments to be made to the said Vicar and his Successors in Lieu of Tithes as aforesaid, shall be for the first Time inclosed with an Outward Fence and Ditch, to be planted with good transplanted Quicksets, and be fenced with good and sufficient Pods, and three Rails, and with proper Gates where necessary, and where such Ring-Fence shall adjoin a Public or Private Road, such Polls and Rails shall be set up and affixed on the Outside of the Ditches by and under the Directions of the said Commissioner, at the joint Charges of all the said other Proprietors, to be ascertained and raised, or alfelTed or raised, by the said Commissioner, in the same Manner as the Costs and Charges of this Act are to be ascertained, raised, or assessed, as herein mentioned; and that such Part or Parts of the said Outward Fences shall for ever after be maintained and kept in Repair by the said Vicar and his Successors, on such Sides and Parts thereof as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint; and that the Allotments to be made to the said Henry Forfter Mills, and the said Digby Legard, and John Lockwood, his Leflces, their Successors, Heirs, and Assigns, in Lieu of Tithes, shall be inclosed in like Manner, by and under the Direction of the said Commis-

[Toc. id Per.] 6 M fionrr.

5°5

Deficiency (if any) to be made good by the Proprietors.

For paying Expences of making Exchanges and Partitions, &c.

Proprietors to pay their own Expences at Meetings.

Tithe Allotments. how, and by whom to be fenced.

5°6

Money advanced to be repaid with Imereft.

Comm'flioner’s and Surveyor’s Allowance.

Damages to be recovered for not keeping Fences, Scc. in Repair.

44.0 GEORGII in Cap. 33.

fioner, at the Costs and Charges of the said Digby Legard, and John Lockwood, their Heirs, and Assigns, and that the said Henry Forjler Midis shall not be subject or liable to any Charges or Expences under this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid by the Direction of the said Commissioner, from and out of the Money to be raised in Manner aforesaid for the Purposes of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the lame.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall be paid the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings, for every Day he shall travel or be necessarily employed and engaged from Home for the Purpose of executing this Act, or the Powers and Authorities hereby in him re-poftd, forhisjourney, Attendance. Labour, and Expences occasioned by the said Division and Inclosure, and the putting this Act into Execution j and that in case it shall be necessary to have an actual Survey and Admeasure-rnent of the said Open and Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands, and also of the Ancient Inclosed Lands, in the said Township of Leavening, then and in that Cafe the Surveyor appointed by the said Commissionef shall be paid after the Rate of One Shilling for every Acre of the said Open and Stinted Pasture and Common and Waste Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, and after the Rate of Eight Pence for every Acre of the Ancient Inclosed Lands and Grounds surveyed and admeasured in pursuance of this Act, as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for his Time and Trouble, and for all incidental Expences and Charges of him the said Surveyor in attending the said Commissioner, and in surveying, planning, and subdividing the said Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, and of surveying and planning the said Ancient Inclosed Lands.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons by whom any Roads, Hedges, Fences, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Sewers, Bridges, Gates, Stiles, or other Works and Improvements, shall be ordered or directed by the said Commissioner to be maintained, cleansed, and kept in Repair, or his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, shall neglect or refuse to maintain, cleanle, and keep in Repair the fame, or any Part thereof, for the Space of Twenty-one Days after Notice given by the Person or Persons aggrieved by any Default therein, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall be damaged or aggrieved thereby, to make Complaint thereof upon Oath before any One Justice of the Peace for the East Riding of the County of York aforesaid (not interested in the Matter in question), who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complainc in a summary Way, and for that Purpose to summon the Party or Parties so accused, or upon his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal to appear, except for some reasonable Excuse, to examine Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath every such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and thereupon to give Judgment accordingly, and condemn the Party or Parties accused in such Penalty or Penalties, Sum or Sums

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 5°7

of Money, from Time to Time (not exceeding at any One Time the Sum of Five Pounds), as he the said Justice shall think just and reasonable; and thereupon to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Penalty or Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, together with reasonable Costs, returning the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; which Penalty or Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money, when lo recovered, shall be paid to the Person or Persons so damaged or aggrieved as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the Award, said Commissioner in Manner directed by the said recited Act shall, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Execution thereof, be enrolled in the Public Register Office at Beverley in the said East Riding of the said County of York-, and the Register of the said Office, or his Deputy for the Time being, is and are hereby directed to cause the said Award to be enrolled in one of the Books used for enrolling Bargains and Sales of Lands in the said Office accordingly, and a true Copy (to be signed by the said Commissioner) of the Map or Plan annexed to such Award shall be also lodged at the said Register Office at the Time of the lnrolment of the said Award, and there kept for ever j and the said Award, together with the Map or Plan thereunto annexed, shall, immediately after the lnrolment of such Award, be put into and kept in a Tin Box, and be lodged for safe Custody in the Chest of the Church of Acklam aforesaid for ever, for the Inspection and Perusal of the several Persons interested therein, or their respective Agents, who shall be at Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, on Application for such Purpose, at all seasonable Times, and to make Copies or Extracts therefrom; and the said Register shall be entitled to such Fees for the lnrolment of the said Award, as he is entitled to for enrolling any Bargain and Sale; and the said Register or his Deputy, for the Time being, shall permic any Person or Persons whomsoever, from Time to Time, within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse the Inrolmenc of the said Award at the Register Office, and to inspect and examine such Copy of the said Map or Plan, paying for the same to such Register or his Deputy One Shilling and no more, and shall also, from Time to Time, upon Request to him made by any Person Or Persons whomsoever, cause a true Copy of the Whole or any Part or Parts of the lnrolment of the said Award to be made and written out from such Inrolment, and shall, from Time to Time, when requetied, certify the fame, under his Hand, to be a true Copy from such lnrolment; for which the said Register or his Deputy making the same shall be paid after the Rate of Sixpence per Sheet, reckoning One hundred Words to each Sheet and no more; and the said Original Award, or a true Copy of the lnrolment thereof, or any Part thereof so certified, under the Hand of the said Register or his Deputy, for the Time being, as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence in all Coutts whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Pro- Allotment* prietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be allotted, t0jjtorshav partitioned, or exchanged by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall f,g LandsT" hold their respective Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures or for &c. held un-different Estates, or under different Titles, the said Commissioner shall, der different

508

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Upon the Request of such respective Proprietors, by Writing under their Hands, ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of such Tenures for each of such Estates, and under each of stich Titles rel'peftively, and shall accordingly, in their said Award, fee out and distinguish distinct and several Allotments for such respective Supplement- Lands or other Hereditaments; and where from the Want of the ne-mJnfma" be ceRarY Information before the said Commissioner, or from any other executed^)- Cause,their Awardthaii omit discriminating.as herein-before is mentioned, the Commit- such different Titles and different Estates and different Tenures, and after sioners Cub- t|le making of the said Award, Request shall be made to the said Com-the^wand missioner, by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his, for supply- her, or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied by a fe-ing Omif- parate Instrument or Instruments, then and in every such Case the said Sons m cer- Commissioner is hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for tain a.es. fUppiying such Omission, and so far as that Purpose shall require, to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and aft as if the Award had not been made; and when he shall have obtained what he shall think sufficient Information, he is hereby also authorized, by any Deed under his Hand and Seal, to ascercain and distinguish the Difference of Tenures, Estates, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments in the same Manner as is hereby required, such Determination should be contained in the said Award; and every such separate Instrument, after having been duly executed by the said Commissioner, shall have the fame Effect as if it was contained in the said Award, and shall be delivered unto the Person or Persons upon whose Request the said Omission shall have been supplied, or the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in question shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioner, rood properly belong, for the Time being; and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in and about any such supplementary Instrumenc as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioner as aforesaid, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That once,at lead, in each and every Year, during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof), the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required, to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when lo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be referred to and laid before Robert Sinclair Esquire, Barrister at Law, to be by him examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Referee stated in ti e Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner.

XXIX. Provided always and be it further enacted, That in case the said Robert Sinclair, or any future Referee to be appointed as hereinafter is mentioned, shall die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as a Referee as aforesaid, before the Matters and Things to be done by virtue of this Act shall be fully performed, it shall be lawful for the Majority in Value of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby authorized to be divided and inclosed, assembled at a Meeting specially convened for

Commissioner to lay his Accountsbefore a Barrister.

In case of his Death, &c. another Referee to be appointed.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 509

that Purpose, by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Commissioner, to be affixed on the outer Door of the said Parish Church of Acklam, and also by Advertisement in the said Newspaper called the York Courant, or in forr.e other Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of Leavening aforesaid, Ten Days at the leaf! before the Time appointed for holding such Meeting, to appoint, by W’riting under the Hands of such Majority, some other fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Referee for the Purpose aforesaid, in the place and (lead of the said Robert Sinclair, or of such other Referee as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Charge or Item in such Accoontsnot Accounts shall be binding on any of the Parties interested, until the fame f° be *Jlnd-shall have been duly allowed by the said Robert Sinclair, or such other Re- !"*'V .* ‘ feree as aforesaid. Referee.

XXXF. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeaj think himselft herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioner are by this, or the said recited Act, directed to be final and conclusive, and also where Provision is made for Trial at Law as aforesaid), he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said East Riding of the County of York, within Six Calendar Months next after the Caule of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner, and to the Party or Parties concerned. Twenty Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices, not interested in the Premises, in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at bFeflminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid. "

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Saving of shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Manorial Digby Legard and John Lockwood, as Trustees as aforesaid, of, in, or to R'gh,>-the Royalties, Rents, Rights, and Services incident and belonging to the said Manor of Leavening, but that the said Lords for the Time being, and all Persons claiming or to claim under or in trust for them, shall at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Rights, Royalties,

Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, and all other Jurisdictions to the said Manor or to the Lords thereof belonging, in as full, ample, and [Lw. (a Per.] 6 N beneficial

5>o

General

Sarinn,

Pecbring me Aik Public.

w

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made.

XXXIII. Saving always. To the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, ("other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land or Compensation shall be made by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest and Property for which such Allotments or Compensations shall be made, and other than and except the Rights and Interests which are intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act,) all such Estates, Rights, and interests as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, and to, or in respect of the Paid Open and Stinted P.ifture and Common and Waste Lands, hereby directed to be inclosed before the Commencement of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed, in case the fame had not been made; but no Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors. Executors, or Administrators shall have Power to disti^rb any of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, or to vacate or make void any of the Orders or Determinations which shall be made by the said Commissioner, and which are declared, and expressed to be final and conclusive.

[Public Act.]

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed, may be given in evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 34.

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace, for the County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County.

[16th May 1804..]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicef-ter, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, and for that Purpose to afiefs and tax rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the Annual Rent or Value, all Estates within all and every the Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts, Hamlets, extraparochial Places and other Places within the said County of Leicester, for and towards the fame; with Powers for such Justices to collect and enforce the Payment of such Rate; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicester, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, lltall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to alfefs and tax every Pa-[Loc. isf Per. J 6 0 ' riflj.

Justices tc make an equal County Rate according to the Annual Rent or Va-lucof Estates-

514* 44° GEORGII 111. Cap. 34*

rish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place within the said County, rateably and in equal Proportions according to the Annual Rent or Value of all Estates within such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place respectively, in the Manner hereinafter mentioned.

The Return II. And, in order the better to enable the Justices of the Peace for on Oaih of the fai(j County of Leicester to assess and tax rateably and in equal Pro-0'":;, portions every such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extra or Value of parochial Place and other Place within the said County, be it further Ertates. enacted, That the Clerks to the respective Commissioner.-, and also the

Surveyors, Assessors, and others ailing in the Execution of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the Sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Proftssions, Trades, and Offices, or such of them as shall be competent thereto, shall and they are hereby required, from and after the passing of this Act, upon any Order, Warrant, or Notice, to them or any of them to be delivered, being signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Leicester for that Purpose, to make a Return or Returns in Writing of the total Amount of the Annual Rent or Value of all Estates within each and every Parish, Township, Liberty, Precind, Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place within the said County, charged or assessed, or liable to be charged or assessed to the Duty under Schedule (A.) of the said Act. as the fame Amount shall have been or shall be ascertained, charged, or assessed, by the Estimates, Ceriificates, Valuations, and Assessments, or otherwise, for the I’urpose of charging or assessing the said Duty for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of . pril One thousand eight hundred and five,"distinguishing therein each Hundred or Division, and also each Parish, Township, Liberty, Precind, Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place within such Hundred or Division; which laid Return shall be signed by such Clerk, Surveyor, Assessor or other Person respectively, in the Presence of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County; and the said Clerk, Surveyor, Assessor, or other Person respectively, shall also at the same Time veiify the fame upon Oath if required (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer); and the said Returns (being signed by such Two or more Justices, before whom the same shall be attelted on Oath and subscribed as aforesaid) shall be delivered by the said Clerk, Surveyor, Assessor, or other Person, to the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Adjournment thereof next after the passing of this Act.

When Ae HI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the Rates are >o said County assembled at their Epiphany General Quarter Sessions of the be made. Peace; to be holden as aforesaid next after the passing of this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall and they are hereby required to assess and tax every Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place within the said County, rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the several Amounts of Annual Rent or Value of all Estates within each and every such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place within the said } County

5 r5

44.® GEORGII III. Cap 34.

County, as the famt shall appear upon the Returns herein-before referred to, as directed and required to be made by such Clerks, Surveyors, Assessors, and others, of the total Amounts as aforesaid of such Annual Rent or Value within each and every such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct,

Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place within the said County, under the Authority of the said Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Clerk, Surveyor, Af- Penalty for fessor, and other Person making wiltul Default in any of the Matters re- Neglect. quired of them by this Act, shall for every such wilful Default forfeit a

Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom Complaint thereof shall be made, or of the Justices assembled at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, either on the Confession of the Offender, or on Proof by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses on Oath.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, rendering to the Offender the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such Justices, to commit such Offender to the common Gaol of the said County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding six Calendar Months, unless the Forfeiture and Charges be sooner paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the said County, to be applied in Aid of the Rates for the said County; and no Person shall be deemed incompetent to be a Witness for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, by reason of his paying or being liable to pay towards the Poor Rates or County Rates within the said County.

How to be

levied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Clerks, Surveyors, Assessors, or other Persons, shall make Default in making such Returns to the said Justices at their laid Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, or if it shall happen that notwithstanding the incurring of any Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on Account of such Neglect or Default, a Return as aforesaid for any Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place, shall not be made within the Time before limited for the making thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby required, either at the said Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions, or at some subsequent General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, or at any Adjournment thereof, to rate and assess each and every the Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, and other Place respecting which the said Clerks, Surveyors, Assessors, or other Persons, shall so neglect or make Default as aforesaid, for and towards the said County Rate, according to such Estimate of the just and fair Annual Rent or Value of the Estates within such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place respectively, as the said Justices shall be able to

In Cafe> where Returns are neglected to be made.Justices to make a Rate.

516 44° GEORGII 111. Cap. $4.

to procure by any other Means than the Returns which are by this Act required to be made as aforesaid, and to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the chief Constables and other Persons, within the several Districts and Uivisions in the said County, for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, collecting, and making the same, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and propeT; and that all such Allowances, Compensations, and other Expences as shall be thereby incurred, shall be by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicef-ier, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, charged upon the Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place respecting which the said Clerks, Surveyors, Assessors, or other Persons, shall so neglect or make Default as aforesaid, in Addition to their Proportion of the said County Rate, and to be collected and paid therewith.

For making VII. And, in order the better to enable the Justices of the Peace for a new Aflef- the said County of Leicester, from Time to Time to alfefs and tax rateably, ment at the according to the Annual Rent or Value, all Estates within each and every 2 " tuccefli've Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, and

Years. other Place within the Taid County of Leicester, for and towards the County Rate for the said County; be it- further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at the End of Twenty-one Years from the passing of this Act, and so from Time to Time at the End of every successive Twenty-one Years, in all Time to come if they shall judge fit, at their Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions assembled, upon Six Calendar Months’ previous Notice being given in the London Gazette, and in some one Newspaper printed within or usually circulated in the said County, if any such there shall be, to make a new Rate and Assessment upon each and every Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, and other Place within the said County, for and towards the County Rate for the said County, according to such Estimate or Return of the just and fair Annual Rent or Value of the Estates within such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, and other Place respectively, as the said Justices shall be able to procure from the like Returns, which are by this Act required to be referred to as aforesaid, or from or by any such other Ways or Means as the said Justices shall deem necessary or expedient for procuring an Estimate or Return of the just and fair Annual Rent or Value of all or any of the Estates within each and every Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, and other Place within the said County, and to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Chief Constables and other Persons within the several Districts and Divisions in the said County, for their Expences and Trouble in making, procuring, and collecting the fame, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper; and that all such Allowance, Compensation, and other Expences as shall be thereby incurred, shall be paid out of the County Rate for the said County of Leicester.

General

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

Appeal. think hinffelf, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be done in pursuance of this Act, or the Powers hereby given, he, she, or they, shall and may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace for the

5*7

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

the said County, at their next General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County next after any such Cause of Complaint shall arise, upon giving Ten Days Notice in Writing, stating the Cause of Complaint unto the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division wherein such Complaint shall arise; which Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame, and to give such Appellants or Appellant such Relief as in their Discretion shall appear fair and just.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish, Township, Liberty, freeing, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, or other Place in the said County of Leicester, where no Rate is or shall be made and collected for the Relief of the Poor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, to order and direct the Sum of Money which shall from Time to Time be assessed as or for the County Rate, upon such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place or other Place, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands therein, by such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers (to whom the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division shall give the Notice hereinafter mentioned for Payment of such Rate.) in such. and the same Manner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law directed to be rated or levied, which Sum so rated and levied shall be paid by such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division wherein such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, or other Place doth lie, within the Space of Ten Days after Demand thereof made in Writing, to be given to such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or Houses, by the said Chief Constable of such Hundred or Division, which Demand the said Chief Constable is hereby required to make at such Times as the said Justices of the Peace shall by their Order in Sessions direct; and in case such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so assessed, as or for a County Rate, after Demand made as aforesaid, such Chief Constable shall and is hereby empowered to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such. One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers so refusing or neglecting to pay the same as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lciccjier, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Money act'efled, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay such Sum before the same shall be so by him rated and levied as aforesaid, he, she, or they, may afterwards rate and levy the same, or shall and may be allowed and reirn-bursed the said Sum of Money by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands, within such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place or other Place, which any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County shall order and diretft, and shall be subject and liable to the fame Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof by Distress and Sale, in Cases of Non-payment, as are herein-before given to the Chief Constable.

How to Icy the Race in those Places where there is no Poof Ra:e.

518 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

How to levy the Rate in Places when not paid out of the Poor Rate.

X. And whereas it will he very inconvenient and oppressive to many Townships, Liberties, Hamlets, or Places in the said County of Leicester, that the Sum of Money wltich shall be assessed as or for the County Rate under this Act, should be paid out of any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor, where such Poor Rate doth not apply separately and distinctly to the Parish, Township, Liberty, Hamlet, or Place; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, if they shall think convenient, to order the Sum of Money directed to be assessed as or for the County Rate on any such Parish, Township, Liberty, Hamlet, or Place, to be paid by and levied on the Churchwardens, Overseers, or Petty Constables of or for any such Parish, Township, Liberty, Hamlet, or Place, in such Manner as the fame is herein directed to be paid and levied in Cases where no Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor; any Thing herein contained, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Powers of

XI. And be it further enacted and declared, That all the Powers and ii Geo. III. Authorities in and by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign continued, Qf pjjs jate King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the

more eqfily assessing, collecting and levying the County Rates; and all other existing Laws relating to County Rates, shall be and continue in full Force and Etfeft (except where altered by this Act) with respect to the said County of Leicester; and that all such Powers and Authorities shall be used and exercised in the Execution of this Act.

except when altered by this Act.

Expences of

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the said County this Act to of JeiCeJler shall be, and he is hereby authorized and required to pay and of the County ^ifeharge the C offs, Charges, and Expences, occasioned by the applying Rate. y for and passing of this Act, and also the Charges and Expences which shall be incident to and attending the collecting of the said Returns of the said Clerks, Surveyors, Assessors, or other Persons, and the making and arranging of the Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act: such Costs, Charges, and Expences, being first examined and allowed by the said Justicesat their General Quarter Sessions.

Limitation

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law shall be of Actions, brought or commenced, or any Proceeding had, against any Person, for any Thing done by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall have been given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Proceeding is intended to be commenced or had, therein setting forth the particular Causa of such Action or Proceeding, or after Tender of fuf-iicient Amends hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County of Leicester, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action shall be brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after Notice shall have been given as aforel'.tid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Cods of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

XIV. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give any Jurisdiction to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicester, over any Parishes or Places within the Borough of Leicester, which before the passing of this Act were subject to the Rates in the Nature of County Rates, imposed and assessed by the Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Leicester, but that the Jurisdiction of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicester, and of the said Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Leicester respectively, shall remain unprejudiced and unaffected by this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Public Act.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the Ring’s Most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

Justices of the Peace for the County not to have Jurisdiction in the Borough of Leicester.

, -

/V

yv

1 "t (lit i ilwii

- i' " ’ "

J Crj 1 1

d>

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 35.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the fforcester and Birtningham Canal Navigation to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the said Canal Navigation; and for amending the several Adds passed for making the said Canal Navigation.

[16th May, 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Tear of the jiG.j. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canalfrom, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worcester, whereby certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with such Person or Persons as they should nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seals, were incorporated and united into a Company so,r carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining the said Navigable Canal, passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, and were incorporated by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation," and by that Name were to have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, with such Powers as in the said Act are mentioned, and the said Company were authorized and empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Proportions as to them should seem meet and convenient, such Sum or Sums of [foc. ts? Per.] 6 Money,

II

I

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 3$.

Money, for making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, the Reservoirs, Feeders, Ways, Quays, Wharfs, Landing Places, and other Works and Conveniences to the iame belonging or requisite, as should be judged sufficient, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds (except as therein is mentioned); and the Money so to be raised is thereby directed to be laid out and applied, in the first Place, for and towards the Discharge of all Fees and Disbursements for obtaining the said Act, and for making the Surveys, Plans, and Ellimates incident thereunto, and all other Expences relating to the fame, and all the Residue of such Money, for and towards the making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, and other Purposes of the said Act, which said Sum of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as should be raised by the several Persons thereinbefore named, was to be divided into One thousand and eight hundred Shares, at a Price not exceeding One hundred Pounds, a Share, as therein is mentioned; and in case the said Sum of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds should be found insufficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, and other Works by the said Act authorized and directed to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating the reunto, then the said Company of Proprietors are thereby authorized to raise and contribute among themselves, in Manner in the said Act mentioned, any further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding the Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds; and in case the said Company of Proprietors should be desirous of raising the said Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, they are thereby empowered to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the said Undertaking, as to them should feeni fit and convenient, and to assign the Property of the said Navigation, and the Rates granted to the said Company of Proprietors by the said Act or any Part thereof, as a Security to any Person or Persons for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed; and for the Security of the Owners and Occupiers of the Mills on the Rivers Arrow and Rea in the said Act mentioned, the said Company of Proprietors are thereby required at their own Expence, immediately after the making of the said intended Canal over the River Arrow, to make and complete Two Reservoirs at the Places and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned; and also at their own Expence, immediately after the making of the said intended Canal over the River Rea, to make and complete Three Reservoirs at the Places in the said Act mentioned, for the Use and Supply of the said Mills on the said Rivers Arrow and Rea; and the said Canal being by the said Act proposed to be made within the Dillance of about One Mile of a Canal, made by virtue of an Act of Parliament of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, called The Droitwich Canal, which might occasion a Diminution in the Profits of the Company of Proprietors of that Canal; and the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation having agreed to make Compensation to the Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal Navigation for any Diminution in their Profits that might be occasioned by making the said Worcester and Birmingham Canal; it is by the said Act of the Thirty-first of His present Majesty enacted, That in case it should happen in any Year from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, that the Clear Profits of the Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal Navigation should not amount to Five Pounds per Centum

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 523

turn upon every Share in the said Navigation, considering every such Share to be of the Value of One Hundred and Sixty Pounds at the lead, the said Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation should, and they are thereby directed and required to make up such Deficiency to the said Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal Navigation, and so from Time to Time, as often as any such Deficiency should happen, and the said Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation are thereby also required, within Thirty Days next after the End of every Year, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to settle with the Company of Proprietors of the said Droitwich Canal Navigation the said Annual Compensation, and make up such Deficiency as aforesaid to the said Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal Navigation, in case it should happen that in the preceding Year the clear Profits of the Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal Navigation should not amount to Five Pounds per Centum upon every Share in the said Navigation, considering every such Share to be of the Value of One hundred and Sixty Pounds: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year 3S G. j. of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining " a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severn, near to the City of Worceder," whereby the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raise and contribute amongd themselves, in Manner in the said Act mentioned, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, or by granting Annuities, or by Mortgage of the Rates authorized to be collected by the fird herein recited Act, and by the Act now in recital, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of the said Acts, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and forty-nine thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine Pounds one Shilling and one Penny Halfpenny: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have Company proceeded in the making and completing of certain Parts of the said hare pro-Navigation and Works by the said recited Acts authorized to be made, and have expended therein not only the Whole of the said Sums of One e

hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, and Seventy thousand Pounds (save and except a small Part thereof, which through the Insolvency or Inability of some of the said Proprietors has not yet been paid), but have incurred sundry Debts, as well for Land set out or taken for the Use of the said Navigation, or the Works appertaining thereto, and for the Use of the said Reservoirs, as also for Materials, Utensils, and Implements used, and Labour performed, in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking, and for Compensation to the Company of Proprietors of the said Droitwich Canal Navigation, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and upwards, and there being an Arrear of One thousand nine hundred Pounds and upwards due to the Company of Proprietors of the said Droitwich Canal Navigation in order to make up such Deficiency of Compensation as aforesaid, and almod the Whole of the said Reservoirs yet remains unfinished, and which will cod the Sum of Seventeen thousand Pounds and upwards to complete and finish, and a great Part of the said Undertaking also yet remains unfinished, whereby the Public are deprived of the Benefit and Advantage formerly held forth to them, and the Subscribers of Shares in the said Undertaking are losing those Benefits

which

5z+ 44-° GEORG 11 III. Cap. 35.

Mandamus for making Reservoirs has been granted.

The Droitwich Canal Company have brought Actions to recover Arrears nf an Anneal Payment due to them.

Company unable to raise the Money wanted under the Powers of the fcrpier Acts.

which were expected to arise to them from the said Navigation: And whereas the Occupiers of the Mills on the River Rea, in the said first-recited Act mentioned, have applied to His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench at Westminster for a Writ of Mandamus to compel the said Company of Proprietors, at their own Expence, to make and complete the Three Reservoirs for the Benefit of the said Mills, at the Places and in Manner in the said Act directed to be made, immediately after the making of the said Canal over the said River Rea, and which Canal has been feme Time made over the said River; and the said Company of Proprietors of the Droitwirh Canal Navigation have commenced Actions against the said Company of Proprietors of the Worcejicr and Birmingham Canal Navigation, to compel Payment of the Arrears due to the said Droitwich Canal Company, and have obtained Judgment against the said Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation and the said Court of King’s Bench have granted a peremptory Mandamus against the last-mentioned Company of Proprietors, to compel them to make the said Three Reservoirs last mentioned, and which alone will cost the Sum of Nine thousand three hundred Pounds and upwards, all which said Debts and Sums of Money which the said Company of Proprietors are obliged immediately to raise for the Purposes aforesaid, ought to be raised and paid by the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal Navigation, rateably and in proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in the said Concern: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have hitherto found it impracticable to raise by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, or by the other Ways and Means in the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth of His present Majesty mentioned, Money for discharging their said Debts, making the said Reservoirs, or for carrying on the Works of the said Canal, and the said Company of Proprietors have no other practicable Means of raising the fame without the Aid and

"Former Acts Assistance of Parliament: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the defeflive. said recited Acts have in other Respects keen found inefficient and inconvenient, and it is requisite that the fame should be alteied and amended; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and C.onfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

to raise amongst themselves the Sum of 49,680/.

Authorizing present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it the Company shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized to raise, pay, and contribute amongst themselves proportionably and rateably, according to the Amount of the Sums of Money already advanced and paid by them, or which they are liable to pay in respect of their several Shares in the said Navigation, by or under the said first recited Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of i'oity-nine thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, which will be Twenty-seven Pounds and Twelve Sliiliings on each Share, and not more; and that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby required, at any General i-- lFemhly to be holden or convened agreeably to the Direction contained in the said first-recited Act or this Act, or for their Committee for the Time being, or any Five or more of such Commi tee, from Time to Time to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietor or Proprietors of a Share or Shares in the said Canal Navigation, in order to raise the said Sum of Forty-nine thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, in the Manner, and subject to the Regulations hereinafter mentioned; and that the Money so to be raised

shall

5 25

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

shall be applied to defray the Expences of applying for and passing this Act, and all Expences relating thereto; in Discharge of the Debts due and owing from the said Company, the Expence of making the said Reservoirs, and in paying the Compensation from Time to Time to be made to the Droitwich Canal Company, and the Expence of carrying on the said Navigation, and all other Works by the said recited Acts or either of them, authorized to be made or done, as such General Assembly or Committee from Time to Time shall judge necessary for that Purpose, so that no One Call shall exceed the Sum of Four Pounds Twelve Shillings for each Share in the said Navigation, and no Call be made at a less Distance than Four Calendar Months from each other, which Money so called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said General Assembly or Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act; and all and every Owners and Owner of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, and their Share and Shares, or Proportion of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place, and in such Manner, as shall be appointed as aforesaid, and of which Time and Place Thirty Days Notice shall be given, by publishing the fame in some one Worcester and one Birmingham Newspaper, or in any other Manner as the said Worcester and Birmingham Canal Company shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint; and all Executors and Administrators shall be and are hereby empowered to pay their respective Proportions of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of their Testators and Intellates respectively, and charge the same to the Accounts of such Persons’ Eliates and Effects.

II. And, for the better enforcing the Payment of such Calls, be it fur- Msnn,8j ther enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon whom any Call or enforcing Calls for Money shall or may hereafter be made under or by virtue of Pavmeni ea this Act, for or in respect of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, Calli-and who shall not have given Notice in Manner in this Act directed, of his, her, or their Intention of relinquishing any such Share or Shares, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Share or Shares of the said Money to be called for and raised by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after such Call or Calls shall have been made and published as aforesaid, then and in such Case all and every the Share and Shares of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to and for the Uses and Purposes hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that no Share or Shares of and in the said Navigation shall veil in or accrue to the said Company, until Notice in Writing thereof be given by the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company to the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling Floufe, or usual or last known Place of Abode, Thirty Days at the lead before such Accruer shall take place, and in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account of how much Money is due from such Person and Persons for his, her, or their Call or Calls, in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; and that such Share or Shares shall not be vested in the said Company, if the Owner or Owners [ Loc. & Per.] 6 R thereof

526

Company empowered to fell Shares that shall become vested in them by Default of the Owners not paying the Calls thereon.

44-0 GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

thereof shall pay up what shall appear by such Statements to be due^ together with Intevefl on the fame, and all Expences attending the applying for the lame, within the Time l’pecified in such Notice; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares of the said Undertaking.shall by virtue of this Act have become vested in the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, or their Committee for the Time being, or any Two or more of such Committee, and they are hereby empowered to authorize and direct the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company to fell by public Auction to the belt Bidder, at such Time and Place as the said Company, or their Committee shall direct (of which Sale Twenty Days Notice at the lead shall be given by publishing the fame in the London Gazette, and in one Worcester and one Binning-ham Newspaper); and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, or any Two or more of the said Committee, to assign and transfer the Share or Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters, or such and so many of the said Share or Shares as the said Company or their Committee shall from Time to Time find necefliiry and direct, in order to make good the Deficiency or Deficiencies of such Defaulter or Defaulters who shall not pay his, Iter, or their Call or Calls pursuant to the Directions of this Act, unto such Person or Persons as shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and to receive and give Receipts for the Money agreed to be paid or given for such Share and Shares, and such Alignment and Transfer shall be good, valid and effectual, against the Owner and Owners of every such Share or Shares, so vested in the said Company, and sold as aforesaid, and all Per-> Tons claiming under him, her, or them: Provided also, that in case the Money produced by Sale of any such Share or Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay any such Arrears as aforesaid, the Surplus arising from such Sale, after Payment of all Arrears of Money due thereoD, shall be paid on Demand to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged: Provided always that no such Share or Shares shall be fold, or advertised for Sale, until the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been given by the Clerk of the said Company to the Owner or Owners thereofj or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or usual or tail known Place of Abode, in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account how much Money is due from such Person or Persons for his, her, or their Call or Calls, in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking: Provided also, that the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, shall not, by virtue of this Act, at any Time or limes, fell or transfer any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters than shall be sufficient at the Time of such Sale to pay the Arrears of Calls of such Defaulter or Defaulters, and the Interest and Expences attending the fame; and from and after Payment of all and every the Call or Calls to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Interest and Expences as aforesaid, any Share or Shares velted in the said Company ot Proprietors as aforesaid, which shall remain in their Hands unfold, shall revert to and again become the Property of

4+' GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

S27

the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor or Shares may Proprietors of any such Share or Shares, or Executors, Administrators, te Guardians, or Trustees of any such Proprietors, or any Mortgagee of such ' an Shares, shall within Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act,

give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company, of his, her, or their Intention of relinquishing any such Share, then and in such Case such Share shall not be forfeited or verted in the said Company by the Nonpayment of any Call, but such Shares shall, within One Calendar Month after such Notice, be sold by public Auction to the highest Bidder; and the Monies arising from such Sale, after deducting the necessary Charges and Expences attending the fame, shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom the Share or Shares so fold shall have belonged.

V. Provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted and declared. The Com-That nothing in the said recited Acts or either of them contained, shall pany not to empower the said Company of Proprietors to sue for any Call or Calls fuefg0fe^alls for Money, directed to be made by virtue of this Act, or to forfeit or

declare forfeited any Share or Shares on Nonpayment of any such Call or Calls, or in any Manner to recover or enforce Payment of the fame, other than by felling such and so many of the Shares of the said respective Proprietors as shall be necessaTy for the Purposes, and under the Regulations, and according to the Tenor, true Intent and Meaning of this present Act; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors may have already Company purchased, or may hereafter purchase Land or Buildings, not necessary to empowered be made use of for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act; tofell Ground be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to fell any such Land or Buildings, and by Writ- ^ofesof this ing under their Common Seal to convey the same to the Purchaser or and the said Purchasers thereof, according to the Form prescribed in the said recited Actli.

Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign for the Conveyance of Lands to the said Company, or to the like Effect; and every such Sale and Conveyance shall be valid and effectual, and the Money arising the reby shall be applied for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- person, pany of Proprietors, before they shall fell any such Land or Buildings, whole L»nd« shall first offer to re-sell the same to the Person or Persons from adjointohave whom they shall have purchased such Land or Buildings; and in case the prese' such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or rence'

shall reful'e to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Land or Buildings shall lie, by some Person or Persons noways interested in the said Land or Buildings, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the

528

The Compeny empowered to pur-chife Land for building Warehouses.

For describing the Head of the Canal.

Punishing Persons trading the Tonnage Rates.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Company of Proprietors shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner directed by the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Company of Proprietors in pursuance of the said Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in the like Manner as by the said Act directed, with respect to such Purchase made by the said Company of Proprietors, mutatis mu. landis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Company of Proprietors of such Land or Buildings as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to erect or otherwise provide any Warehouses or other Buildings for the depositing or keeping any Goods, Merchandize or other Things carried or conveyed, or intended to be carried or conveyed upon the said Canal at any Distance from the same, which they shall judge necessary or convenient; and for that Purpose the said Company of Proprietors may and are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase, lease, or hire any Ground or Buildings, where they shall think proper for the Purpose aforesaid, and also for getting Clay and making Bricks for the Use of the said Canal and Works, provided the Owners and Proprietors of, and other Persons interested in such Ground or Buildings, and the Guardians, Committees, or Trustees of such of them as shall be under any Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves, shall be consenting to fell or lease the fame (and which Consent they are hereby respectively empowered to give) but not otherwise.

IX. And whereas Doubts may arise on the Construction of the said first recited Act, as to which End of the said Canal is intended to be called the Head thereof, whether at the Town of Birmingham, or the Entrance thereof into the River Severn, near the City of Worcester; be it therefore enacted and declared, That the Head of the said Canal shall be deemed and taken to be at the Town of Birmingham, at, or from the Bank or Bar which separates the fame from the Birmingham Canal.

X. Provided likewise, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That if any Act or Thing whatsoever shall be done in order to or with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties made payable to the said Company of Proprietors of the said Worcester and Birmingham Canal; every Person doing or causing to be done any such Act or Thing, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors of the said Worcester and Birmingham Canal, for every such Offence, any Sutn not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Three Pounds, and also the Amount of the Rates or Duties which would have been payable to them, if such Act had not been done.

5a9

44° GEORGII III.* Cap. 35.

XI. And whereas by the said first-recited Act the said Company of Proprietors are directed to hold Two General Assemblies in every Year, alternately within the City of Worcester and Town of Birmingham, for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth' Year of His present Majesty it was enacted, That there should be only One such General A flembly: And whereas it is deemed expedient, on account of the great Number of Proprietors in the said Concern, to hold Two General Assemblies in every Year; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Company of Proprietors shall hold Two General Assemblies in every Year for carrying the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, the next of which General Assemblies shall be holden at the Hop Pole Inn, in the said City of Worcester, on the First Tuesday in July One thousand eight hundred and four, and the succeeding General Assembly shall be holden at Styles’s Hotel, in the said Town of Birmingham, on the First Tuesday in January then next ensuing, and all the future General Assemblies shall be holden alternately- within the City of Worcester and Town of Birmingham, at such convenient Houses therein respectively, as the said Company of Proprietors shall at their respective General Assemblies appoint; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Acts passed in the Thirty-first and Thirty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every Glause, Article, Provision, Matter, and Thing, therein contained, except such and so many of them, or such Parts thereof as are altered, varied, explained, or amended by this Act, shall extend and be applicable to this present Act, and the Powers, Provisions, and Directions hereof, so far as the same are compatible herewith.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts of the Thirty-first and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Purposes thereof, or of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Fane Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any other Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte " The Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation,'* together with the Name or Names of such ferson or Persons, as Three of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts of the Thirty-first and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and this Act, shall by Writing under their Hands direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands

JjLec. & Per.] 6 5 or

Two General Assemblies of the Company to be held in each Year.

Former Acts to be extended to this Act»

Application of Compensation Money, when amounting to 200l.

530 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trurts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efftft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant Genetal, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidited or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and ;n the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be'paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Applic?t'on where rr.e Comper,-lacion is less than zcol and exceeds so/.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as atore-(aid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, ar the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so pui chafed, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their rTptctive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be1 applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction ot Approbation, of the Court of Chancery.

Application when the IVioney is less than 20/.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be leis-than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the LaftdS or Hereditaments- fa purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Act arid this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her*

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 531

or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or

any fart thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby em- -

poweTed, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as, to the fame or Petitioe. Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in

the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the fetid Court shall feemjp/t and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, ft and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any wj,fre g,y Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Question Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the lb*11 arise Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance xitUu^the* of this Act, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of Money to be such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof such paid, the Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Person who Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession p^f of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been law- tj,e Lands, fully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, accord- &c. shall be ing to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction deemed en* of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such to’such Pof-Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless fe(Gon,unlef* it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrong- 11 be a

ful Possession, and that Tome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

In case of nof making out Titles;

or if Person* cannot be found, Purchase Money to he paid into the Bank

subject to the Order of the Court of Chance y, on Motioiti

532

TheCooit of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company.

44° GEORGE I. Ilf. Cap. % 5.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, the Purchase Money whereof shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase "of other Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Expirees of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of ob-obtaining taining and passing this Act, and of making the Survey's, Plans, and this Act, how Estimates incident thereto, and all other Colls, Charges, and Expences to be paid. concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, out of any Money already raised or received, or out of the first Money to be hereafter raised or received, by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

[Public Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty, 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEQllGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 36.

An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts passed in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, and the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith; for paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a New Publick Market therein.

[16th May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth 33 *-* 2. Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer brewed for Sale, or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and 22 G. 3. Powers of an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, ‘An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith :* And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have caused the said Duty to be regularly collected and applied in repairing and lighting the Streets of the said Town, and supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water, and for other Public Services for the Benefit of the said Town \ but the fame cannot be fully accomplished unless the said Duty, now near expiring, be continued for a further Time: And whereas there has been long established, in the said Town, a public Market for Corn, Cattle, and all Sorts of Produce, which has been hitherto held in the principal or High Street, to the great An-\Loc. if Per.3 6 T noyance

534

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

noyance.of the Inhabitants, and Persons resorting thereto; and it would greatly promote their Ease and Comfort, and encrease the Trade and Prosperity of the said Town, if Powers were given to remove the Public Market from the said Street, to purchase Ground, and to erect thereon Market Places and Buildings for the sale of Com, Cattle, Meal, Butchers’ Meat, Fish, Vegetables, and all other Provisions and Commodities, and to regulate the said Market Places, and the Conduct of Persons using the fame; and if further and other Powers were given to the said Trustees, for paving, repairing, cleaning, and lighting the said Streets, and removing all Obstructions and Nuisances therefrom, and from the Lanes and Passages in the said Town and Parish: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kino’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Former A£U and by the Authority of the same, That the Inposition or Duty chargeable continued. an(j made payable by the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of hig late Majesty King George the Second, upon all Ale, Porter, or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended within the said Town and Parish of Dalkeith, shall, from and after the Expiration of the said Act of the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, be further continued, raised, levied, collected, and paid to the Trustees hereinafter named for the further Term hereinafter mentioned, and be applied for paving, repairing, cleaning, and lighting the Streets of the said Town, and supplying the Inhabitants with Water, for purchasing Ground, and erecting Public Markets thereon, and for other public Services for the Benefit of the said Town, and that the said Duty shall be levied and received by the fame Powers and Authorities, and according to the same Rules, Methods, and Directions, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are prescribed, mentioned, and expressed in the said first recited Act; and that the said Act, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be of full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for railing, collecting, securing, and levying the said Duty within the said Town and Parish, and for the other Purposes therein, and herein mentioned, for and during the said new and additional Term hereby granted, as fully as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated, expressed, and contained in the Body of this present Act, except in so far as the said first recited Act is hereby altered, explained, and amended.

New Truf-

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, tees appoint- William Tait Esquire, of Pirn, Chamberlain of the Lordship of Dalkeith, td‘ or the Chamberlain thereof for the Time, John Alves Esquire, Hector

Ditkefon, David Crichton, John Wilson, Alexander Briggs, William Otto, and Charles Elliot, Merchants; Charles Saunderson Builder, David Hutcheson of the Iron-Mill, Samuel Watson and James Cleghom Portioners, Hugh Watson Writer to the Signet, Ebcnczer Belt Rector of the Grammar-School, and Walter Smith Saddler in Dalkeith, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for managing, conducting, and carrying on the public Works and Services by the said first recited Act, and this Act, directed to be made or done in the said Town and Parish of Dalkeith, and for levying, collecting, and receiving the said Duty, with the fame Powers and Authorities, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as the Trustees appointed by the said first recited Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

535

III. And be it enacted, That before any Ale, Porter, or Beer, shall be For prevent-sent into the said Town or Parish of Dalkeith, the Brewer, or Person fend-

ing the fame, shall give Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing to the Col- to tfe Town, leclor of the aforesaid Duty, of the Time when any such Ale, Porter, or without giv-Beer, is intended to befo sent, and the Quantity thereof; and after giving *nK Notice, such Notice, shall fend along with the Cart, or other Carriage conveying such Ale, Porter, or Beer, a Certificate, specifying his Name and Place of Abode, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom the fame is intended to be delivered, and the Quantity thereof: And if any Ale, Porter, or Beer, shall be sent into the said Town or Parish, without the Duty being paid, or Notice given as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors of the said Duty, or any other Person authorised by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to seize such Ale, Porter, or Beer, and the Bottles, Barrels, or other Vessels containing the fame, and also the Horse or Iforfes, and Cart, or other Carriage conveying the fame; and such Ale, Porter, or Beer, with the Bottles,

Barrels, and other Vessels, are hereby forfeited to the said Trustees, who shall sell and dispose thereof, and apply the Produce to the Purposes of the said hrft recited Act, and this present Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Truf* Commorr tees, or any Three or more of them, to cause common Sewers, Drains, and Sewers may Water Courses, to be made in the said Town and Parish, and to be con- be dueled through any Court, Close, Lane, Yard, or other Place which shall be most convenient for carrying off the stagnated Water or Filth from the Streets; the said Trustees paying the Proprietor or Proprietor* of such Court, Close, Lane, Yard, or other Place, the actual Damage thereby incurred.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Scavengers

Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at all Times, to contract with may be em*

or employ Scavengers, or other Persons, to clean and sweep the Streets, t|° Lanes, Closes, and other Avenues and Places, in and about the said Streets. Town (excepting the Foot Pavements, which are to be cleaned and

swept in manner hereinafter directed), such Lanes, Closes, and Places, being public Thoroughfares, and belonging to, or inhabited by, more than one Person or Family j and to order to be removed and carried

from thence all Soil, Dirt, Allies, and Filth, to such Place and Places as they shall appoint: And that it shall and may be lawful for them to sell or dispose of such Soil, Dirt, Ashes, and Filth, and to apply the Produce to the Purposes of the said first recited Act, and of this present Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, who shall Occupiers of occupy the first Floor, and, if not occupied, then the Occupiers of the Hoofes to upper Floors of any Tenement, Dwelling-House, Warehouse, Cellar, ^can F,ot Shop, or other Building adjoining to or fronting the Foot Pavements 1 :"ennents made, or to be made in the said Town and Parish, shall cause the Pavement along the Front of their respective Premises to be swept, feraped,

and cleaned once every Day (Sundays excepted), between the Hours of Six and Nine in the Morning; and if they fail so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order such Occupiers to pay a Sum, not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence; and in Cafe any Dispute shall arise

among

53

Penalty for drawing Sledges, &c. on Foot Pavements.

Persons wheeling Dung over Foot Pavements todean the same.

Water to be conveyed from the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

among such Occupiers, relative to such Sweeping, Scraping, and Cleaning, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall determine the fame summarily; and where any of the said Occupiers shall sweep, scrape, and clean such Foot Pavements, he, she, or they shall have Relief against all the other Occupiers of the several Floors of such adjoining or Front Houses, Warehouses, and Buildings, for a Proportion of the Expence of so doing, corresponding to the Rents of their respective Premises; which Proportion shall, in case of Dispute, be determined summarily by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall carry, run,

drive, draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn on any of the said Foot Pavements, any Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Wheel or Wheels, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage whatsoever (except directly across the fame on necessary Occasions), or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse, Afs, Mule, Beast, or other Cattle (except directly across the said Foot Pavements, to or from Stables or Cow-Houses), upon any Part of the said Pavements, or shall throw, cast, or lay thereon any Dirt, Dung, Allies, or Rubbish (except in Time of Froft), or roll, carry or convey any Barrel, Hogshead, or Calk upon the fame, for any Distance whatsoever (except directly across to or from Cellars, Shops, or Warehouses), or shall roll any such Barrel, Hogshead, or Calk upon any of the public Streets, Lanes, or Places of and in the said Town (except from Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, or other Places, directly to Carts, or other Carriages, upon which they are to be loaded, or from Carts, or other Carriages, on which they have been loaded, directly to such Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, or other Places, not exceeding Thirty Yards of Distance in any Case), it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and for any Person or Persons to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, to the Custody of a Peace Officer, to be secured or carried before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; which Person or Persons so offending shall, on being convicted of the Offence, either by Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings Sterling, for each and every Offence, over and above paying the Damage, if any, and Expences, as fixed by the Trustees, or any Three or more of them.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Person or Persons carrying or wheeling, or causing to be carried or wheeled, any Dung, Dirt, or Allies into the Streets over the Foot Pavements, shall sweep, scrape, and clean, or cause to be swept, feraped, and cleaned, those Parts of the Foot Pavements over which such Dung, Dirt, or Afties, shall have been carried or wheeled, immediately after having fmished carrying or wheeling the fame, under a Penalty not exceeding Two Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Water from the Roofs of all Houses or other Buildings within the said Town, fronting the publick Streets, and such Lanes and Passages as are Thoroughfares to the publick Streets, shall be

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 36- 537

be corfveyfid in Lead, or other Pipes, reaching within Six Inches of the °.f Oround, and affixed on the Sides and Fronts of such Houses and other p; CS ln Buildings; and in case the Proprietors of such Houses and Buildings shall Hot so convey the Water therefrom, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, after inspecting the Premises, and hearing the Parties, may in a summary Manner adjudge them so to do within a specified Time, and if they refuse or neglect, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, may order the same to be done, and the Expence thereof to be paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors, with such Fine for Contempt, not exceeding One Pound Sterling, as the Circumstances of the Cafe may appear to them to require.

X. And be it enacted, That where such Houses or other Buildings shall How the belong to more Proprietors than one, the several Proprietors shall defray Expence the Expence of making, affixing, and keeping in Repair the said Pipe or bTdefra^ed Pipes, in proportion to the Rents of their respective Premises; and in case where such’ any Dispute or Difference shall arise, the said Trustees, or any Three or Houses be-more of them, after inspeiling the Premises, and hearing the Parties, *"nSto more shall determine the fame summarily, and direct such Expences to be paid, Proprietor, as the Case may appear to them to require.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any One or more Proviso as to of the said Proprietors is or are, by his, her, or their Title Deeds, burthened certain Pro-with the Expence of conveying the whole Water from such Houses or Prlttor3-other Buildings, he, she, or they shall continue to be subjected to that Burthen; but it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them (upon obtaining an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Three

or more of them, after inspeiling the Premises), at his, her, or their own Expence, to affix, or cause to be affixed, to the Part or Parts of the Walls of such Houses or Buildings belonging to the other Proprietor or Proprietors a Pipe or Pipes for conveying the said Water, he, she, or they indemnifying such other Proprietor or Proprietors for any Damage he, she, or they may thereby sustain, as the same shall be ascertained by the Trustees, or any Three or more of them.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when the Tenants or Occu- Proviso as to piers of such Houses or Buildings shall, in Default of the Proprietors per- Occupiers, forming the fame, be at any Etfpence in conveying the Water from the

R oofs of their respective Premises (which they are hereby authorized and required to do to the Amount of the Rent or Rents payable by them respectively), they may and are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences incurred by them respectively out of the Rent or Rents due or to become due to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, who is and are hereby directed and required to allow the fame in the Settlement or Payment of such Rent or Rents j any Agreement, Lease, or Contrail to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for, and in the Trustees may Power of, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, by an Order order Outside under their Hands, after inspecting the Premises, and hearing the Parties be^emoved'^ concerned, at their own Expence, to cause to be removed and taken away, all Outside Stairs, Buildings, Ereflions, and other Things whatsoever, which tend to obstruik a free Passage in, through, and upon the £Lcc. Iff /Yr.3 6 U High-

53»

and also Signs, &C*

No Trade to be exercised, or Goods placed for Sale, &c. on the Streets or Foot Pavements;

or Flower-Pots set on Windows,

unless raised in.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and other Parts, of and in the said Town.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to cause to be removed and taken down all Signs, Sign-Ports, Boards, Water Barges, Sheds, Dyers’, Scowerers’, and Barbers’ Poles, or any other Pole or Projection upon or hanging over any of the said Foot Pavements, Streets, Lanes, or Passages, and that all Signs and Sign Boards shall be placed or affixed close on or flat to the Walls or Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or other Buildings whereunto they respectively belong; and if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, hang, place, or erect, or cause to be hung, placed, or erected, any Sign, Sign-Port, Pole, or other Projection, Obstruction, or Annoyance whatever, contrary to the Meaning of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the same to be removed and taken away, and such Person or Persons to pay a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for every Offence, besides the Expence attending the Removal thereof, and the Procedure thereanent.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for, nor in the Power of, any Person or Persons to exercise or carry on any Trade or Occupation in the publick Streets, or on the Foot Pavements of the said Town, nor to place or bring out upon the fame, either on Stalls or otherwise, or unnecessarily to let remain thereon, any Goods, Commodities, Provisions, or other Things whatsoever for Sale, Shew, or any other Purpose; and every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, and shall remove such Goods, Commodities, or other Things from the said Streets or Foot Pavements; and if the said Penalty or Penalties shall not be immediately paid, and the Goods, Commodities, or other Things removed, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to cause such Goods, Commodities, or other Things, to be removed and deposited in such Place or Places as they shall direct, there to remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid the Penalty or Penalties, with the Expences attending the Removal and Depositing thereof: Provided always, That if the said Goods, Commodities, or other Things, are of a perishable Nature, they shall be fold within Five Days after their Seizure; and after deducting from the Price, the Penalty or Penalties, with the Expence of Removal and Sale, the Surplus (if any) shall be paid to the Owner or Owners.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for, nor in the Power of, any Person or Persons to set or place upon the Outside of any Window or Projection of any Building fronting any of the said Streets, Lanes, Closes, or Passages, any Flower-Pots or Boxes, either for preserving or raising any Flowers, Shrubs, or other Plants or Vegetables, or any other Article whence Danger may arise by falling, unless the Soles and Out-fldes of the Windows or Projections on which such Pots, Boxes, or other Things are placed, be sufficiently raised in and secured with good and substantial Rails of Iron or Wood, in order to prevent the Risk of the said Pots, Boxes, or other Things falling upon the Streets, Lanes, or Passages; and every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for every Offence, and shall all'o pay Five Shillings

Sterling

539

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Sterling for every Week which such Pots, Boxes, or other Things shall be allowed to remain; and it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, to order such Pots, Boxes, or other Things, to be directly removed at the Expence of the Person or Persons by whom they shall be so set or placed.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more Lamp Irons of them, may order the Lamp Irons and Lamps to be fixed in the Walls !"ay b^x,c1‘1 of the Buildings on the Sides of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages in the Buildings, said Town, upon indemnifying the Proprietors or Occupiers for any Damage which shall be ascertained to be thereby done to such Buildings.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break Penalty for or throw down any Lamp or Lamps, which now are or hereafter shall be breaking set up in the said Town and Parish, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light LamPs wil* or Lights within the same, or damage the Irons or Appurtenances thereof, u 5 ' it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; and if the Party or Parties accused of such Offence, whether so apprehended or afterwards cited for the fame, shall be convicted thereof, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or by legal Evidence, according to the Law of Scotland, such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling for the first Offence, Three Pounds Sterling for the second Offence, and Five Pounds Sterling for the third, and every subsequent Offence, and moreover shall make Satisfaction for the Damages done.

XIX. And be it enacted, That in Cafe any Person or Persons shall acci- Satisfaction dentally break, throw down, or damage any of the said Lamps, or the

Irons or Appurtenances thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said fame (j,an Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to award such Sum or done acci-Sums of Money in Satisfaction for such Damages, as they shall think rea- dentally, sonable, provided such Sum or Sums of Money shall not exceed the real Damage sustained by such Accident, besides the Expences incurred for recovering the fame; and in case of Neglect or Refusal of such Person or Persons to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within One Day after the same shall be demanded, to cause the Amount to be levied in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more Trustees may of them, may order and direct the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and other orderHouses Buildings within the said Town, to be numbered with Figures, to be placed b°r(;j

or painted on the Door, or other conspicuous Part thereof, and to be painted or otherwise inscribed on a conspicuous Part of any House or Building at or near the End or Corner of each Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, the Name of such Street, Lane, Passage, or Place; and any Person Penalty for or Persons who shall wilfully destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any defacing such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, shall, for every such Offence, Numbers of forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds, nor less than Ten Shil- N^meVof

lings Streets.

540

Regulation as to Gunpowder.

How Gunpowder allowed to be leapt shall be

secured.

Proviso as to Gunpowder kept by Commanding Officers of his Majesty's Troops.

Trustees may remove the present Market, and purchase Grounds for erefling new Market Places, &c.

The Springs, Grounds, Buildings, &c. vetted in the Trustees;

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

lings Sterling; but if accidentally done, shall only be liable to replace the fame under a Penalty of Five Shillings Sterling.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall keep in any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or other Apartment within the said Town, more than Forty Pounds Weight of Gunpowder; but shall carry all Gunpowder exceeding that Quantity, to such Magazine or Place as may be provided and appointed by the said Trustees; and that every Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than One Pound, nor more than Five Pounds Sterling, besides forfeiting all such Gunpowder.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Quantity of Gunpowder allowed to be kept in any House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or Apartment, shall be deposited in a Place by itself, secured by Lock and Key, under a Penalty not exceeding One Pound Sterling, besides forfeiting the Gunpowder.

XXIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for, and in the Power of the Commanding Officer of any of His Majesty's Troops at any Time quartered in the said Town, to keep in such Place or Places within the same as shall be appointed by the Trustees, any Quantity of Gunpowder he may think necessary for exercising such Troops, or for other Military Purposes.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawfful for the said Trustees, or a Majority of them present at any General Meeting, to be held for carrying the said first recited Act, and this present Act into Execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to order the Public Market held in the High Street, and the present Butcher Market and Slaughter-Houses of the said Town, to be removed, to purchase Grounds situated within the said Town or Parish for erecting Market Places and Buildings for the Sale of Corn, Cattle, Meal, Butchers’ Meat, Fish, Vegetables, and all other Provisions and Commodities; and for building Slaughter-Houses, a Weigh-House, and a Gunpowder Magazine;, and to regulate the Weights and Measures used in the said Town and Parish; and also to make, ordain, and establish Rules and Orders for the better regulating all and each of the said Markets and Places, and the Conduct of Persons using the fame; and from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, and alter such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, provided that they are not contrary to the said first recited Act, and this Act, and to the Law of Scotland, and shall be printed and put up in foine conspicuous Place in the said Markets and Places, and renewed when necessary, for the Information of Persons resorting thereto,

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, that the Quantity of Ground to be purchased shall not exceed Five Acres; and the Money to be expended for the Purposes of this Act shall not exceed the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds Sterling in all Events.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Use of the Springs and Fountains, and the Property of the Cisterns, Pipes, and other Conduftors and Erections, and of the Lamps, Lamp Posts, and Irons, and all and every the Grounds, Houses, Buildings, Erections, and other Matters and Things acquired and purchased, and to be acquired and purchased, or erected or made, and to

54i

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

be creeled or made, in Pursuance of the Powers by the said firit recited Act, and this Act granted, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or a Majority of them present at any Meeting to be held for carrying the said firit recited Act, and this Act into Execution, to make, ordain, and establish Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws for the better executing the Powers of the said firit recited Act and of this present Act, and for regulating the Police of the said Town and Parish, confident with the said Act, and this Act, and with the Law of Scotland, and from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to repeal, add to, amend, or alter such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and to enforce the fame by pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding, in any Case, the Sum of One Pound Sterling: Provided always, That none of the said Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, shall become valid, or take Effect, till they be published in one of the Edinburgh Newspapers, and printed and put up in the most conspicuous Places of the said Town.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Tiine or Times, obstruct, hinder, or moleit any Officer, or other Person, assisting or employed under the said recited Acts, or this present Act, every Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling for every Offence: And if any Person or Persons shall aifauk or strike any Officer, or ther Person assisting or employed as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duty, or to any Officer or other Person employed under the said recited Acts, or this present Act, to bring Actions, and Execution shall pals at his or their Instance respectively for Performance of all and each of the Obligations, and for levying and recovering all and each of the Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, by the said firit recited Act, and this Act imposed, together with the Expences and Coils of Suit.

XXX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to decern in a summary Manner for the Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Expences imposed by the said firit recited Act, and this Act, together with Coils of Suit (the Manner of levying or recovering whereof is not otherwise therein or herein, particularly described); and where the Sums decerned for, exclusive of Colts, do not exceed Fifteen Shillings Sterling, if not immediately paid, they may be levied and recovered by Entry, Diitrefs, and Sale of the Offender or Offenders’ Goods, Chattels, and Effects, by Warrant under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; and, after deducting the Charges and Expences of such Diitrefs and Sale, the Surplus (if any,) shall be paid to such Person or Persons; or it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to apply to the said Baron Baillie, or to any One Justice of the Peace of the said County, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Jail of the said Town, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless the fame, with the Coils and Charges

[Lee. Isf Per.'] 6 X incurred

Trustees may make Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws.

Penalties for obstructingor aifaulting any Person employed under the Acts.

Actions competent by Collectors of Duty, or other Officers.

Fines, &c. how to be recovered.

542

U' Ili ,.w. ,

' 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

incurred for the Recovery thereof ftali-beifooner paifl. and satisfied-, but where such Penalties shall exceed the said Sum of Fifteen Shillings they Aatt,' updif Conviction of the Offender or Panders, by his, 'her. or their own Confession, or by the Oath of One of ljiofe credible Wit nets or Witnesses, or otTer legal Evidence, if not immediately paid, be recovered UP.<i levied’ by^’l^hfry, piftreft, and Sale, as aforesaid and if sufficient Goods,' Chattels, and Effects, shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful for thfe fahj Trustees, dr any Three or more of them, 'to apply to t£e j&id Baron1 fidillle, or Justice of the Peace, for a Warrant to commit, such 0|fender' or Offenders to the said Jail, therein to continue for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless the Sums so decerned for, together with the Costs and Charges incurred for Recovery May be miti- thereof, be sooner paid and satisfied: And that it shall and may be lawful gated. for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to mitigate the said Application FjngS and Penalties to any Amount not exceeding One Half j and the 1 ere0 ’' whole of the said pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures shall, after deducting the necessary Charges of Recovery, be applied to the Uses and Purposes of the said first recited Act, and this Act.

Limitation of 2£X!Xl. Andbq it enacted, That the Forfeitures and Penalties, which may Actions for be impo fed.by .'Virtue of the said recited Acts, or this presentAft, in case Penalties. Action^' for the Recovery thereof be not commenced within Three Calendar Months- from the Time the Fafts, by which they may be in-.-purred, have been committed, shall cease to be of any Effect; and the ‘ Person or Persons who shall have so offended, shall not thereafter be liable for such Forfeitures or Penalties.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That no Suit or Action shall be commenced against the said Trustees, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in-Pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this present Act, after Three Calendar Months from the Time the Fast is committed; and the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Suit or Action, may produce the said Acts, and this Act, and plead that the said Things were done by Authority, and in Pursuance thereof; and if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendant Or Defendants shall be absolved from such Suit or Action, and shall have treble Costs and Expences, in the Defence thereof, awarded to him, her, or them, from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the same.

Trustees may

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where Cognizance is given administer to the said Trustees, by the said first recited Act, or this Act, it Avail be

Oaths. lawful for them, or either of them, to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons, for their or his more certain Information in the Matter or Matters which shall be then depending.

t fl.i v

New Over-

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, seers appoint- The Right Honourable Charles William Montagu Scott, commonly called ed* Earl of Dalkeith, The Right Honourable William Kcr, commonly called

Earl of Ancram, The Honourable Robert Dundas, of Melville, Robert Dundas, of A rni/lon, Esquire, Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, John Wauchope, of Edmonston, Esquire, Colonel John Wauchope, the younger, of Edmonston, James Clerk, of Che/lcrhall, Esquire, and the R ep relent a tive in Parliament f®r, and the Sheriff Depute of, the County of

Edinburgh

Farther Limitation of Aitions.

I

1

1

it

1

If

4

4

i

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 36. 543

Edinburgh, for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Overseers of the said Duty, granted by the said first recited Act, and further continued by this present Act, with the fame Powers and Authorities, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as the Overseers appointed by the said recited Act. -

.; *' " cut:- tnu Ti iy3

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Saving contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to abridge, alter, in- of the novate, or change the Rights of Henry Duke of Buccleuch, or of his Heirs B"cc'je°ch and Successors, to any ancient Duties or Customs acquired by Charter, or ai,d the Ba-otherwise vested in him or them, within the said Town and Lordship of ron Baillie of Dalkeith, nor the Rights of the Baron Baillie thereof; but that the said

Rights shall continue in full Force, and have the lame ElFed as if this Act had neyer been made.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the Expence of passing this Act shall Expence of be paid out of the Duty granted and continued by the said recited Acts and thl* Aa how

this present Act. tobcpaid-

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs, tee. Judges, and Magistrates, and their Officers, and all other Executors of

[Public Act.]

the Law whomsoever, are hereby required to aid and assist in putting the said lirfl recited Act, and this present Act, into due and effectual Exe- tion. cution: And that this Act shall be deemed and taken Notice ef in all Courts of Law and Equity as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as such accordingly, without specially pleading the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts, and Duration of this Act, in so far as the fame relate to levying and collecting the said Duty, AAs-shall continue in Force for and during the further Term of Twenty-one

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and that all the other Parts thereof shall be perpetual.

LONDON, Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

11

t

I

is

I . tc

I

I twjnth-. 3 ’-to turn

11 Cl!

.*F HI I'QJIOH.^V

<! it bn: ,)y . ...d' jdl

1 '<'*' > A L>-'i n UM\ I't’X , J :’k f)-ol9.f'

.. /: ufui dt wt* hA’faakgt^tfd Lv*&£9^ ' r

i wktC ii ,ai*i4u^ vi Im.-, tvivJB vr *>iU oj

{«>b t k«‘

A J ’ nrf-gaMfcsi u! ' f. 'M '

si'i lus.ihuH ,fij I t ,b. I urr-ftwo <*jir *»' Vir: :3

H ?t ilo n> . . 4 A r‘

1o Jiliasu .... i.> qiifitr i .1 lx*c n/'»>!' b i < ,u ’l »< 1 '

loiUU 1,^ t7 utt Juc; i. ! ..»!*;' tu uil artj 1;

v. .'il uAij l.... «vA ijstoji 1-4 i-« «.

.1 . I jJ Vi

-V -

.?.» .' 1 *. 'I wfl 1o 'v' -:, T .:

m Jl».: fc, r i.’tMItX.i will) a,; .4 . f:« > w.

i?>a $,*, ruq m ail*.' . U* . ,» i ,!

‘ J2! ^3, f -~ *.;* .

ry/WM'* H« rt* 1* ai -; i

fc.l* - i. . 4 '» *,{. 'I .!, r.

> \> i*

5* ;a

...iA f-(; (J J:; i jpb f

n »fc?v.'io!U]i r.i/il’if

- ' I va W< ’ :i"4r yr4*

V-*’ . ' '* A, *». '

’ "v ?w, -' 1*t*

,:iU . 4":

Jz

.1 *.» -

> "iV,

jt . ...; '. '-« < A

;j j,.' *r»

:* y ,ir>u ii* *y '*u

- W|

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*116*

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, several Roads, to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road> in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks.

[16th May 1804..]

WHEREAS by an A<5V, made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making 4iG.-j.c to*

and maintaining, and for watching, lighting, and watering a Road from the West India Docks, tn the Iste of Dogs, to communicate with c Street called Church Lane or Church Strcer, Whitechapel, and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Streec, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County c/MiddlefeXj for opening, widening, and improving certain Streets and Passages therein

Cap. 37.

ILoc. £sr Per.]

mentioned.

546 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

mentioned, and for more effectually amending and keeping iu Repair a Read from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cann in Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex; certain Person* therein nominated, and their Successors, to be elected as therein mentioned, were appointed Trustees for carrying the several Powers of the said Act into Execution: And whereas the Powers of the said Act have been found insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered and enlarged: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit of the Trade and Commerce not only of the said West India Docks, but also of certain East India Docks now making at Blackwall, in the said County of Middlesex, and of great publick Utility, if a more free and ready Communication were made with the said several Docks, by Means of a certain Collateral Branch leading from the Road, in the said recited Act called The Commercial Road-, and if such Collateral Branch were made subject to the Authority and Direction of the Trustees by the said recited Act and this Act appointed: But as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par* Additional liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Chair

Trustees. man an[r j)eputy Chairman of the East India Dock Company for the Time being respectively, and their respective Successors, from Time to Time, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or to be appointed for putting the said recited Act of Parliament and this Act into Execution, in as full and ample a Manner as if they had been nominated and appointed such Trustees in and by the said recited Act.

Provisions of And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all and

former Act every the Tolls and Duties, Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Penalties,

thi'sended l° Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Directions, Payments, Provisions, At tides. Matters, and Things, therein contained, (save and except such Parts there-of as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) shall be in full Force and Effect for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, for the Purpose of making, repairing, altering, widening, lighting, watching, and watering, the several Roads,

Streets, Ways, and Passages, in the said recited Act mentioned and

described; and also for making, repairing, altering, widening, lighting. New Roads, watching, paving, and watering, a certain Branch of Road leading from Duck Branch anc^ out t^ie Commercial Road at or near the North-east Corner of Limehouse Church-yard, through, along, and over a Piece of Ground the Property of Cicifdy Stokes and William Stokes, and from thence along, across, and over a Field late the Property of Elizabeth Stainfby, in the Occupation of William Mar chant, to, along, a>rols, and over a certain other Field the Property of Rickard Smith, to, along, across, and over a Piece of Land or Garden Ground in the Occupation of William Hil,h, into, along, and across North Street, and from thence to, along, across, and over a Field or Meadow in the Occupation of the said William Hitch, to, along, through, across, and over several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Garden Ground in the several Occupations of Joseph Brandy, Oliver Evans,

Jeremiah

44° GEORGII IH. Cap. 37. ^47

Jeremiah Wade, and a small Messuage or Tenement in the Occupation of

Thomas Clarke, into, through, along, across, and over a certain Lane

called Bow Lane, and from thence to, along, across, and over a certain

other Field in the Occupation of William Stevens, and a certain ether

Field the Property of John Wells and William Wells, commonly called

Coachman’s Field, and a certain other Field or Piece of Land the Property of the East India Dock Company, and to communicate with the Eafi

India Docks to be made by the said East India Dock Company, and Torn

thence to, along, over, through, and across other Part of Coachman’s

Field aforesaid, the Property ot John Wells and William Wells, to, along,

and across a certain House and Garden, with the Appurtenances, in the

Occupation of Thomas Cole, situate at the North End of a certain Street

or Lane called Rob'mbood Lane, and to, along, through, across, and over

Robinhood Lane, into and to communicate with Poplar Street and the

Road leading ftom Poplar aforesaid to Blackwall aforesaid; all which said

Line of Road is situate and being in the several Parishes of Saint Anne

(commonly called Saint Anne's, Limehouse'), Saint Dunstan Stebonheath

otherwise Stepney, Bromley Saint Leonard, otherwise Saint Leonard Bromley,

all in the said County of Middlesex; and for carrying the several Powers Tlll(lt.es t!Tl_

of this Act into Execution; which said additional Term hereby granted powered to '

shall be and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable te the Payment Purebafe.

of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall or may hereafter become

due and owing, on the Credit of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

III. And whereas the Lid Trustees have found it necessary and conveni- Declaration of ent, in making the Road directed to be made and repaired by virtue of the

laid recited Act, to deviate from the exact Line of Road directed by the said Ko^inphces recited Act, and have instead thereof made a new Line of Road j and ,whf TtheLine Doubts have arisen whether such Deviation or new Line of Road can be repaired, altered, widened, lighted, watched, and watered, by virtue of been deviated the said recited Act; be it therefore enacted, That such Deviation or new fronl-Line of Road shall be under the Direction and Management of the said Trustees, and shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the said Commercial Road directed to be amended and repaired by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, and shall be repaired, altered, widened, lighted, watched, paved, and watered, by the said Trustees, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and of this Act.

IV. And whereas, it is by the said recited Act enacted, That, after the Road and Branch of Roaddiredted to be made and repaired by virtue of the said recited Act shall be completed, the Lands constituting the old Road or Roads, or any Part thereof, unless leading to some Street or Place to which such new Road or Branch of Road shall not communicate, together with such Parts of the purchased Premises therein mentioned, a;s should not be laid into the said new Road, should be vested in the said Trustees: And whereas Doubts have arisen when such Road or Branch of Road shal), for the Purpose of vtfting such old Road or Roads and purchased Premises in the said Trustees, he deemed or taken to be completed; be it therefore enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commercial Road made or to be made by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall be safe and passable for Horses, Cattle, anti Carriages,

then

Declaration whm Commercial Road shall be deemed to be completed, for the Purpose of vetting the «ld Roadandother pnrchaledPre* miles in the Trustees,

54-8 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

then and in every such Case, such new Road and Branch of Road shall, for the Purpose of veiling such old Road or Roads and purchased Pre-miles in the said Trustees, be deemed and taken to be completed; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

*d°dTtio»aiSum whereas it is, amongst other Things, by the said recited Act of 70,000l.U enacted, That until the Road and Branch of Road therein described should be fully made and completed, the said Trustees should, and they were thereby empowered and directed to pay Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon all such Principal Sum and Sums of Money as should have been actually subscribed, or undertaken to be subscribed, and paid at any Time or Times within Three Calendar Months after the passing of the said recited Act, which Interest should commence and be computed from the Time or respective Times of Payment of such Principal Monies, or of the Instalments thereof respectively; and from and after the Time when the said Road and Branch of Road should be fully made and completed, the said Trustees should, and they were thereby required and directed to pay such further Interest or Dividends, not exceeding in the Whole the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon all Principal Sums of Money which should Have been fi subscribed, or undertaken to be subscribed, and paid, as should be from Time to Time resolved and determined by a Majority of the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose; and at the same Time providing, that the said further Interest or Dividends should not be paid or payable on or for any Principal Sum or Sums of Money beyond the Amount of Fifty thousand Pounds in the Whole, nor on or for any Sum or Sums of Money other than such Sum or Sums as should have been actually subscribed and paid, or undertaken to be paid, within the Time aforesaid, nor on or for any Sum or Sums of Money whatever, which should at any Time be secured by Mortgage of the said Tolls, under the said recited Act, in Manner therein mentioned: And whereas the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds hath been already subscribed, and expended in carrying on the several Roads directed to be made by the said recited Act , but such Works are dill incomplete, and it is nect(Tary that a further Sum should be raised by Subscription for completing the said Works, and for otherwise carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution: Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and to and for the several Subscribers. under the said recited Act, to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or to raise, by the AdmilTion of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, in Addition to the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds directed to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act, for the Purpose of completing the several Works and Iloadi directed to be made, maintained, and supported by virtue of the said recited Act, and for otherwise carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, lo far as this Act relates to the making, maintaining, and supporting the several Works and Roads directed to be made, maintained, and supported by virtue of the said recited Act; and also the further Sum of Twenty thousand Pound* for the Purpose cf making, repairing, altering, widening, lighting, watching, paving, and watering, the said Branch of Road, leading from and

549

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

and out of the said Commercial Road at or near the North-east Corner of Limehouse Church Yard, to communicate with the East India Docks, and also leading from and out of Robinhood Dane aforesaid to communicate with Poplar Street aforesaid, and the several other Works necessary thereto; and the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby empowered and directed, to pay Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon all such Principal Sum and Sums of Money, being Part or Parts of the said several respective Sums of Fifty thousand Pounds and Twenty thousand Pounds directed to be raised by vhtueof this Act, as shall have been actually subscribed, or may hereafter be subscribed and paid, for the Purposes aforesaid, such Interest shall commence and be computed from the Time or respective Times of Payment of such respective Principal Monies, or of the Instalments thereof respectively and from and after the Time that the Road and Branch of Road directed to be made by virtue of the said recited Ace shall be fully made and completed, the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and directed, to pay such further Interest or Dividends, not exceeding in the Whole the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon all Principal Sum and Sums of Money which have been or may be so subscribed and paid, or undertaken to be paid, by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, as shall be from Time to Time resolved and determined by a Majority of the said Trustees at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose: Provided always, that the said further Interest or Dividends shall not be paid or payable on or for any Principal Sum or Sums of Money beyond the Amount of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds in the Whole; nor on or for any Sum or Sums of Money ©therthan such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been actually subscribed and paid within the Time limited by the said recited Act; and such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been or shall be actually subscribed and paid, or undertaken to be paid, under or by virtue of this Act; nor on or for any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, which shall at any Time be secured by Mortgage of the Tolls to be collected on the said several and respective Roads.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, No Perron to That no Person or Persons shall be permitted or allowed to subscribe subscribt left or contribute towards raising the said Sum of Severity thousand Pounds, than '*o/' to be raised by virtue of this Act, any Portions or Sums less than One hundred Pounds each, of lawful Money of Great Britain.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trusteeito and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time ?'al^Ca,l‘ to Time to make such Call or Calls of Money from the several and or *nc:r’ respective Persons who have subscribed or may hereafter subscribe, or undertake ro pay any Part or Parts of the said several and respective Sums of Fifty thousand Pounds and Twenty thousand Pounds, to be raised by virtue of this

Acr, for the Ptirpoles of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Twenty five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds so subscribed or undertaken to be paid, and so in Propouion for any greater oriels Sum; and such Calls shall not be mads but at the Distance of Two Calendar Months' at the lead from each other; and Notice shall be given of all such Calls by Advertisement, in One or more of the London Newspapers,

[Loc, ft? Per."] 6 Z signed

55° 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads respectively, Twenty Days at the lead previous to the Day appointed for the Payment of such Calls; and the several and respective Persons so subscribing or undertaking to pay any Part or Parts of the said several and respective Sums of Fifty thousand Pounds and Twenty thousand Pounds, shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportion of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Times as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time appoint and direct; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refute to pay his, her, or their rateable or proporcionable Part of the Money so called for as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons, at the Time and Place appointed by the said Trustees, or within Thirty Days then next ensuing, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds so subscribed or undertaken to be paid, by him, her, or them-, and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refute to pay, his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for the Payment thereof, then and in every such Case, he, she, or they shall forfeit and lose all and every Sum and Sums of Money paid by him, her, or them, towards carrying into Execution the teveral and respective Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, and all Benefit and Profit arising or to arise from such Payment or Payments respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money, when so forfeited, shall be applied by the said Trustees in carrying the several and respective Purposes for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been paid into Execution: Provided always, that no such Forfeiture shall be or be deemed to be incu red, save and except personal Notice of such Call or Calls, in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall have been given to, or Notice left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons making such Default as aforesaid and such Sum or Sums of Money shall also be declared to be forfeited at the next Meeting of the said Trustees.

Pa olent'ofhe

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any

Subscriptions. Person or Persons shall refute or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, being Part or Parts of the said Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds by them respectively subscribed or undertaken to be paid for the several and respective Purposes of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, or such Parts or Portions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Trustees, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as shall be directed by the said Trustees, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in case they shall think it right and proper, to sue for and recover the fame by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, against any Person or Persons refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin-Jitr, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Jtxeeuton to ]X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or

P»y Calls. persons f0 subscribing or undertaking to pay any such Sum or Sums of Money, being Part or Parts of the said Sum of Seventy thousand

Pounds,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. 55*

Pounds, to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall die before such Call or Calls shall be made for the full Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed or undertaken to be paid by him, her, or them, without having made any Provision by Will or otherwise, how or in what Manner such Sum or Sums so paid by him, her, or them, shall be disposed of, or how or by what Means the future Calls on the Sum or Sums of Money subscribed or undertaken to be paid by him, her, or them, shall be paid to the said Trustees, for the several and respective Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in every such Case the Executors and Administrators of every such Person so dying, and also the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, of any Lunatick or Lunaticks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, shall be indemnified against all and, every Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of hi', her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid, to complete any such Subscription; and in Cafe any such deceased Subscriber or Subscribers shall not have left Afiets sufficienr, or the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Admi-nift'aturs, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to transfer the Sum or Sums of Money paid by such deceased Subscriber or Subscribers, into the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, on Condition that he, she, or they, do and shall, on or before such Transfer, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Subscriber or Subscribers, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, of any Lunatick or Lunaticks, or to the Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any Person or Persons who shall be entitled to his, her, or their Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such deceased Subscriber or Subscribers, by virtue of any Call or Calis made by the said Trustees for carrying the several and respective Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, or otherwise, or such other Sum or Sums of Money, as the Sum or Sums of Money so paid by fuih deceased Subscriber or Subscribers can be sold for j and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted on such Conditions as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Sum or Sums of Money shall become forfeited, and shall be disposed of by the said Trustets for the several and respective Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and power wfell for the several Persons who have subscribed, ot shall hereafter subscribe, Subfcipt'on*. or who have or shall become entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money subscribed by virtue of the said rec ted Ad, or to be subscribed by virtue of this Act, to fell and dii'pose thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, from and after the same shall become Stock by virtue of this Act, subject to the Directions and Provisions herein contained , and the Conveyance of every such Sum and Sums of Money shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

‘ r A.B. of in Consideration of Form of

‘ paid to me by C. D of Transfer,

Do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer, to the said C.D. the Sum of Capital Btock

secured

552 44p OIJORGIi III. Cap. 37.

recured to me by virtue of Two several Acts of Parliament, One made

in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting,

and watering a Road from the West India Docks in the Isle ot Dogs, to communicate with a Street called Church Lane, or Church Street, White-

chapel, and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; for opening, widening, and improving certain Streets and Passages therein mentioned, and for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Stre-t, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street,

‘ and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex; and the other made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this A£t2 to hold to the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Afltgns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the lame Conditions, that I held the fame immediately before the Exe- cution hereof; and I the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock, subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As Witness our Hands and Seals, this 4 . Day of in the Year of our

4 Lord .*

And on every such Sale the said Deed or Conveyance, being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and Purchaser or Purchasers, shall be kept by the Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk to the said Trustees shall have entered into the Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer or Sale, and have testified or enderfed the Entry of such Memorial in the said Deed of Transfer or Sale, for which the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid; and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Assignment or Transfer shall be permitted to be made or entered into the Transfer Books of the said Trustees, of or concerning any smaller Sum or Portion of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, raised by virtue of the said recited Act, or of the said Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds to be raised by virtue of this Act, than One hundred Pounds thereof; and that any and every such Assignment or Transfer which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter be attempted to be made, and shall happen to be so entered of or concerning any such smaller or less Sum than One hun-dTed Pounds thereof, shall be utterly null and void; any Thing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Nnmes of the

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they Suhlcribers to are hereby required to cause the Names of the several Persons who shall Cer"u\\a?s?t'o entitled to any Share or Shares of the f.iid Capital Srock of One be given 01the hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, together with the Sum or Amount of Sums-of Money to whiih they are respectively entitled therein, to be t for toe . distinctly entered in a Book or Books, to be kept by the

Clerk

No Transfer to bemadeof any smaller Sum than 100l. and ifattempttdto be made, the same to be void.

553

44° GEORGII III. Cap. $1.

Clerk to the said Trustees for that Purpose, and shall also cause a CeN tificate or Instrument signed by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to be delivered to the several Persons who shall be entitled to any Share or Shares of the said Capital Stock of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds together with the Sum or Sums of Money to which they are respectively entitled therein; and for every such Certificate Or Instrument the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Trustees, and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all CouTts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of the Person or Persons mentioned therein, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, to the Sum or Sums of Money therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Person or Pcfons entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Capita ^Stock, from felling or disposing thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to °^u"ot whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Titles* °U any Lands, Tenements; or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum orif person« or Sums, of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if p^r_ the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, chafe Money be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may mt°

be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments [defending the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispo-fuion of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thtreof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in die Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Eftans, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or arc received, to such Peif ?n or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any jj1 c^e°f Question lhdl anse, touching the Ti le of any Person to any Money to ihe'Yit?^" be paid into the Bank of England, in tie Name and with the Privity any Landj of the Acroun ant G-neral of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance ?MereftC of the of the said recited Act or of this Act, for the Purchase of any Money paid La mis, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, of ftin'be'p^kTtn Ia.trefl in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased ihe Person who

[Z^r. ft? Per.'] j A in

554

w« in PoflVf-(ioncf thepre-miletwhen bought.

Tb* Ovurt of Chancery may order Expences of Purchases to be paid.

Meetings of Trustees on Emergencies.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession cf such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Am uities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Poffirflion was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act or of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Copit of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, or 10 much of the said Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVL. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment, or in caf? of Adjournment of any Meeting of the Lid Trustees, it shall at any Time be ihouglit necessary that a Meeting of the said Trustees should be bolden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting should have been adjourned, or in case at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said Trustees, a sufficient Number of Trustees shall not be present for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act: and this Act into Execution, or to adjourn, then and in every such Cale the Clerk to the said Trustees, (an Order in Writing, finned by any Three or more of the said Trusteef, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith cause publick Notice of such Meeting to be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be Handing on the said several and respective Roads, Seven Days at the least before such Meeting} and all Proceedings of the Lid Trustees at such Meeting shall be as good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as they would have been in case the said Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment-, any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained shall extend, or beconlirued to extend, so as to enable the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under iheir Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any House or other Building which was erected or built on or before the FirftDayof Janua>y\r\ the Ycar of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and four, or any Land 01 Ground which on the said First Day of January was set apart and used as and for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof , other than and except the ft-veral Houses, Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, Yards, Parks, Paddocks, planted Walks and Avenues, herein-after mentioned, that is to say. Part of the Land and Premises belonging to the West India Dock Company, from the Land late belonging to Thomas Drane, to the North-west Entrance of the Export Dock about to be made by the said Company; Three small Pieces of Garden Ground situate on the South Side of Penny Fielis, Poplar, and also a small Piece of Garden Ground on the North Side of Penny Fields, late the Property of William Mason; Part of the Land late belonging to Richard Payne, near the N'orth-east Corner of Limthouse Churchyard j a Piece of Ground on the North Side of the Commercial Road, and on the West Side of White llorfe Street, Rat cliffe, (< n which the said Trullees have erecied a Toll House) belonging to the Wodhipful Company of Mercers j Part of a Twine Walk and Premises on Lrafe to Daniel Tierney, and Part of a Rope Walk and Premises, and also aPiece of Ground and other Premises late belonging to the Worshipful Company of Mercers, and late in the Occupation of Matthew Eafum-, also a Piece of Ground and Premises late in the Occupation of Thomas Hall; also a Messuage or Tenement, or Publick House, called The Royal Duke, with the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, lare in the Occupation of George Baxter-, and a certain Messuage or Tenement, together with the Appurtenances, belonging to Daniel Stephens-, alf) a Messuage or Tenement, Warehouse, Part of a Rope Ground, Garden Land, and Premises late belonging to the said Daniel Stephens; Three Houses, Gardens, and Premises, late the Property of Samuel Hawkins, near The Half Way House , a Slip of Land lately used as Garden Ground, belonging to Joseph Bromebead, late in the Occupation of Peter Grofe, at the West End of Doran's Row, and a House, Stable, Land, and Premises belonging to Jthn Sidney Hawkins, and Five Houses and a Piece of Ground, with the Appurtenances, on Lease to William Dongworth, on the West Side of the Cannon Street Road, and on the South Side ol White Horse Lane-, and Three Messuages or Tenements, with the Sheds, Yaids. G irdens, and Appurtenances, belonging to the Corporation of the City of London, and on Lease to John Hanson, situate at the End of Horseferry Road, in or mar £>neen Street, on the Line of the Branch of Road let out by virtue of the said Act, now in the Occupation of Hannah Carpenter, James Frazer, and David Robinson: All which laid Premises are required for, and are hereby directed to be applied for and towards the Purposes of the said recited Act of Parliament, for making and completing the Line of the said Commercial Road and Branch of Road directed to be made and repaired by virtue of the said recited Ad, and for carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act of Parliament into Execution: And, for the said Branch of Road leading from and out of the said Commercial Road, at or near the North raft Corner of Limthouse Church-yard, to communicate with the Jlaft

India

555

House* and Build ng» not to be injured.

556 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

India Docks, and also leading from and out of Rotinbood Lane aforesaid to communicate with Poplar Street aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to purchase, take, and make use of a Piece of Ground the Property of Cicefely Stokes and William Stokes, opposite the North-east Corner of Limekoufe Church-yard; a Piece of Land or Garden Ground in the Occupation of William Hitch, on the West Side of North Street; Parts of several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Garden Ground, on the East Side of North Street aforesaid, in the several Occupations of the said William Hitch, Joseph Brandy, Oliver Evans, Jeremiah Wade, and a small Messuage or Tenement in the Occupation of Thomas Clarke, on the West Side of Bow Lane aforesaid; and a Messuage or Tenement, with the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate at the North End of Robinhood Lane aforesaid, in the Occupation of Thomas Cole: All which said Premises are situate, lying, and being in the several and respective Parishes of Saint Anne (commonly called Saint Anne’s, Lime-house) Saint Dunjian Stebunheath otherwise Stepney, Bromley Saint Leonard otherwise Saint Leonard Bromley, all in the County of Middlesex.

ro*-.r of pur-

XVIII. And whereas it is by the said Act enacted, That if in any Case

Who"! of the Owner or Owners of any Houses, Messuages, Tenements, Lands,

Premisesfrom Grounds, or Hereditaments, Part only of which Premises should at any win?11 Time be required by the said Trustees to be applied to the Purposts of Part in recited the said Act, should be unwilling to sell or dispose of such Part only of AAcontained, [he Houses, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, belonging to the said fC Owner or Owners, as should be required by the said Trustees, it might be lawful to and for the said Trustees to purchase of and from the said Owner or Owners the Whole of the said Houses, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, of the said Owner or Owners, and to apply so much or such Part thereof as they should fee fit to the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas the said Provision has been attended with great Inconvenience, be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be, and is hereby declared to be, with regard to the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be from henceforth purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

No Person

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Per-friTlartoff to sons> or Budy or Bodies Pol tick, Corporate, or Collegiate, ftiail be applied Premises, if to, by, or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, to treat for, fell, dispose of, the wfhoie In or convey> for any the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, certain Cases, any Part or Parts of any House or Building in the actual Occupation of One Person, or of several Persons jointly, and (hr.ll, by Notice in Writing, to be left at the House of the Clerk of the said Trustees, within Eitiht Days next after such Application, signify his, her, or their Inclination or Desire to treat for, fell, dispose of, and convey the Whole of such House or Building, forne Part whereof shall have been deemed necessary to be purchased for the purposes of the said recited Act or this Act; and if it shall happen that the said Trustees shall not think proper or be willing to purchase the Whole of such House or Building, then and in tvery such Case, nothing in this Act or the said recited Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to compel the respective Person or Persons intcrelled there n, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey. Part only, or less than the Whole of every such House or Building, with the Offices, Curtilages,

557

4f° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Yards, and Paffiges, adjoining and belonging thereto; any Thing in the fad recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-standing.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the Line or Lines of Road to be made by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, or any of the Persons in whose Pufftflnn or Occupation the fame or any Part thereof are or is dated or dtfc ibed to be, shall happen to be misnamed, omitted, or inaccurately defcished, such Milnomer, OmilTion, or in ccurate Description, shall not prevent or retard the Execution of the said tecited Act or of this Act, but every ILrt thereof shall and may be purchased and fold, or assessed and valued by a Jury, and conveyed, disposed of, and applied for and to the Pnrports of the said recited Act or of this Act, as lully and effectually as if the fame were more properly named and described in the said recited Act or in this Act, in calc it shall ippear, to the Satisfaction of the Jury summoned to assess, what Hetompence and Srrisfaction shall be made to the Owner , Occupiers, or other Person or Pe f ms interested, for or on Account of the taking of such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments respectively, that such La^ds. Tenements, House«, Buildings, Grounds, or Hereditaments respectively, were intended to be made use of for the Purp.Tes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enact-d. That nothing in the said recited Act, made in the Forty-frcond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in this Act contained, shall extern) or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Trustees ro tak- Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Possession of any Tenant at Will or Lellre for a Year, without having given to such Tenant at Will or L fTe for a Year S x Calendar Mouths Notice, in Writing, to quit the Puf-session of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament:.

XXII. And whereas it would be attended with great Benefit to all Carriages heavily laden psfiing on the said Commercial Hoad, if the fame were paved j but, as such paving will be attended with a great Expence, be it thertfjre enacted, That, from and after the Day that the said Commercial Road shall be pived for the Spice cf Two-third Parts thereof in Length, and in Width not less than Twenty Fret, and such Pavement shall be fit for the Passage of Carriage-, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trusttes, during the Term of Twenty Years from the passing of this Acr, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, for and on Account of every Waggon, V ain, or such other Four-wheeled Carriage, and for and on Account of every Cart or other such Two-whecled Carriage passing along the said Commercial Read, Half the Toll or Sum, in addition to the Toll or Sum that might otherwise be dmiandtd and taken for and on Account thereof respectively, in case such Commercial Road had not been paved according to the Directions of this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Commercial Road shall not be wholly paved in Manner and of the Width aforesaid, within the Time or Space of Three Years from the

ILet. y Per.] 7 £ passing

Misnomer,

O mi (Hon, or wrung Description, not to prevent the Ex cution of the Act.

Additional Toll to be taken in case Commercial Koadiaparcd.

If the who!* Extent of he Commercial Road is not paved within

55«

Three Yeari Toll to cease until the same shall be To paved.

Tru flees may erect Gat^s on the Road to be made lyyvirtue of this Act.

Tolls to be taken on East India Dock Branch of Road.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cdp.tf.

passing of this Act, that then and in such Case the said additional Toll to be collected in respeift thereof, in Manner herein-before mentioned, shall cease and determine until the same shall be wholly paved in Manner and of the Width aforesaid, and made fit for the Passage of Carriages thereon.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and they are empowered to erect or cause to be elected, such and so many Gates or Turnpikes upon or across such Part or Part* of the said Branch of Road to be made and repaired by virtue of this Act, leading from and out of the said Commercial Road, at or near the North-east Corner of Limehouse Church-yard, to communicate with the East India Docks; also leading from and out of Robinbood Lane aforesaid, to communicate with Poplar Street aforesaid and over or near the Sides thereof respectively, through, in, near, unto, or across any Lanes, or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame; and also to erect of cause to be erected such and so many Toll Houses as they shall think proper, and shall and may purchase and take Land sufficient for any such Toll House or Toll Houses, with the necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time to remove, alter, or discontinue such Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall judge niefct and convenient.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, the respective Tolls following, and no more, at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the said Branch of Road leading from and out of the said Commercial Road, at or near the North-east Corner of Limehouse Church-yard, to communicate With the East India Docks, and all'o leading from Robinbood Lane aforesaid, to communicate with Poplar Street aforesaid. Once in every Day, from all and every Person and Persons passing with Or attending any Cattle or 'Carriage, and also so often in any One Day as any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall pass laden; and so often in any One Day as any Coach, Chaise, or other like Carriage, travelling for Hire, shall pass, before any Horse or llorfes, Bead or Beasts, Cattle or Carriages, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say).

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-Vis, Chariot, Chaise, and Pleasure Carriage, and for every Hearse, Litter, Or such other Carriage, having Four or Three Wheels, drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses Or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by One Horse or 'Bead of Draught, the like Sum of Three-pence:

For every Two-wheeled Chaise or Chair, drawn by Two Horses dr Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three pence; and drawn by One Horle or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or such other Four-wheeled Carriage (ladeh with Hay or Straw) or having Wheels the Breadth of Six Inchef, or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, being horizontal on the Surface of the Tire, and rolling an even Surface, drawn by Five or more Horse* or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Three or

Four

559

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, or One Horse or Beall of Draught* the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage (not being laden with Hay or Straw) with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches as aforesaid, or rolling a Surface not horizontal, and drawn by Three or Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence-, and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, or One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Cart or such other Two-wheeled Carriage with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid, or upwards, and drawn by Three or more Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Four pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Cart or such other Two-wheeled Carriage, of Wheels of less than Six Inches Breadth as aforesaid, drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Twp Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by One Hoyfe or Beall of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Three Halfpence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

XXVI. And whereas it would be attended with great Benefit to Additional all Carriages heavily laden, passing on the said Branch of Road

leading from and out of the said Commercial Rond, at or near the Dock Branch North-east Corner of Limcboujt Churchyard, to commumcate with the ot Rojd East India Docks, if the fame were paved, bur, as such Paving will be pa'et-attended with great Expeoce; be it therefore enacted, Thar, iron; and after the Day that the said Branch of Road, leading from and out of the said Commercial Road, at or near the North-east Corner of Limehpufe Churchyard aforesaid, to communicate with the said East India Docks, shall be paved (such Paving not being less in Width than Twenty Feet) and fit for the Railage of Carriages, it shall and may be lawful to and,

for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, tfor and on Account of every Waggon, Wain, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, and for and on Account of every Csrt or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, polling laden along the said Branch of Road leading from and out of the f.iid Commercial Road, at or near the North-call Cornesr of Limelcufe Churchyard, to communicate wirh the East ln..ia Dr cks aforesaid, H3R the Toll or Sum in Addition to the Toll or Su n that might otherwise be demanded and taken for ?.nd on Account thereof respectively by virtue of this Act, in case such last-mentioned Branch of Road had not been pavtd according to the Directions of this Act.

XXVII. And whereas it is provided by tf.e said recited Act, that C:!'t5 w'th no Cart wiih Wheels not less than Six Inches in Breadth, and rolling i^than*0* an even Surface, and which, with its Loading, shall not excetd the inchesin

- 1, Breadth, ex-

\\ eight

560

ceedingThnte Tons, liable to Toll for Overweight.

Powpr to collect Toili,

Payment of Tolls on Road to be made by this Act, not to be an Exemption from Payment of Toll on Commercial Road or Branch of Road, to be made by virtue of recited Act 4* G- 3.

44.0 GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 37.

Weight of Thfee Tons Ten Hundred Weight, shall be liable to be weighed, or to pay any of the Tolls in the said re c ted Act given and granted, as and for Over-weight: And whereas Inch Allowance of Three Tons Ten Hundred Weight has been found to be too great and detrimental to the Road; be it therefore enacted, That if any Cart with Wheels not lrfs than Six Inch, s in Breadth, and rolling an even Surface, aid which, with its Loading, shall exceed the Weight of Three Tons, fhdl pals along any of the Roads directed to be made and repaired by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, within the Didance of Fifty Yards of any Weighing Eng nc t-rest-d there-n, such Cut shall be weighed, and the Ike Tolls shall be paid for every Hundred Weight of such Over-weight exceed ng such Three Tons, as are given and granted by the said recited Act for Ovei-weight; any Thing in (he ft d recited Act, or in any other Ait or A£L, to the contrary thereof in anywise nuiwiihfianding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such levtral and rerp dive Tolls by this Act given and granted, shall and m y be reduced, raised, levied, and collecded, by such and the like Ways and Means as ,h- frversl and rel'peftive Tolls granted by t ie said lecind Act may be raised, levied, and collecded; and such and the like Exemption s iro .1 the leve-ial arid respective Tolls to be demanded and tak.n oy v:rue of the said recited Act, shall extend and be conltru-d to extend to the fever. I and respective Tods to be demanded and taken by virtue cf this A. t; and such Tolls, when so raised, levied, and collected, mall be --pplictl for the several Purposes of carrying the several Powers of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to exempt any Person or Persons who shall have paid any

Toll or Tolls for or in respect of any Coach, Berlin, Land-u, VL-a-Vis,

Chariot, Chaise, Pleasure Carriage, Hcarfe, Litter, or f iclt other Carriage; or for or in respect of any Two-whetled Chaise or Cnatr; or for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, or such other Fou.-wheeled Carriage, or for or in respect of any Cart or such other Two-whee led Carriage-, or for or in respect of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs;

or for or in respect of any Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, Swine,

Sheep, or Lambs, at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on such Part of the Roads, directed to be amended and kept in Repiir by virtue of the said recited Act, from the Payment of another Toll or Tolls in respect thereof respectively, at any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on any Part of the Road directed to be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act; and nothing in the lad rec.ted Act or in this Act contained shall extend, or be cor.strued to extend, so as to exempt any Person or Persons who shall have paid any Toll or Tolls for or in respect of any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-Vre, Charior, Chaise, Pleasure Carriage, Hearse, Litter, or such other Carnage; or for or in respect of any Two-wheeled Chaise or Chair; or for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, or such other Four-whetltd Carriage; or for or in respect of any Cart or other fu. h Two-wheeled Carriage; or (or or in relpecc of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs; or for or in respect of any Drove of Oxen, Neat Cattle, Swine, Sheep, or Lamb.', at

*ny

44- III. Cap. 37. 561

any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on any Part of the said Road directed to be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, from the Payment of another Toll in respect thereof, at any Gate or Turnpke erected or to be erected on such Part of the said Road directed to be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of the Paid recited Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls hereby For the AppH-pranted and to be from Time to Time collected and received by virtue <*"«"" of the of this Act, on the said Branch of Road leading from and out of the on the East1* laid Commercial Road, at or near the North-east Corner of Limehouse lni|i. nock Church-yard, to communicate with the East India Docks, and also lead- {^,aadchoi ing from and out of RoLinbocd Lane aforesaid to communicate with P,filar Street aforesaid; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money

which may be from Time to Time received thereon, or subscribed, or borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall by the said Trustees be applied and disposed of, in the First Place, in payirg and defraying such Portion of the Charges and Expences herein directed ro be paid out of such Tolls and Sum and Sums of Money as shall be incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and then in defraying the Charges tnd Expences of making, repairing, altering, widening, lighting, watching, paving, and watering the said Branch of Road, a~d in paying the several Sums of Money subscribed or borrowed by virtue of this Act, on the Credit of the Tolls collected or received on the said Branch of Road, and the Interest thereof, and carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, so far as the fame relates to the said Branch of Road, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose, whatsoever; and the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required to keep or cause to be kept separate and distinct Accounts of all such Sum and Sums of Money so received by them, and of the Application thereof.

XXXI. And be it farther enacted, That the several Collectors of the Collector! to Tolls at the several Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on the lllue Ticket!. Roads directed to be amended and repaired by virtue of the said recited

A.t and this Act, shall and they are heiby required to deliver a Ticket gratis, to the Person or Per forts paying any Toll or Tolls at such respective Gates or Turnpikes, such Ticket denoting Payment of such Tolls respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall For prevent-make or cause to be made any Saw-pit, or build or raise, or cause to be IngNui-butlt or r.iifrt!, any Shed, Hovel, or Petithouse, or shall place or cause to i‘mcc*"

be placed any Pa-ilifadocs, Water Trough, Tub, or other Thing for watering Hbrfi-s or Cattle, or for any other Purpose, or any Goods,

"Wares, Merchandizes, or orher Mutters cr Things, or any other Obstructiuh. Annoyance, or Encroachment whatsoever, on or by the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads, directed to be made and repaired by Virtue of the f.iid recited Act and this Acr, contrary to the Directions and Provisions in the said recited Act and this Acr, or either of them contained, every such Person so effndme, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding' Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to tkefevcia! Purposes of the said recited Acc and this Act.

[Icc. V Per.] 7 C

562

For preventing 61 jury being done to the Roads.

Hoards, etc. not to be made for building and repairing without Leave.

Tn case of Default in Payment of Ex-ptnees, etc. Materials may

440 G E ORGII III. Cap. 37.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on, or drive, or lead any Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage over or upon any Foot-path or Ciui'eway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Patt of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other C irr age shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Polls or Srones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways, or any Lamp Pods or other Pods; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, er any Plough, Harrow, or o.her Implement of Husbandry (without some reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carnage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and Handing as near the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be) in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Be.ft harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whaLoever, upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

XXXIV. And whereas Persons concerned in building and repairing Houfrs and ocher Works, frequently inclose or otherwise occupy Part of the said Roads for the making of Mortar, and the depositing of Brick5, Lime, Timber, and other Materials, to the great Annoyance, Obstruction, and Danger of Passengers and Carriages passing and repassing on the said Roads, and to the Detriment thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall erect, build, or set up, or cause to be erected, built, or set up, any Inclosure, Pods, Bars, or Rails, or lay, place, or depofic any Bricks, Lime, Timber, or other Materials, in or upon any Part of the said Roads directed to be made and repaired by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or the Sides thereof, without the Consent of the said Trustees, in Writing, first had and obtained, or beyond such Bounds or Limits, or without such Inclosure or Hoard as shall be directed and allowed by the said Trustees, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, to cause the same to be removed, taken, or carried away, and deposited in such Place or Places as the said Trustets, shall direct or appoint, there to remain and be kept until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid and discharged all Curts, Charges, and Expences attending the removing, taking, carrying away, depofuing, and keeping the same as aforesaid (such Costs, Charges, and Expences being first settled and afetr-tained by any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middle-fete) and such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, to be ascertained by such Justice: Provided always, that in case any such Offender or Offenders shall make Default in Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and the Penalty to be afeettained by such Justice as aforesaid, within the Space of Five Days from the taking thereof, it shall and may

44° GEORG G11 III. Cap. 37. 363

be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, be so,> E*-to sell and dispose of such Polls, Bars, kails, Bricks, Lime, Timber, or §e"uctedrand other Materials, for the Payment of such Expences and Penalties as Overplus aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Offender or Offenders on retulned* Demand, after dedufling such F.xpences and Penalty as aforesaid, together with all reasonable Costs and Charges attending the felling and dtf-posing of such Polls, Bars, kails, Brick, Lime, Timber, or other Materials, for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Hous^tobe Three or more of them, rr.av order and direct the Houses and Buildings "n^Namesof that shall or rna;, b ert dtni and bn it in or upon the said R acts directed to be Maces to be

made and rep ir- 1 b, virtue of th f id recited Ail or thi- Ait, or anvof them, all'xe2""Cor-_ ntr oi Houses,

to be numbeml with figures I ccl or painted on the Doors thereof, or eic. on such other Part of the said Huuffs respi dt.vely, as they the said Trustee', or any Three or more of them, shall think proper; and may also order and dirtfl to be engraved, painted, or otherwifr dtfenbed, in a conspicuous Part of any Row ot Houses or Buildings that may be built as aforrfdd, at or near the End or Corner ol such Row of Hiufes or Buildings that may be lb built as aforesaid, the Names by which such Row or Rows ot Houses may be called or known, and also to p’ace and fit up any such Board or Boards as they shall think proper for ascertaining the Distances between particular Places; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or malinously d.-llroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, a^d shall be convicted thereof by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wimeffes, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace ailing in and for the said County of Middlesex, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may Person*rated

he lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall think himlclf, her- TruflSs.'who felt, or themselves, aggrieved by any of the Rates or Assessments made may examine or to be made under or by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, to *jat«

appeal to the said Trustees, which laid Appeals the said Trustees are Rates.

h reby requi-ed to hear and determine from Time to Time, and are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnessfes, or the Person or Persons so app-tl.ng, upon Oath (which Oath any Three or more of the said 1 'ultccs may administer) and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said i rnftees, or any 1 hr e or more of them, to lessen, mit gate, reduce, or txcufe such Rate nr Assessmcm, and to relieve such Person or Persons so appealing, in such Manner as the fai.l Trustees, or any Three or more of mem, shall think proper.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed and Requiring the to be appointed under or by virtue of the ljtd recited Act or this Act, Trusteesto shall, and they are hereby required Yearly, previous to the Twenty-fifth 'coun '

Day of March in every Year, to make or cause to be made true Statements

of the Accounts relative to the fever. l Roads and Branches of Road hrrein-before mentioned, up in the Tiiiity-first Day of December next pteerding such Twenty-fifth Day of March respectively, in which several

Statements

5 64 44 GEORGII III. Cap.

Statements shall be specified and set forth all the Monies subscribed or borrowed for the making or maintaining, or otherwise on Account of the said Roads or Branches of Road respectively then remaining due and owing, and also the Application oi the fame respectively, lik-wile the Monies received for Tolls or otherwise, in respect of each of the faicf Roads or Branchcsof Road, and how the fame have been from Time roTime applied or disposed of, in order that the true Statement erf the Accounts of the said several Concerns may thereby manifestly and distinctly appear; and also to cause such respective Accounts to be fairly and plainly entered Yearly, on or before every Twenty-fifth Day of March as aforesaid, in a Book or Books to be kept at the Commercial Road Office, or other Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for that Purpose, and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being; to which Book or Books all Persons interested in the said Road and Branches of Road, or any of them, as Proprietors of Stock or Creditors, shall respectively have free Access at all seasonable Hours to infp; £t and examine the fame, or make Extracts therefrom, at their, his, or her free Will and Pie tore; and that the said Accounts shall alto specify from Time to Time the Alterations (if any) made by increasing or lefiening the Toil to be taken on the said Hoads or Branches of Road, or any or either of them.

To alter th»

XXXVIII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act declared, That Acts'*' °g'a* anc* every and Persons who Ikould be Trustees for the Pur-

ami 5 am) 39 pose of putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament, One made in reflectin' th" ^’c Twenty-seventh Year of His His Majesty King George the Second, Cmmh Strut intituled, An Act for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair a Read Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon Street, in the County of Middle-lex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwdl Street into the B.ick Lane, in the said County of Middlesex; and another made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His prefen: Majesty, intituled, An Act to enlarge th: Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway through Cannon Streer, in the County of MiddhftrX, and ether Roads in the said Act mentioned, and for lighting, watching, and watering the said Roads-, and one other Act, made in the Thiity-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Tears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par Ham nt, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majrfly King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His p eftnt Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Ratcliffe Highway through Cannon Strett, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of fflex, and also from the West End of Brook Street i to Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwrll Street into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex; relptfting the Road called the Cannon Street Road, therein mentioned, should, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, cease to be fuih Trustees to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Persons had all died or religned, or be-con e disqualified from being Trustees, in Manner in the said recited Acts of the Twenty-feveruh Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty mentioned; and that all and every the Person and Persons in and

by

5*3

44° GEORG il III. Cap. 37.

by the said red ed Act of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, named and appointed to be Trustees for the Purposes thereof, and their Successors, should be and become Trustees for the putting in Execution the said recited Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, respecting the said Road called the Cannon Street Road, in the ltoom and Stead of the then present Trustees, under the said last recited Acts, in as full and ample Manner and Form, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as if the said Trustees under the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, had been elected and chosen Trustees under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and the Fifth, Thirty-ninth, and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, in Manner and Form as in the fame Acts is mentioned and directed; and that all the Powers, Authorities, Duties, Matters, and Things whatsoever, given or granted to, or veiled in, or required to be done or performed by the said Trustees, under the said Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, should, from and after the passing of the said Act, be veiled in, and be exercised, done, and performed by the Trustees in the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty named, and their Successors, as fully and eft'eftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame might or could have been exercised, done, or performed by the said Trustees, under the said Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and the F'tfth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty aforesaid; and that all and every the Clauses, Directions, Provisoes, Matters, and Things, in the said last-recited Acts mentioned and contained, should in all other Respects whatsoever be and continue in full Force and Effect, and should be performed, executed, and done by the Trustees under the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, and their Successors, in as full and ample Manner, and under and subject to the Conditions in the farci Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Yeats of His present Majesty mentioned and contained, as they might and ought to have been executed, done, and performed by the Trustees under the said last-mentioned Acts, in calc the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty had not been made; and as if all the said Clauses, Directions, Provisions, Matters, and Things were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of the said recited Act of the F'orty-Iecond Year of His present Majesty.

XXXIX. And whereas it will be a material Convenience, if a smaller Number of I ruflees were enabled to act in the Execution of the said Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, than are by the fame Acts directed and allowed; be it therefore enacted, That all ami every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Matters, and 'filings, given to or directed to be done and executed by or before any Nme or more tf the said Trustees acting in Execution of the said recked Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, may be done and executed by or before any Seven or

A [Jloc. hf Per.J 7 D more

For lessening the Number of Trustees acting under the Acts 17 G. t. and the; and 39 and 40 G. 3,

566

Acts »7 G. i. S and 39 and 4o G. 3. continued.

Meetings of Trustees on Emergencies under Act 17 G. a, and 5 and 39 and 40 G. 3.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

more Trustees, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Di'tft'onS, Matters, and Things, given to or directed to be done and executed by or before any Seven or more Trustee-, may be done and executed by or before any Five or more Trustees, and ail and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Matte.'s, and Things given to or directed to be done by or before any Five or more Trustees, may be done and executed by or before any Three or more Trustees; and a!! Acts, Matters, and Things, so done and executed resptctively, shall be of the fame Foice and Eftlcr, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Acts, Matters, and Things, had been dene and executed by a greater Number of Trustees.

XL. And whereas the several Roads directed to be amended and kept in Repair by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Twenty-fcvemh Year i f the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are subject to the Jurisdiction and Controul of the Trustees acting in Execution of the said recited Act made in the Fort.-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and of this Act, and it would be right and proper that all the said recited Acts should have a concurrent Term; be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Tolls, Clauses, Powers, Exernp. tions. Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Directions, Payments, Provisions, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, (Eve and except such Pitts of the same as relate to the Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and they are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect for and during the Term herein-afeer mentioned, and shall extend and have relation to the repairing, amending, and widening the Roads mentioned and described in the said recited Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and to all Matters and Things therein contained, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act.

XL.I, And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Trustees, acting under or by virtue of the Hid recited Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, it Avail at any Time be thought necessary that a Meeting of the said Trustees should be holden ac an earlier Day than the Diy to which such Meeting should have been adjourned, or in case at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said Trustees, a 1‘ufEcient Number of Trustees should not be present for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of King George the Second, and the Fifth, Thirty-ninth and Fortieth and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty, and this Act, i nto Execution, or to adjourn, then and in every such Cale the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, being given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith cause publick Notice of such Meeting to be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said several and respective Roads directed to be amended and repaired by virtue of the said recited Acts

567

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Acts of the Twenty-seventh Ye.ir of His late Majesty, and the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Mujerty, Seven Days at the lead before such Mce i.ig; and ail Proceedings of the said Trustees at such Meeting fh .11 be as good and effectual, to all Interns and Purposes whatsoever, as they would have been in case the said Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment; any Thing in the said hertin-before recited Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year oi King George the Second, and the FTh, Thirty-ninth, and Fortieth and Forty.second Years of His present Majesty, or any of them, or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anyw.fe notwithstanding.

XLII. And whereas it would be attended wiih great Benefit to all Ctr- Additional riages heavily laden, passing on the Roads directed to be made and main- T^lltobe^ tainrd under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Twenty- \n"0'n strict seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in ihe Fifth and Thirty- Road i. paved, ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, if the lame were paved; but as such Paving will be attended with a gr at Expence, be it therefore enacted, Thar, fioin and after the Dsy that such Roads shall for the Space of Twc-:hird Parts thereof in Length be paved, and such Pavement shall be fit far the Passage of Carriages, it fli .11 and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, in add.tio i to the Toll di ected to be demanded and taken under and by virtue of the said last recited Acts, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, for and on Account of every Waggon, W in, or other such Four-whee'ed Carriage, and fof and on Acc unt of every Cart or such other Two-wheeled Ca riage puffing laden along the said Roads, the respective Tolls following; (.hat is to %).

For every Waggon, Wain, or such other Four-wheeled Carriage (laden with Hay or Straw) or having Wheels of the Breadth of Six Indus Or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, being ho izontal on the Su face of the lire, and rolling an even Surface, drawn by Five or more Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Nine pence , and drawn by Three or Four Hotfes or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixperc-; and drawn by Two Horses or Hearts of Draught, or One Horse or B.act of Draughr, the Sum of Three-pence:

Fur every Waggon, Wain, or such other Four-wheeled Carriage (not being laden with Hay or Straw) with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches as aforesaid, or rolling a Surface not horizontal, and drawn by Three or Four Horses or Be-fts of Di aught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and dr-wn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, or One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

Fur every Cart or such other Two-wheeled Carri ige with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as afore fa d, or upwr.rds, and drawn by Three or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four pence; and drawn by Two H tries or Brafts of Draught, the Sum of Tivee.pence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of D <ugfu, the Sum of One Penny: And,

Fur every Ca t or such other Two-wheeled Carriage, of less than Six Inches in Breadth as aforesaid, and diawn by Three Horses or Bead- of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or li.-acts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Brad of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence.

568

Pav«ii>nf of such I'ol on Cannon Sti ect Road lo exempt from Payment of the lilcr- Toll on Comner-ciil Road, a ad vice <versa%

In case of not making out Titles 5

or if Persons cannot be found, Fur-chafe Money to be paid into th Bank.

Where any Question shall anse touching the Title to Money to be

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thar the Payment of such additional or paving Toll upon the said Roads directed to be made and maintained under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the IVenty-seventh Y*ar of the Reign of His late Majesty King George tho Second, and in the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His prcFnr Majesty, (iaall be and the fame is hereby declared to be an Exemption from the Payment of the additional or paving Toll by this Age directed to be taken upon the said Commercial Road; and that the Payment of such additional cr paving Toll upon the said Commercial Road shall in like Manner be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, an Exemption from the Payment of the Paid additional or paving Toll by this Act directed to be taken upon the Fid Roads directed to be made and maintained under or by virtue of the said last-mentioned Acts; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Pure iafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Abb made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth and Thirty, ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of Fits present Majesty, or any of them, or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Sutisficbon of the said Trustees-, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Triiltee?, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Mun-y, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the fata Lands, Tenements, or Fie-reditaments [describing the m], inhjeft to the Order, Controul, and Dispo-fnion of the said Court of Chancery; which said Coure of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribuiion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eftare or Effaces, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court (half seem just and reasonab'e; and the Cashier or Calibers of the B ink of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance

of

4-i0 GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

5 69

bf this A£, for che Purchase cf any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- ftVu°heiii0 laments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts made in the Pofliffion of Twenry-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Se- ht Timfof cond, and in the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His such Puidiafe, present Majesty, or any of them, or of this Adf, or to any Bank Annuities in-

to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any titled thereto fuclt Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poflef- ^bpoflSlion ft,hi of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession cf such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank An uities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unlrfs it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession wa, a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Perfms was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fume Estate or Imerelt therein.

XLi I. Provided also, and be it enabled, That where, by reafan of any The Court Disability or Iicapuity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled of Chancery to any Lands, Ttnonen s, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the "enableEx-Authoruy of the la,d Eft recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, pmces «.fPur« the Pun hile Money for the same shall be required ro be paid into the Co rt of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, irusteei. Tcwmenrs, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reig 1 of His present Majesty, or of" this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the fail Ccuu ot Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said last rtciied Acts or any of them, or of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said C iurt shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Eft recited Acts and of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums ol Money for such surposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That One Half of the Costs, Charges, Cothoftliii and Exprr.c «, incident to and attend tig the obtaining and puffing of this Aittobepaid. Act, shall be pjid and lat i- tied by tl.c said Trustees, out of the Monies Collected or received by vntue of the said tetited Act made in the Forty-fcccn I Ye r of the Reign of His ] relent Majesty, or to be collected or ireeived by vurue of this Aift, on the said Cc mmeicial Road, and One-I u ih of such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be paid and fuisfied by the la d Trustee* out of the Toils, or out of the Mcnies to be borrowed cm the Cred t o' *he 1 ol's to be collected on the said new Bram h of R ad, and thcothrr Fourth Part of f ch Coils, Charges, and F.xpences, shall be p id and Etisfe.l by the fain Trustees out of the Moniescolkct.-d or received, u to be collected or received by virtue of the fud recited Acts made in the Twenty-fcvi tith Year of the TL'gn of Hij I te Majesty King George the Second, and in the Filth and Thirty-ninth and Fouieth Years of che Reign of His present Majesty, in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

ILoe. Lf Per.]

7 E

57°

[Publick Act.]

Continuance of this Act, and of recited Aftt.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and be deemed to be a Publick Acr, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and after the passing thereof, and shall, together with the said recited Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the said recited Acts made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fifth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, continue and be in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*Ht- - *01

Cap. 3S.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging die Powers of an Act, passed foi repairing the Road from the Town of Brecon, through the Town of Huy, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road, near Uyswen, in the County of Brecon; and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate, to the Gate leading to Garthbrcngy Common, in the said County.

[16th May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Brecon, through the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, and also the Road through Marish Lane, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road, near the Village of Llyfvven, in the same County: And whereas the Trustees for putting the Laid Act in Execution, with respect to the said Road from the Town of Brecon, through the said Town of Hay, to the Black Lion and Whitney Turnpike Gates there, have from Time to Time proceeded in the Execution of the fame, and a very considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remains due and ow ing, and cannot be paid off, nor'can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be lurther continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof in some [Loc. isf Ptr.J 7 F Respects

j

Geo. 3.

574

22 Geo. 5* continued, except what relates to the Marish Lane Road.

The Furnace and Garth-trendy Common R-act to be added to this, and the hud Act, and to be repaired, See.

Difehar^irg the Tru flees from the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Respects altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Act should be increased: And whereas the Road in the said Act mentioned, that is to say, the Road leading through, the Marish Lane, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road, near the Village of L/yfivett aforesaid, having been included in an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Brecon, and for amending certain other Roads in the said County, hath been amended and repaired by the Trustees for executing the said last mentioned Acts accordingly; but it is expedient that the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, should be discharged from the future Care and Management thereof: And whereas the Road leading from the Turnpike Gate, called The Furnace Turnpike Gate, and which runs from thence on the Left Hand Side of the said Turnpike, through the Village of Llandum, to the Gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, is much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the fame were made Turnpike, and included under the Powers and Provisions of the said first recited Act and this Act; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the several Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein*-contained (except so much thereof as relates to the Road leading through the Marish Lane, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road, near the Village of LLyfuien aforesaid, and also except so much of the said Act as relates to Exemption, from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and Eft'eft, and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, for the Purpose from Time to Time of repairing, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road now included in the said first recited Act; and also for making, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate, on the Left Hand Side of the said Turnpike through the Village of Llanduw, to the Gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act, and the Clauses, Powers, aitd Provisions, therein contained, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and as if the said additional Road had originally been Part of the Roads included in the said first recited Act; but subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Alterations, and Amendments, in this Act contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from the passing of this AcT; and this Act, and the additional Term, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due on the Credit or on Account of the said first recited Act, or any former Act, or which shall have been or shall be borrowed on the Credit of the fame and of this Act, and the Into-rest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-

second

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 3-8.

Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the said Road through the Marish Lane, to the Bvdlth and Hay Turnpike Road near the Village of Llyfiver., shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed; and that the Trustees for executing the said Act shall be, and they are hereby absolutely freed and discharged of and from the future Care and Management thereof.

III. And whereas the Quorum of Seven Trustees appointed by the said first recited Act, in certain Cases, is found to be too large, it frequently happening that so great a Number cannot be assembled, be it therefore further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things (except the Power given to the said Trustees of letting, raffing, and lessening the Tolls to be collected under and by virtue of this Act, and the Powers of erecting and faking down Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Toll Gates; the Power of purchasing and exchanging of Lands, and the Power of electing and chusing new Trustees, and of appointing or removing Officers under the said Act and this Aclj which by the said Act are authorized, directed, and required to be done, executed, performed, and determined, by Seven or more Trustees, shall and may from Time to Time hereafter be done, executed, performed, and determined, by the said Trustees, or any Live or more of them, and the fame, when so done, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Acts, Matters, and Things (except as aforesaid) had been done, executed, performed, and determined, by the said Trustees, or an'v Seven or more of them; the said recited Act, or any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he- shall be possessed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Brecon, of the clear yearly Value cl Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Eight Hundred Pounds over and above Payment of his Debts, or unless such Person shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Eighty Pounds, in the County of Brecon, and unless such Person so qualified as aforesaid, shall take an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say:

‘ A.B. do swear, that I truly and bond fide am, in my own Right ['or ‘ in tile Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment [or ‘ Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Forty Pounds, in the County of c Brecon, or, that 1 am Heir Apparent of a Person possessed < fan Estate in ‘ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Eighty ‘ Pounds above Reprizes in the County of Brecon, or, that I am possessed of ‘ or entitled to Personal Futate alone of the Value of Eight hundred ‘ Pounds, over and above Payment of my Debts. So help me GOD.’

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Third Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the several Tolls and Duties granted by the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that instead thereof the following Tolls shall or may

be

575

Care, 8cc. of the Martjh Laru Road*

For lefiening* the Quorum of Tr a Ikes in certain Cales.

Qualification ot Trustees.

Oath.-

Repcaling former To Is* and granti: g new ones.

57-6 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

be demanded and taken, before any Horse, Beall, or other Cattle or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of this or the said recited or any former Act, upon and across any of the said Roads, or upon and across any Lane or Waj leading into the fame; that is to say:

Tolls. For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead of Burthen,

laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding Two Pence, at each Gate and Bar throughout the Whole of the said Roads:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead of Burthen, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, a Sum not exceeding Nine Pence j. and for every such Carriage with Wheels of Six Inches and upwards, a Sum not exceeding Six Pence, at each Gate and Bar throughout the-Whole of the said Roads:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, or other such like Carriage, either with Two or Four Wheels, a Sum not exceeding Nine Pence, at each Gate and Bar throughout the Whole of the said Roads:

For every Score of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Eight Pence, at each Gate and Bar throughout the Whole of the said Roads: And

For every Score of Calves, Swine, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, a Sum not exceeding Ten Pence, at each Gate and Bar throughout the Whole of the said Roads; and so in proportion for every greater or less Number of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, Calves, Swine, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs.

Double Tolls on Sundays.

Tolls vetoed in the Trustees, who mny apportion the

F.xemptions from Toll*

VI. And be it further enacted, That on every Sunday, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall or may be demanded and taken at each of the Gates or Turnpikes already erected or to be erected, under and by virtue of this or the said recited or any former Act, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to collect and receive the same, before any Horse, Cattle, or other Bead shall be permitted to pafS' through the fame, a Sum not exceeding Double the Tolls herein-before directed to be taken on any other Day of the Week: Which said respective Tolls shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall be collected and recovered in the same Manner, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or F.vafion thereof, as are contained in the said first recited Act; and the said-Trustees shall and may proportion, divide, or allot the fame, to be received and taken, at all or any of their Turnpike Gates and Bars, collectively or separately, as they may think proper; but no Toll shall be taken at any Gate or Bar more than Once in the same Day within Twenty-four Hours, computing the Time from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock, in the next succeeding Night.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Holies, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie j or Hay,

Straw 1

577

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but pa fling to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Soilage, Compost, or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pastureor Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Poltmaller General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Ex-prelfes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses,

Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Carts, or Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horse-back, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Brecon, Radnor, or Hereford, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Act, or this Act; any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Turnpike Gate or Exemption Bar shall or may be erected or placed between the present Turnpike Gate from Toll called Glajlury Gate, in the County of Radnor, and the Village of at Gate Brwynllys, in the said County of Brecon, for the Purpose of taking Toll

for narrow w heeled Waggons, Carts, or other such Carriages (on which Glafoury Account alone such Turnpike Gate or Bar shall be permitted to be erected Gate and andplaced)aTickfctdenotingthePayment ol Tollat either of the Gates erected Brwynllys. under and by virtue of the said recited Act, shall exempt every such Carriage from the Payment of Foil at such Gate or Bar so to be erected between Glajlury Gate and Brwynllys aforesaid; any Thing herein or in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding. ,

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more Tru{lees ena of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof Ten Days bled to bo"4'

[Lor. b* Ber.l 7 G Notice

578 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

row Money Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then of the Tolls'1 ere&fd, and on the Market Houses of Brecon and Hay, respectively, and also inserted in some one Newspaper circulating within the said Counties, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part thereof, respectively, and also the said respective Toll Houses and Appurtenances (the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the Re-payment thereof, with such legal or less Interest as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, which said Money so to be borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are herein directed to be applied and disposed of; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, or Assign ments, may be in the Form following, or in such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall think proper; videlicet:

Form of TRY Virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of Mortgage. ‘ His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act, &c. [here ‘ insert the Title of this Act~]: We, Seven of the Trustees, appointed under the said Act and the Act therein mentioned and continued, in Confi-

‘ deration of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Roads

‘ in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto A.B. his Exe-

cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising

from the said Roads, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for col-

‘ lesting the fame, as the said Sum of doth or shall

bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof, to be had ‘ and holden from this Day of in the

‘ Year of our Lord for and during.

the Continuance of the said Acts, unless the said Sum of

‘ with Interest at the Rate of per Centum per An-

1 num, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.’

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk: or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and which said Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected by the said Trustees or Mortgagees, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, without Fee or RevVard; and every Person to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his or her Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit, to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or by any other Writing under his or her Hand, before One credible Witness, in the following Words or Words to the following Effect; videlicet: ‘

Form of I Do transfer this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage, ns the Case may be']

Transfer. ‘ 1 with all my Right and Title to the Principal thereby secured, and to

‘ all Interest now due upon the fame, unto Ex-

‘ ecutors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this ‘ Day of

‘ A.B.

579

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, within Twenty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the beforementioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings; and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign or transfer the fame again, and so titles quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except such to whom the same shall be last transferred), to make void, release, or diLharge the original Security or Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be Creditors to made by virtue of this Act, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums «lual-therein mentioned. Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of the Time of advancing any Sum or Sums of Money on such Mortgage or Mortgages, or of the Dates thereof respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Directing the awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, or 'lp,2llclt" used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Pur- paij f^Composes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, In- pensation for fant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as Lands> &c. in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the " e"o fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all ceedin'r 200I. convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with into Chance-the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to j^Jor d‘e be placed to his Account cx parte the Trustees for executing the said Act potion*. ' and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands and Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said

7 Bank

580 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Where less

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so than 200I. agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased,. ?" "|Ce<r ' taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporator wo Truf- tion, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as afore-tee», &c. said, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Where less

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money tha« 2cl. to f0 agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than pointed by" Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Five Truf- Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been en-

tee.5. titled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not making out Titles; or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money, shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them* to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the

5»i

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

[_dcfc riling the m]; subject to the Order, Controul, and Hifposition of the Qr£r said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Applica- Court of tion of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Chancery, on Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby Motion or empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the eut,on* fame Court shall feetn meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touch- more a ing the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Question England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Title to Mo-Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of ney to be any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, paid,the Per-to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be pur- bTia^ofM-chafed with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank |-lon of t|lt Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, &c. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and at rhc, T,me all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession °i,afe (hal^be of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been law- deemed enti-fully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to tied thereto such Possession, until tire contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank An- faQcn_ ° nuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason The Court t>f any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, may order entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purenafed reasonable under the Authority of the said Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for p* the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied be paid by in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be set- the Trustees. tied to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful lor the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall [Lee. & Per.] 7 H from

582

For paying the Expences of this Act.

Declaring the Act public.

Terra of the Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

from Time to Time pray such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies raised by virtue of the said recited Act, and which shall be in the Treasurer’s Hands, and out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of this and the said recited Act, the said Trustees shall in the first Place pay and discharge all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the procuring and passing of this Act; and the Remainder of the Money so raised, shall from Time to Time be paid and applied in paying the Principal Monies by the said recited Act and this Act charged and borrowed, and to be charged and borrowed upon the fame respectively, for the Repair of the said Roads, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Act, shall on the passing hereof cease and determine; and that the said recited Act (subject to the Variations, Alterations, and Additions, herein contained) and this Act, shall From thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

’. .... . 1 II: ' I (

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s moll’Excellent Majesty. 1804.

%& ‘ ’ s .£ ;.=« ':

>iL? xtlLJ sX&: 1 Cie.

>i p. --'.4 r.{.v , 4.C,.. djj r .-

[rtf 13ftw i.LiiL’t ... Ar :tO

Kb, ;,(3- ,‘j 3 jtVjxi r-

I t*o i,t| fjasi. '3

U:

>: .31 V« 313flv, ijikilL! ’ *1 V yr

- unM-O,?.., ty i ic

-dtnvin:.. ' »i . so* 3r . i; 'x i , «u4 wt &\i

sd /*J- Hi}* «Iro fie. r.iat. vtt

anH* So - 4.^ »; p..’i tj.ii Lisq-vd 4 < - ,v - i

' ‘fl iilhfl -1'*3'» , 2. faiJK Vl*

It,- At- tlltw '<1, - ja;:8cii^d» 1

*.! . art-; i ,*» Hd»1tf . in to serr :..: Hi

«./uAJ&Ajbat*. -.,^1 f

itilM l/. , M »jfdwRXit <u jt4,;. ?

t. liar o tjj . o J r

V :. x. yf|-A'

liA ‘i-vn h. j 111 fa*v,) bn\

fit*

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*<M(*«HMI4MM(

Cap. 39;

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford, so far as relates to such of the Roads comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford.

[16th May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford; and for building a Bridge over the River Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the same County: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to such of the Roads comprized in the said Act, as lie in the County of Hereford: And whereas the Trullees for putting the said Acts tn Execution, with respect to the said Roads in the said County of Hereford, and so much of the fame Roads, distinguished and comprized in the said last mentioned Act, as lie in the Parish of Hay, in the County of Brecon, have from Time to Time [Lac. ft? Per.] 7 / proceeded

32 G.

M G. 3.

586

Acts further continued.

Trustees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap<tf>

proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed on the Credit of the Tulls thereby granted a very considerable Sum of Muncy, which (till remains due and owing, arid cannot be paid off, with the Interest thereon, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unlrfs the Term of the said Acts be further continued and the Powcis and Provisions thereof in some Respects altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said la ft-mentioned Act should be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mud Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and TJikjgSj therein contained, E>/ar as the U:n; ce/pcftively relate to such of the Roads therein comprized'as'lie in the said County of Hereford, and so much of the fame Roads distinguished and comprized in the said last mentioned Act, as lie in the said Parish of Hay, in the said County of Brecon ffave and except such as relate so Exemption from Stjunp Duties, and such as are fvereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall he an$l continue in full Force and Efftdf, and beexecuted forand during she-Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully ard effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions, herein contained, and which shall commence and cake Effect immediately on the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby g ant.d, shall be and are by this Act made subject and liable to the l’aymcn ot a I Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said Acts, or hereafter to be borrowed or),the Credit thereof, and of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due fir the same.

- |r, f - - n -

IF. And be it further enacted, That Henry'yftlin Doctor In Divinirv, Henry Allen, Edward Allen, William Allen Clerk, William Aden, Janet Be{ivan, Hugh Beavan, Joseph Broun, Thomas Before Ci,e:k, 'Joba Brazen, iThomas Brace the younger,’ Sir George Corneifiall Baronet, George Cornwall, Charles Amyand Cornewall, John Geers Colter HI, Lewis Chm/nri, John Clutton Clerk, the Honourable Hetty.Pevereux, Thomas Eliwtt S pun Extern, J in Freeman, the Honourable Andrew Foley, Thomas Fq/ey, James Lloyd Harris, William Haywood, William Higgirls the Voting r, Thorn s Hull, William James, James Jcnes, Ay than Lewes, Edmw.d Thomas Lewis, Edmund Thomas Lewis the younger, John Lloyd Clerk, James Ly,e James WayHv HrFe L'de, JiJhua Metddy, Wat kin Mddy, Thomas Few til, William Parry, Tbpmas SiaUard Peaoyre, Rees Price, Thomas Price, Thomas Purdas, Johs Szilard, Edmund Stafford, John Spencer, JameiSpencer, James Watkins, Walter Watkins, Rickard Wellington, Henry Wel.wgton, Walter Wilkins, Walter Wilkins the younger, John Wilkins the younger, James Williams, and Edward Willian.s, being qualified according to the Directions of th s Ad, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined wiih the Typftees . ppointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts, ifor putting the Lmc and this Act in Execution so far as relates to such ok toe Lid Reads as lie in the said County of Hereford, and so much of the fame Roads, dll nguished and comprized in the said la ft-mentioned Act, as lie in the said P.tush of Hay, in the said County of Brecon-, and the Trustees herein-before nominated and appointed are hereby empowered to act in the Execution

5*7

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

edtihon of the said Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all In--tents and Eurposes, as if they had been nominated and appointed Truf« tecs by or in pursuance of the said Acts or either of them.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification be qualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of any of the Powers oftiwTrafr of the said Acts or of this Act (except in administering the Oath to any tee‘" other of the Trustees at their First Meeting! unless he shall take the Oath following; (that is to say),

4 A.B. do swear, That I truly and bend fide am, in my own Right £cr, oith.

in the Rightof mv Wife] in the actual Possession or Enjoyment [cr, in the Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- ments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, above Re- prizes, «r, possessed of or entitled to Personal Efface alone, or, Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds, over and above Payment of all my just Debts.

'So help me GOD

And if any Person shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of Penal-i non this and the said Acts without having first taken the said Oath, every such nj*

Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to q any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by B.ll, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager *of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, or otherwise shall pay the-said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Pan of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this and the said Acts.

IV. And whereas the Quorum of Seven Trustees appointed by the said For'i-fTcnin^ recited Ace, in certain Cases, is found to be too large, it frequently hap- cf

pming that so great a Number cannot be assembled; be it therefore fur- certain Cales, th'-r era' ted, Tnut all Acts, Matters, and Things (except the Power given to the said Ti afreet, of letting, raising, and leffehing the Tolls, and the Power ot erecting or taking clown Turnpikes and Toll Houfi-s, and the Power ot purchasing and exchanging of Lands, and electing and choosing new Trustees and appointing or removing Officers under the said recited Acts), which by the said rcciced Acts are authorized, directed, and required to be dour, executed, performed, and determined by Seven of more Trustees, shall and may from Time to Time hereafter be done, executed, performed, and determined by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and the fame when fodone shall be as valid and tvfmual, as if such Acts, Matters, and Things (excepc as aforesaid), hall been done, executed, performed, and determined by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them , the said recited Acts, or any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the Third Day of Former Toll* Alarch One thousand eight hundred and five, the several Tolls and Du- repealed, ties granted by the said last recited Act shall cease, determine, and be no longer pud or payable, and that instead thereof the following Tolls shall or may be demanded and taken, before any Ho;fe, Beast, or other Cattle,

or

588

Double Toll* on Sunday!.

Trustres may proportion and divide the Toll*.

Exemption* from Toll.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

fit Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of this or the said recited Acts, upon and across any of the Hoads included in the said last-recited Act or upon and across any Lane or Way leading into the fame j (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, and Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding Two-pence at every Gate and Bar throughout the Whole of the said Roads:

For every Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding One Penny at every Gate and Bar throughout the Whole of the said Roads:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast of Burthen, drawing any Waggon, Carr, or other such Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, a Sum not exceeding Nine-pence} and for every Carriage with Six-Inch Wheels, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence for every Horse or Beast of Burthen at every Gate and Bar throughout the Whole of the said Roads; but Two OSen are to be in all the above Cases deemed liable to be paid for only as One Horse:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast drawing any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, or any such Carriage, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence at every Gate and Bar throughout the Whole of the said Roads;

For every Score of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Eight-pence at each Gate and Bar throughout the Whole of the said Roads:

For every Score of Calves, Swine, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pentfe at each Gate and Bar throughout the Whole of the said Roads, and so in Proportion for any greater or lcfs Number of Cattle, Calves, Swine, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, there shall or may be demanded and taken at each of the Gates or Turnpikes already crested or to be erected under and by virtue of the said last recited Act and this Act, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to collect and receive the same, before any Horse, Cattle, or other Beast shall be permitted to pass through the fame, Double the Tolls herein-before directed to be taken on any other Day of the Week, which said respective Tolls shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall be collected and recovered in the same Manner, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, as are contained in the said recited Acts or either of them* and the said Trustees shall and may proportion, divide, or allot the same to be received or taken, according to their Discretion, in Mannar before mentioned and limited; but no Tolls shall be taken at any Gate or Bar more than Once in the same Day within Twenty-four Hours, computing the Time from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succceding Night.

VII. And be it further enacted, That ndne of the Tolls hereby granted shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said

Roads,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 589

Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed irf the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or fir any Waggons,

Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Hotfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs,

Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Soilage,

Compost, or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improve ing Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishrs; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any fide Person, or upon other his Parochial or Miniftctial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mads of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame} or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafies; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Caialh, Chair, or Paficnger on Hprle-back going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties oi Brecon, Hereford, and Radnor, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; atxi i£ any Person or Pc’fons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for ffveri f ch Off.-nce any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety thereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied t6 the Purposes of this Act; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees} or any Severn Trusteesen. or more of them, at any Meeting to he held for that Purpose, whereof-ableJ to bor-Ten Days Notice shall be given in Writing to be affixed upon all the oTti^ciridit Turnpikes then ereftrd, and on the Marktt Houl'cs of Hertford and Hay of the Toll*, respectively, and also inferred in some one Newspaper circulating within the said County of Hereford, may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part thereof respectively, and also the said respective Toll Houses and Appurtenances (the Charges of assigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Tertrt dufing the Continuance of this [Loe. & Per.'] 7 K Act

1

59° 4V GEORGII HI. Cap. 39.

Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to (retire the Repayment thereof, with such legal or less Interest as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; which said Money fa to be borrowed shall be applied and ddpoled of in such Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are herein directed to be applied and disposed of; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, or Alignments, may be in the Form following, or in such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall think proper; (videlicet),

Form of the tjY virtue of an Act, psffed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign

Mortgage. of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the ‘Title ‘ of this A£f\ We, Seven of the Trustees appointed under the said Act and the Acts therein mentioned, in Consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Roads in

4 Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demile unto A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising from the said Roads, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof, to be had and holden from this Day of

in the Year of our Lord for

and during the Continuance of the said Acts, unless the said Sum of with Interest, at the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.’

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Bock or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and which said Book or Books shall and may, at ail seasonable Times, be perused and inspected by the said Trustees, or Mortgagees, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, without Fee or Reward; and every Person to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his or her Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit in the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest, to any other Person or Persons who nsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or by any other Writing under his or her Hand, before One credible Witness, in the following Words, or Words to the following Effect; (videlicet),

Form of ‘ T DO transfer this Mortgage [cr, a certain Mortgage, as the Case may

Transfer. 4 be~\ with all my Right and Title to the Principal thereby secured,

and to all Interest now due upon the fame, unto

4 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

4 Day of A. B.'

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, within Twenty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred; for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of thtm, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings, and such Trans-

/(ffc

ilb1

0

midi

ufb

((iii®

ji

IX.

mink

fllltd

Iff

Ute, tia [it

jolt

itNt Coot fata shall C«ir inf aHi it ft to, mini & it it Ut tit 2 otic feic No fell

it

to

*i

H

<r

k

k

V

fe

fe

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 591

fer shall then entitle such AITignee, his, her, or their Executors, Admfi nistrators, and AlTigns to the Benefit thereof, and Paymentvthereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Pet-fons (except such to whom the same shall be lait transferred), to make void, release, or discharge the original Security or Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof j and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of the Time of advancing any Sum or Sums of Money on such Mortgages or Mortgage, or of the Dates thereof respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the amounting to Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, ol.

Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first-recited Act parucularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Dirtflion and with the Approbation of the Lid Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands and Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditament, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trolls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities-, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments

592

Application of Corapen-fation if Ids than aoo/. and exceeding so I.

Application of Com pen farion, if leis than 201

In case of not making out Titles, or if Person scan not be found,

Pir chafe Money to he p^id into the B ink, subject to the Order of the ('ouit of Chancery.

44° GEORGII 111. Cap. 39.

ditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands and Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability cr Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Uie and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid ro be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defcri>dng them'y, subject to the Order, Control,

593

4-4-° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

troul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and investtd in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution rhercof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said C’urt shall seem jult and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and spetifying for what and for whose Use the lame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum of Sums of Money into the Bmk as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Cou't of Chancery, in pursuance of the said reci eJ Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamrnrs, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased wiih any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Poffdlion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the nea flaiy Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money lor such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

[Lw. £<? Per.~] 7 L

Where any Question shall arile touching the Title to Money to he paid, the P:r-ion who shall be in Poll'ei-fion of’ the Lands, 6fc, at the Time of such Purchase, shall hr deemed entiled ihei ecu ac-co- ding to inch Poitcssion.

The Court of Chancery

n<» 01 r Expences of m*r ha its to be paid.

594

Evpences this Act to be p*id out of the Toll*.

Gatekeepers, etc. 10 be competent Witndfe*.

Trufrees may make Fences, etc. to prevent Tolls being evaded.

Power to Collector* to detain unknown Perform puilty of Offences.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

XV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies ratted by virtue of the said last recited Act which shall be in the Treasurer’-' Hands, and out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of the said Act and this Act, the said Trustees shall in the First Place pay and discharge all the Costs, Charges, and Expence* irrcidenc to and attending the procuring and passing of this Act; ant! the Remainder of such Mo. ney so raited shall from Time to Time be applied by the said Trustees in paying the Principal Monies and Interest due and to grow due on the Credit of the said Tolls, and in the Repair of the said Roads, and otherwise in putting the said Acts and this Act in Execution.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his or their being so appointed Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall see Occasion, to make or cause to be made such Hedges, Ditches, Walls, and Fences by the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or upon or acroL any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands adjoining the fame, in such Manner as they shall judge necessary, so that the Payment of the Toils granted by this Act may not be evaded; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down, or in any wise damage, displace, or carry away any such Hedge, Wall, or Fence, Or any Part thereof, or shall fill up or spoil any such Ditch, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Ten Shillings, which Penalties shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as Penalties by the said Acts are dirteted to be levied and recovered.

XVIII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act may be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively acting under this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for lo doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions to be holden for the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, and on such Conviction, or for Want of sufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, District, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain until he, she, or they shall pay the respective Penalty by him, her, or them-

595

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

them incurred for such Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, if they shall see Cause, to pay and apply any Part of the Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, arising and payable under and by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to and for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons taking or seizing any Offender or Offenders, or assisting the rein.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trusts^to Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required to continue to Rad l-atiing amend, and from Time to Time keep in Repair the Road m ide from lo acrtam the Foot of the present Bridge over the River Wye, to communicate with the said Turnpike Road; and in case it shall happen that One or more new Bridge or Bridges, at or near the Site of the said present Bridge over the said River, shall at any Time be built instead thereof, that then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required, after a new Road shall be made from the same by the Proprietors for the Time being of the present Bridge, or any future Bridge or Bridges, to amend, and from Time to Time keep in Repair, the Road or Roads which shall be made from such new Bridge or Bridges to communicate with the said Turnpike Road.

XX. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees Truitts em-are by the said Acts or this Act empowered to make, or by reason of j? |Jv(',r ll diverting of some Part or Parrs of the said Roads, they may happen ncot «an*t"d to be lcifed of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, and of some Piece or GrthePur-Parccl of the said old Roads, over and above what shall be necessary for ‘hi*

effecting the Purposes of the said Acts or this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lid Trustees to fell and dir-pose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Piece or Pieces of the said old Roads, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find mod advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame; and that the said Trustees, before personswhoft they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of the said old Roads, Lands adjoin shall fi ft offer the same to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall act-join thereto; and that the said Trustees, before they shall (ell or dispose of the said Piece or Pieces of overplus Ground, shall first offer to reltll the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or repurchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit, to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground shall lie, by some Heifon or Persons no ways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered,

shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be; and in csfe such Person

596

Putlhk Act.

Term of the Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 39*

son or Persons shall be dtfi ous of purchasing or repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they and the said Tr flees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jmy in Manner in the said first recited Act directed, with respect to dispoted Value of Premises to be purchased by the Trustees for executing the said Acts or this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner in the said last mentioned Act directed, mutaiis mutandis , and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act , but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any M.fappii-cation or Nonapplication of such Money.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, ard as such be judicially taken Notice of, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, shall, upon the passing of this Act, ceale and determine; and that the said Acts (subject to the Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein-before contained), and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 40.

An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in the Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick.

[16th May 1804.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Turnpike Road which leads from the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, at or near a Dwelling House called or known by the Name or Sign of The Swan Inn, situate in the Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, through the said Parish of West Bromwich, and the Parishes of Aldridge and Handfworlb in the said County of Stafford, and the Parish of Sutton Coldfteld, in the said County of Warwick, that communicates with the King’s Highway, which leads from the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Sutton Coldfield, at or near a Dwelling House called or known by the Name or Sign of The Horse and Jockey situate in Money, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield aforesaid, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, widened, turned, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And whereas it would [Loc. £*? Per.] 7 M be

598

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

be of great Convenience to the Neighourhood, and of publick Utility, if the said Road was amended, widened, altered, turned, improved, and kept in Repair; but the fame cannot be efftfted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and v.i;h the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spititual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament afienbled, and by the Autho-Trustees. rity of the lame. That Charles Bcwyer Adderley, John Adams. James Adams, William Adams, Charles Adams, John Adams the younger, Richard Adams, Thomas Adams, Samuel Adams, Samuel Aidifon, Thomas Archer, John Arnold, George Birch, the Reverend Luke Booker, Thomas Biggs, the Reverend James Boufquel, James Bourne, Jojef h Green Bourne, Samuel Bennett, William Bennett, Thomas Blakemore, the Reverend Btackham, Edward

Bannifier, Henry Bell the younger, James Blakjhazv, Joseph Barns, William S. Bu'lock, Wiliam Bullock the younger, James Bullock, Walter Brin-ton, John Brinton, Edward Bridgewater, Stephen Barber, Richard Barber, William Bedford, Thomas Bret tell, John Bade ley, George Brifoe, Dudley Bag-ley, the Reverend John Bradley, William Bothams, William Bothams the younger, Thomas Barrs, William Barrs, John Beaumont, Vaughan Barber, Nathaniel Goodwin Clarke, the Reverend Joseph Cartwright, Cornelius Cartwright, Waftel Cliff, Joseph Cooper, Cornelius Cartwright the younger, Edward Crowlher, Joseph Curtis, Joseph Curtis the younger, Edwaft Crcxall the younger, the Reverend William Blow Collis, Curzon, Richard

Court, John Cox, the Honourable Legge, commonly called Lord

Lewisham, John Daniel, Thomas Dudley, the Reverend John Dudley, isaac Dixon, Dixon, Walter Day, Thomas Dutton, Edward Dixon, Ed-

ward Dixon the younger, Joseph Dixon, John Davies, Edward Davies, David Davies, William Davis, Richard Dudley, the Reverend John Darwelt, Edward Darwelt, Edward Ellwell, William Elwell, William Elwell the younger, Joseph Embrey, William Fletcher, the Reverend Thomas Lane Freer, James Fisher, Edward Fisher, Charles Forsler, Daniel Fisher, William Fellows, John Fereday, Samuel Fereday, the Right Honourable George Harry Grey, commonly called Lord Grey, John Gough, Benjamin Gibbons, Thomas Gibbons the younger, Edward Guefl, Joseph Green, Michael Goodall, Francis Goodall, Gilbert Haugbton, Roger Gem, Thomas Gem the younger, John Granger, Arthur Gilbert, Abel Grove, Charles Grove, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp Baronet, William Hicks, Thomas Homfray, the Reverend Alexander Bunn Haden, Andrew Hackett, John Hackett, Thomas Holbeche, William Homer, John Harrison, Thomas Hodgkins, Thomas Hipkins, William Hipkins, Joseph Haden, Thomas Homer, Richard Homer, Joseph Hateley, Joseph Hill, Timothy Hill, Daniel Hill, Mark Hughes, Joseph Hodgelts, Booth Hedgetts, Benjamin Hughes, isaac Hadley, Joseph Hadley, Thomas Horton, Richard Hawkes, Hal/am Doctor in Divinity, Henry Hall am, John Hipkifs,

William Hughes, William Haynes, Henry Halford, Joseph Halford, Gilbert Haughton, the Reverend Thomas Shaw Hellier, Thomas Hawkes the younger, George Wright Hawkes, Roger Wright Hawkes, William Hunt, Thomas Have, Hila Holden, John Hawkins, Jervois Clarke Jervois, Thomas Clarke Jervois, the Reverend Samuel Clarke Jervois, Richard Jeff on of West Bromwich, Edward Jffop, Joseph JeJJ'on, Thomas Jeffon, the Reverend William Jtffe, Thomas Izon, William Izon, George Jones, Benjamin Jacob, Archibald Kendrick, William Kendrick, James Kier, Sir Edward Lyttleton Baronet, Sir Robert Lawley Baronet, Thomas Loynes, the Reverend James Lomax, Jo-Jeph Maullin, Richard Mtort, John Mayne, John Afaytie the younger, Wil-

599

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Ham Mayr.e, Joseph Moore, John Mil's, William Osborne, Shirley Farmer Steele Perkins, Daniel Parsons, Richard Powell, Benjamin Parker, Edward Parker, William Penn, James Pitman, John Reed, Jofc-pb Robins, Thomas Robins, Samuel Read, Robinson, John Rawlins, the Honourable

Washington Shirley, Benjamin Spenser Doctor in Divinity, Joseph Scott, Edward Dolman Scott, Thomas Spurrier, William Spurrier, Joseph Spurrier,

Walter Spurrier, Joseph Stubbs of Waif all, Joseph Stubbs of Birmingham,

John Stubbs, John Simcox, William Smith, William Scott, John Scott, Jo-feph Shelton, Henry Tibbatts, Thomas Terry, William Terry, Thomas Undrill,

Henry Vernon, William Villiers, James Villiers, the Right Honourable John William Ward, Sir John Wroltejley Baronet, the Reverend John Wylde,

John Wall, Joseph Wainwright, Thomas Wainwright, Richard Wright,

William Webb, Joseph Wright, William Wbyley, Abraham Whitehouse, William Whitehouse, Christopher Wren, William Whateley, John Wakeman, William Wakeman, James Wakeman, Henry Clements Whateley, Samuel Wilson, Joseph Wight, Charles Windle, and their Succ IT>rs, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, altering, turning, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road herein-before mentioned and described, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Trustee shall die or shall ^Puttees signify his Intention not to act, by Writing under his Hand delivered to

the Clerk to the said Trustees, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to cleft One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room and Place of every Trustee so deceased, or refusing to act; but Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, at least Ten Days before every such Meeting; and all Persons who shall be so elected are hereby inverted with the lame Powers for putting this Act in Execution as the Persons in whose Places they shall be respectively chosen were inverted with.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall ^xrart«s.n be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir apparent of a Person possessed of an Ellate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds.

IV. Provided also, That every Trustee, before he acts as such (not be- Trustee* to ing Heir apparent as aforesaid) shall tike and subscribe an Oath before 'an 1 any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby empowered to ad-

minister the fame, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to lay),

I A.B. do swear. That I am truly and bond fide seised or possessed of Oath.

‘ in my own Right [or, in Right of my Wife} and in the actual Pof-‘ session and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or ‘ Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Forty Pounds, above Reprizes,

or

6oa

Penalty on Persons siting if not qualified.

First and

subsequent

Meetings.

Trustees to pay their own Expellees. Determinations at Meetings to be by the Majority present.

44 G GEORGII III. CAp. 40.

‘ or am possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Amount of ‘ Value of Eight hundred Pounds; and that I will truly and faithfully ‘execute the Trusts rtposed in me as a Trusttr, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled, \here insert the Title of this Act~\ according to the b; ft of my

Skill and Judgement, and without any Favour or Affection to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, except in administering such Oa;h as aforesaid, or being so qualified, shall act as such Trustte before he hath taken and subscribed the said Oath (except as aforesaid) every fuc h Person so offending in all or any of the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who (half sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Coll of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Act:on of Debt or on the Gale, or by B II, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as af irefiid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; and that no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted during the Time he shall hold any Plac" of Profit under this Act; nor shall any Victualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, or any menial Servant of any Trullee, be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the House of William Wight, known by the Name or Sign of The Sun Dial in Great Barr, in the Parish of Aldridge aforesaid, on the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, and shall proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, to meet at such Time and Place in or near the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, and that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months; and if at any Meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a futfitient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, by Notice in Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates which shall then be erected upon the said Road, or by Advertisement to be inferred in some Newspaper circulated in the said Counrics, or either of them, at leaf! Ten Days before the next Meeting, appointing the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to have been held on the Day Three Weeks next after the Day for which such last Meeting was appointed; and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and that all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees, in ihe Execution of this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, except as herein-after is excepted; and that no such Order or Determination shall be

, made.

6oi

44.® GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

made, unless the Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein, such Majority not being less than the Number of Trustees by this Act authorized to make any such Order or Determination.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should he appointed than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk, upon an Order in Writing, signed by Five or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice) v and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an A j urnment.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order made by any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall be revoked or altered, unless Nine Trustees at the lead shall be then present, and Six or more of them shall concur therein, and unless Notice shall have been given by Five Trustees to the Clerk, of their Desire to have a Meeting for the Purpose of taking into Consideration the said Order, with a View to revoke or alter the fame; and in such Case, Notice shall be given by the said Clerk, Ten Days at the lead before such Meeting to such Trustees as were present when such Order was made, of the Intention to revoke or alter any such Order.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Trustee shall directly or indirectly be concerned in any Contraft for any Work or other Thing, to be done by virtue of this Act, such Person shall not only be incapable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, but shall also forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no ElTuign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk without the Content of the said Trustees, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that every such Clerk in whose Name any such Action or Suit shall be commenced, profrcmed, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reim-bu fed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to or become chargeable with by Re.ifun of his being fa made Plaintiff or Delendant therein.

7 N

Meeting! on Emergencies.

How Orders nny be revoked or altered.

Trustees not to b? concerned in Contracts.

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk,

[Uc. W Per.]

602

For appointing Officers

Officers to account on Oath, if required.

Treassurers and Receiver! to give Stcurity.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may from Time to Time appoint a Clerk or Clerks, 1 reasurer or Treasurers, Surveyors or Collectors, or such other Officers and Persons as they shall think necessary to be employed in the Execution of this Act; and may from Time to Time remove such Officers and other Persons, and appoint others in their Stead, and out of the Monies toarile by virtue of this Act, make such Allowances to the said Officers and Persons, as to them the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons shall under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such Trustees, or to such other Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing, of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers and Persons respectively received by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by any Five or more of such Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then in each, any, or either of the said Cales, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Person shall be or reside, shall, upon Application being made to him or them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, make Enquiry concerning such Default, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward); and if any such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for such County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make) or until he or they shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall take such sufficient Security from their Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver and Receivers, Collector and Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper.

44° G E ORGII III. Cap. 40.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Ablconding, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and lawfully may nominate and appoint some other proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver so dying, incapacitated, absconding, or absenting, which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person so dying, becoming incapable, absconding, or absenting, would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representative of any Collector or Receiver who shall abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Toll House or Building shall be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Alhftance as shall be ne-celiary, to enter such House or Building in the Day time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such other Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, shall and may erect, or cause to be erected. One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, upon, in, or across such Part or Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and also a Toll House or Toll Houses, with suitable Outbuildings thereto, near to the said Gates or Turnpikes, and from Time to Time to take down any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll House or Toll Houses, or other Buildings, and remove the same to any other Part or P..rts of the said Road as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge proper; and the Tolls following shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint to receive the same, before any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say,)

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Phaeton, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Hearse, Chair, Caravan, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Five or Six Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Three or Four Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

603

Trustees to appoint tem-

Collecton to de iver up Turnpikes anti Toll Houses when demanded.

Gates to be erected, and Toils to be taken.

Tolls.

For

604 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

For every Chaise or other such like Carriage with Four Wheels, drawn by One Horle or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence, and with Two Wheels, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Ox, Afs, or other Bealt of Draught, the sum of Four-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Oxen, Asses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Three-pence, for each and every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Ox, Afs, or other Bead drawing the fame:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll: And if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid for collecting such Tolls, to distrain any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, or any Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress, and of keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after such Distress made, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may fell the Horse, Cattle, Bract, or Carriage, so distrained, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges attending such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted; and all the Tolls collected or levied by virtue of this Act shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be levied, recovered, paid, and applied, and may be assigned, in such Manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the fame, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of seizing, distraining, keeping, and felling the fame (as the Case shall happen) shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Dispute shall happen, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter on Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collector's Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice, all which Sums so determined or afiefled as aforesaid shall be paid to the said Collector, before he shall be obliged to return the Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Li-competent tigation, shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, the witnessea, Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons

If any Dispute shall arise, touching the Amount of the Toll to be paid, the Collector distraining may keep the Distress till the Matter shall be settled.

605

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of their being lb appointed to collect the said Tolls.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said side Gates Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to erect or cause to be erected

one or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the said Road, and upon, in, or across any Lane or Way leading into the fame, and at such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to rective and take such Tolls as are by this Act granted and ma 'e payable at any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erected by virtue thereof, so that the fame do noc extend to a Double Charge upon ar.y Person or Persons passing the fame through any other of the Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this No Gate to be Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees to erect or !'P ^,he set up any Turnpike or Side Gate within the Parish of West Brcmwich WtjiBrom'wUb. aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more To pay only than Half Toll shall be demanded and taken for the Pdffage of any Cattle Halt Toll, or Carriage loaded with, or being employed in carrying Coals or Sleek

to be used in burning of Lime only; and if any Person or Persons shall take the Benefit of such Exemption from Half Toll, not being entitled thereto, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all t.h Houses, the Turnpikes and Toll Houses to be erected or provided by virtue of this Act, and of the Materials for building the fame, and also of all Materials ru ees' which shall be got or collected for repairing the said Road, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer or order the preferring any Bill or Bills of Indictment, against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take away, injure, or disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies which shall be Application collected at the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected as aforesaid, or that of Mon<:y-shall be subscribed, raised, or borrowed, on the Credit of this Act, all

the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall in the first place be paid, and the Residue of such Money shall be applied in trefting Toll Houses and Turnpike Gates, and in making, repairing, widening, diverting, turning, and keeping in Repair the said Road.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Toils maybe Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time assembled lel!en':d»

at any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to lessen or reduce all or any of the Tolls by this Act granted, so that the fame, or any Part thereof, be not reduced more than One Half, and for such Time or [Loc. y Per. J 7 0 Times

6o6

and ra;fed again.

Toll to !>e paid but Once a Day.

Tolls may be leased.

Trustees

empowered to compound for Tolls.

Penalty on evading Tolls-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Times as they the said Trustees, or any Five or moie of them, shall think proper; and may afterwards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Rates herein-before mentioned; and such reduced Tolls shall and may be demanded, colledrd, recovered, paid, applied, and assigned in such and the same Manner as the said Tolls are directed to be demanded, collected, recovered, paid, applied, and assigned; but no such Reduction shall be made unless the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Five-Sixth Parts of the Money which shall have been lent on the Credic of the Tolls intended to be reduced, shall be consenting thereto; and no such Meeting shall be held for the Purpose of such Reduction, unless Ten Days previous Notice at the lead shall be given thereof in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay Toll more than Once for passing and repairing at any Time in any One Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, through all or any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act; but that all and every Person or Persons, after having paid Toll Once as aforesaid, and producing a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment of such Toll (which Notes or '1 ickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll) shall afterwards pafi and repass with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, Toll-free upon such Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike, where such Toll was paid, and also through all other Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to lease the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Person or Persons from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Two Years, for the bed Rent that can be got for the fame, payable at such Time, and under such Covenants, and to such Person or Persons as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct or appoint, and the Monies arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls fu leased aredireded to be applied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with any Person or Persons for any Horses Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, passing through any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so that no such Compolkion shall be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire; and all such Com-pofitlon Money shall be paid One Year in Advance, otherwise such Composition shall be vo?d.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Horse, Cattlr, Bead, or Carriage, pass through any Land, Ground, or Hereditament, lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate, which shall

44-° GEORGGII III. Cap. 40. 607

shall be erected by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a publick Highway), or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Ground, Land, or Hereditament shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Ticket by this Act directed to be given, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Persons shall forcibly pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse or other Cattle or Beall, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle from any Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Read any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead, with Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or of any Part thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the Penalties are herein-after directed to be applied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or £*,rp|;onl. taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cariiages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going to cany or convey, or returning from carrying or conveyirg, bavin: been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold of disposed of, but puffing to be laid up or placed in the Otithouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Hoifes employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty trom carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hul-bandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horles or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any ffek Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters anil Exprtffes under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-master General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprelTes, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Catts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pall'es; 01 for any Ilotfe,

Cattle,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.0.

Cattle, or Benft drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Hor eback going to or returning tiom any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Stafford or Warwick on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded , and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to borrow and take up at In-teieft on the Credit of the Tolls by this Act granted, such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to demise or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Parc or Parts thereof, and the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame (ihe Costs and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of such Tolls), as a Security to any Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages may be in the Form following, or in such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall think proper; (that is co say),

‘ nY virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign ‘ } of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this A£f\ Wc of the Trustees, in Consideration of the

Sum of to the Treasurer of the said

« Road in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto A.B. ‘ his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the

Tolls arising upon the said Road, and of the Turnpikes and Toll 1 Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the

‘ Credit thereof, to be had and holden from this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

‘ with Interest, at the Rate of

‘ per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. In Witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals this Day of

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and which laid Book or Books shall and may, at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected, without Fee or Reward; but no Money shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls after the First Meeting of the said 1 rustees, unless Notice be for that Purpose affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Road, at lead Ten Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mongage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby ftcured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever,

6og

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

by indorsing on the Back of such Security, before One credible Witness, the following Words, or Words to the like EtFedt; (that is to say),

‘ T DO transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right and Title to the

Principal thereby secured, and to all Interest now due and ro become

due upon the fame, unto his [or, her] Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

a. b:

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred; for which the said Clerk, or Treasurer shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment of the Principal and Interest thereby secured; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties queries; but in case any Sum or Sums of Money so to be transferred, shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the respective Persons entitled thereto, by an Indorsement of his, her, or their Name or Names, without Witness, to transfer his, her, or their Property therein to any other Person or Persons, without an Entry made thereof in Manner aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except such to whom the same shall be last transferred), to make void, reknfe, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned. Creditors on the Tolls by this Act: granted, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of any Monies advanced.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by him or them for that Purpose, to get, take, and carry away Furze, Heath, Stones, Chalk, Flint, Gravel, Clay, Sand, or other Materials, proper for the repairing of the said Road, from any Waste Grounds or Commons, Rivers or Brooks, in any Parish, Township, or Place, wherein any Part of the said Road lies, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyor or other Persons filling up the Pits, and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken or railing or fencing such Pits, so as that the same shall not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but under such Restrictions as herein mentioned, to get, take, and carry away such Materials, in, upon, and out of, through, from, and over the Lands of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the fame not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, after paying or tendering to the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands such a Sum by Way of Recompence for the Damage to be sustained, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands shall re-jjLcc. Per.] 7 P fuse

Form of Transfer.

Transfer so be entered.

Surveyor, may take G:avel. Sand, &c. filling up Fits, fc'c.

6io

Notice to be given to Occupiers of Lands before M.itfria's are taken For repairing the Roads.

Penalty on takin - away Materials.

Surveyors may remove Annoyances.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

fuse to accept the Sum offered, the Justices of the Peace for the f.iid respective Counties, at their respective next General Quarter Sessions to be holtlen for the said Counties, Hull and may assess, adjudge, and finally determine the same.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, or carry away Materials for making or repairing the said Iload out of or from any indofed Lands or Ground', until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Tiuflces, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, and carry away such Materials; at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall refuse or neglect to appear by himself cr his Agenr, the said Trustees or Justices shall and piay make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Occupier of any Ground or Soil, or any Person whomsoever, shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered in any Ground, River, or Brook, for the Purpose of repairing the said Road, or shall gee or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting the said Materials, before the said JJur-veyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Forty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground for his private Use, and Persons authorized by him to get Materials therein for his proper Use only, and not for Sale.) every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor ltfs than Forty Shillings, the same to be recovered, levied, and applied, in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoinc from Time to Time (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Road, by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and convert the same to his and their own Use and UfcS, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running along, into, or out of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the lame as deep and as large as he or they shall th nk necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bullies, growing or to grojv on the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto respectively (not being a Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Walk, or Avenue to a House), and lo take and carry away the fame in

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 611

case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by fich Suu veyor or Surveyors, neglect to top, lop, cut down, or rtmove such Trees,

Shrub', or Bushes, or to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen stich Water-courses or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall require, the Charges whereof, to be settled by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shal) be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are herein directed to be recovered and applied; and if after removing any of the salt! Annoyances any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every such Person shall lor every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lei’s than Forty Shilling',

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall penalties on

assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause to be a (fa tilted, interrupted, or hin- g!^"Cg‘n® tiered, any Collector of the foils, or any Turnpike Surveyor, or any other ’ '

Person or Persons, by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or

any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, and while doing or performing any Work authorized to be done or performed by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tr'-iRees Surveyor or Surveyors and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint fluch Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose "

from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to make or cause to be made any causeway or Cuul’eways for the Use of Foot Passengcis, along any Part of the said Road, in such Manner as they shall see convenient, and also Ditches or Drains in and upon the said Road and also through any Ground lying contiguous thereto; and erect, rebuild, and k> ep in Repair, Bi idges and Arches upon the said Road, or across any such Ditches or Drains where necessary; and also to make or cause to be m.ide a Road through the Grounds adjoining to any ruinous or narrow Part of the said Road such Grounds respectively not being the Ground whereon any Floufe Hand', nor being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted and let apart as a Nursery for Tree' j, to be made use of by all Passengers, Cattle, and Carriages, as a publick Highway, whilst such ruinous or narrow Pait of the said Road be repairing or widening, and until it shall be convenient for Passengers or Carriages to pass along the fame, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of such private Grounds respectively for the Damages they shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning the lame between such Owners and Occupiers anil the said Trustees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Premises shall lie, or at their Second Quarter Session's of the Peace at the farthest, to settle, adjudge, and finally determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers, for the Damages they shall have sustained

as

6l 2

Penalties on riding and dri ing Cr.ttlc on Footways.

Power to turn and alter the Road.

Thirty Days, No ice to he given of dive, ting Roads.

44° GEORGII ill. Cap. 40.

as aforesaid, which Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; but no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Common or Waste Lands.

XXXIV. And be it further rnafted That if any Person or Persons shall ri le upon any causeway or causewayc, or other Way or Ways to be made upon the said Road for the Use of Foot Passengers, or shall lead or drive any Horse or Horses, or Cattle or Swine, upon any such Cauliiway or Caultways, or shall cause any Injury or Damage to be done to the fame every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum nor exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings*, which said Penalties shall be applied towards the repairing of the said Road, and to or for no other Prnpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enactrd, That it shall be lawful for the Majority of the Trustees present at any Meeting of any Seven or more Trustees, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to widen, turn, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road, for the Accommodation of Passengers, through any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, under such Terms and Satisfaction as are herein-after mentioned; and flllo through any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making Satisfaction for such Commons or Waste Grounds*, and also to erect, build, and keep in Repair any Bridges or Arches upon, over, or along the said Road where necessary; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, and for theit Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Tine to enter upon any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, through which or whereupon the said Road hereby authorized to be made, widened, turned, or altered, is intended to pass, and to flake out and make the fame in such Manner as the said Trustees or such Majority as aforesaid, shall think necessary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Tref-pafler or Trespasser, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment, for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such last mentioned Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments respectively, for any the Purposes of this Act, first making and tendering Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby fultain: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees to alter or turn the said Road, so as to make the lame pass through any of the Lands or Grounds belonging to Jervcife Clarke Jer-voife, F. I quirt, lying on the South Side of the Parish Church of West Bromwich aforesaid.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees, or any Five or mo>e of them, shall at any Meeting or Meetings to be convened under the Authority of this Act, signify by an Order in Writing under their Hands their Intention or Desire of diverting, turning, or altering, any Part or Parts of the said Road, then that Thirty Days Notice at least shall be previously given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the lame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then ereiled in or upon the said Road, or by inserting the fame in One of the Newspapers ulUally circulated in

44° G E ORGII III. Cap. 40.

the said Counties, of the Time and Place and Purpose of the said Meeting.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to contract with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchas’e thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by making, diveiting, turning, or altering the Couife or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lanas, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may luftain by making, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and to pay for the fame by and out of the Tolls and other Monies tc be raised

, by virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick and

Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trull, Executors and Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or

Cestuique Ttufts, and all other Persons whomsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof or for their Iniereft therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to lell and convey the lame as Occasion shall be and require j and all Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be

valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-itanciing; and that all Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or last Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands, Grounds", and Hereditaments intended to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Road, and through

which the same shall be intended to be made, diverted, turned, or altered as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Preuiifes, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County or Place in which such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments shall be (which Oaths any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required 10 administer), what Damages shall be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Persons as aforesaid, for or on Account of the making, diverting, turning, or altering such Road through such Lands or Grounds; and in order thereto the [Tec. (J Per.] 7 said

613

Trustees may ou ch^fe, and ia.-tpauta'ed Pei lotis (ell Lands and other Hereditaments wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

If Parties do not agree, the Value of the Premise* to be settled by a Jury.

614

Sheriff to summon a

Jurr;

Juries may be

challenged, and Sheriffs fined for Default.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to summoo before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall he thought necessary or proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer), and they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, uie all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premif-s; and such Trustees shall order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be assessed by the said Jury for such Damages as aforesaid, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interrfted in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, and Determination, shall be final and binding to all Intents and Purposes against ail Parties and Persons whatsoever claiming or to claim in Possef-iion, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue out a Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of such of the said Counties in which such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments shall be, thereby commanding him to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured, to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, ailing in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impol’e any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn, or refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully negledhng their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall refuse or neglect to appear, or refuse to be examined and to give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine or Fines in such Manner

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 615

as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-ascer directed to be levied and disposed of, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Five Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Mon*v >1-Money or Recompence to be agreed for or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be and is and are hereby charged upon the respective Tolls by this Act howtoiv appropriated for the repairing the Road so to be made, widened, turned, ^51^)*" varied, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, or on the Monies to be borrowed upon the Credit of such respective Tolls, and shall be paid thereout accordingly to the Persons entitled respectively thertto, or to their Agents; and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons or their Agents, and in case of Refusal to take and accept of the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the Trustees, for the Use of such Persons, and after Ten Days Notice thereof given to such Persons, or their Agents, to receive such Money, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to enter into Possession of, and to lay such Land or Ground into the said Road, and to do all and every such Act, Matter, and Thing with relation to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so taken into or made Part of the said Road, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, a publick and Common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the said Road is by this or any other Law to be repaired; and after any such Road shall be completed, the Lands and Grounds constituting the former Road, unless leading over some Common or Waste, or to some Town or Place to which such new Road shall not lead, shall be veiled in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the bed Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls hereby appropriated to the Repair of the Road so to be sold as aforesaid are directed to be applied; and all Deeds of Conveyances executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Lands lie, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in How the and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence for jb«. the Rights, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands, paid. Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any Lois or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing " ~~ and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act *, but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict

or

6i6 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

br Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall hare been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Fire or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, a a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such R'ght, Interest. or Property in, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expencts of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesss, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by fomejustice of the Pr ace for the respective County or P ace, nut interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby authorized and lequirrd to examine and feitle the fame), shall and may be didudted but ui the Money so assessed and adjudged, as lo much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being |o ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the Trustees, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Appiicatiort

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed fition'rf*"' or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments pur-amounting to chafed, taken, or ui'ed, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Tsvo hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts. Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchakd, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant

General

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.0. 617

General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum C'B« folidated, or Thrre Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities-, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenemenii, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo- Application ney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or HerCdi- °1ftiCon,)f>e" laments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- th"nnaoo/!'* ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or and exceeding Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred *o/'

Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their rd’pective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before dirr«ted; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and iheD vidends arising rhere-on, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, withour obtaining ot being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be °anonokb less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be thanj0& applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purpose of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons lb entitled respectirely.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons in case of net to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Persons cannot Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall

refute to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances-, or in case such ne^toVe Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so paid into the ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or ^"he Order Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or dif- of the Court covered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said of Chancer)'

* [Lee. & Per.'] 7 R Trustees,

6x8

Where any Question shall jrilc touching such Money, the Person who shall be in Post'el-iion of the Lands, 6jV. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto.

The Court of Chancery may order Expences of Purchases to be paid.

44* <yGEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said 9um of Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credic of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Tenements ['deferring the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and D fposition of the said Court; which said Courr, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, in Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Gafhier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pofltflion of such Lands or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of ftkh Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Inteicft therein.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Coils and Charges of obiaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of

them,

44° GEORGII TIL Cap. 40. 61

them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall dttcft.

XLVril. Provided always, and it is hereby, enacted and declared, That Trusteesnot the Power and Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees, shall Hous«, Hrt*.n not extend to the pulling down any Dwelling House or other Building, without Conor the . taking in the Scitc of any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, or to take in any Orchard, Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nurlery for Trees, or any Part thereof respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein respectively, other than and except so much of the several Gardens herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), Three several Gardens, the Property of Isaac Dixon, One of which is in his own Occupation, and the other Two of them are in the respective Occupa-pations of Richard Turner and Francis Hughes; One other Garden, the Property of Ann Scott, in the Occupation of William Wight-, One other Garden, the Property of Joseph Embrej, in his own Occupation; One other Garden; the Property of Ann Emery, in her own Occupation; One other Garden, the Property of John Gough Esquire, in the Occupation of William Hodgctts; and One other garden, the Property of William Bennett, and in his own Occupation, as (bad be necessary fur making the said Road in such respective Places of the Breadth of Twelve Yards; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwiihstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum Upon Pay.

or Sums of Money so to be agreed on, or adjudged or awarded by the Monsy Jury to be paid for the Purchase of the said Lands, Grounds, or Here- Conveyai.cd' ditaments, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall make and execute or procure to be made and executed proper and effectual Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances in the Law to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, of the said Premises, for which such Sum or 8ums of Money was or were so awarded or adjudged to be paid, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things necessary or requisite to make a good, dear, and perfect Title thereunto; and such Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments, and Assurances shall contain such usual and reasonable Covenants as shall on Behalf of the Trustees be required; and in case any Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be agreed, awarded, or adjudged to be paid as aforesaid, shall not evince a clear and perfect Title to the said Premif s, and make or procure to be made, at the Expence of the said Trustees, proper and effectual Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do being the reunto required, such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed or awarded; or adjudged to be paid as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Bank of England, in Manner herein-before mentioned; and when and so soon as the same shall be so paid into ihe Bank, all the Efface, Right, Title; Inrcreft, Use, Trust, Property, Equity of Redemption, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, in Law and Equity; on all and every Person or Persons who shall be entitled to such Money of, in, to, from, and out of the fame Premises, or any Part thereof, shall vest in the said Trustees, and they the fame Trustees shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof in Fee Simple, freed and dif-

charged

$?d

'Jhiftect empowered to Jell oround not wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

Persons from whom (vpll Group.!*, ii‘-h»xe hee.n pure haled to have the Preference.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

charged from all Claims, Demands, and Equity of Redemption whatsoever, either in Law or Equity, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if all and every Person and Persons having any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Dowtr, Right or Title of Dower, and Equity of Redemption of, in, to, from and out of the fame Prtmi'es, had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled. Feoffment with Livery of Scifin, Fine and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever.

L And whereas by reason of the diverting, altering, or turning the Road herein-before mentioned and deferibrd, agreeably to the Power herein-before given for that Purpose, or by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees, or any Five or more of (hem, are hereby empowered to make by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees may happen to be seised of the Ground or Soil which formed the Road to be diverted, altered, or turned by virtue of this Act, or some Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what may be necessary for effectuating the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Grounds or Soil, Piece or Pieces of Ground, together or in Parcels, either by publick Sale or private Contraft, as they shall find mod advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, before they shall so sell or dispose of the Ground or Soil which formed the Road to be diverted, altered, or turned by virtue of this Act, or such Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act, shall first offer to fell or refeil (as the Case may happen to be), to the Person or Persons who shall be the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Hereditaments, lying on both Sides of such diverted Road, or the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the Owner or Owners of the said Lands on both Sides of the said diverted Road, or the Person or Persons from whom such Piece or Pieces of Ground have been so purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall refuse to purchase or repurchase (as the Case may happen to be), any Affidavit, to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such diverted Road or Piece o» Pieeesi of Ground shall be, by Home Person or Persons no way interested in the said diverted Road, Piece or Pieces of Ground, Rating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of such Trustees, and that such Offer was Bot then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Fcrlhn or Persons to whom the some was offered, shall in all Courts whatever be fuficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be)>; and in case such Person or Persons shall he desirous of puschafing the Ground or Soil of such diverted Road, or of repurehafing such Piece or Pieces of Ground so directed to be sold by virtue of this Act, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ and, not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the

-vv. Price

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 621

Price or Trices thereof >shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before i!i reeled with respect 10 disputed Value of Prenufes to be purchased by the said Trustee', or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expecte of hearing and determining such Difference- shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, mutatis mutandis; and tire Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such diverted Road, Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Pur< hafer or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, Grantees, Per Cons liable Trustees, and Committees of any Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- of the Ro*!^ ments, and all other Person or Persons liable to the amending or main- </<-. to comi-taining any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Budge, causeway, nue so-Drain, Arch, or Sewer, therein, shall still remain liable and chargeable to the Repair thereof, in such Manner as they were before the passing of this Act (subject nevertheless to the Regulations herein-after expressed concerning the same); and that all and every Person and Persons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work, or are chargeable or liable to or towards the repairing or amending of any Highways in the several Parishes,

Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, through which the said Road shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of the said Road, and to perform their respective Works thereon in such and the like Manner, in every Respect, as they are liable to the Repair of any other common Highway within such Parish, Townfh p, Hamlet, District, or Place respectivfly.

Lllf. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statute How the Sta-Work ought to be performed on the said Road by the Inhabitants of the work several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, through which portioned.' the said Road may pass; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Trustees being acting Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford or Warwick, from Time to Time to adjudge and order what Part of the Statute Work shall be done in or upon the said Road hereby directed to be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, and for what Space of Time, and in what Manner the same shall be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, in or through which the said Road shall pass.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the r espective Surveyors'of the For "gating Highways in all the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, ance'tsuiute through which the said Road shall pass, shall yearly and every Year, Work, within Ten Days after Demand made to them respectively in Writing, by the Surveyor, Clerk, or Treasurer of the said Road, in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of Two or more of the said Trustees, being acting Justices of the Peace for the said respective Counties, give and deliver to the Person making such Demand a true and exact Lift or Account, in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Christian and Sun [Loc. fcf Per.] 7 S name

£>22

Trurt-e* may compel Surveyors of Highways to account for Competition Money.

44° G K O RGII III. Cap. 40.

name of every Person in their respective Parishes, Townships, iJamlets, Districts, or Places, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Road in Inch Parities, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places, and shall fer forth and specify in such Lift what each Person is respectively chargeable with for and towards the fame; and such respective Pai ifh or Township Surveyor or Surveyors, shall (within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said Turnpike Surveyor, of the Time or Times when and where, and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid are to perform their respective Statute or Days Works) summon or give Notice thereof in the Mode prescribed by Law, to the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refuse to do as he and they is and are required and clireded to do, or shall wilfully return incorrect or imperfect Lilts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Road, shall, alter such Summons or Notice as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to fend their respective Teams, Draughts, Carts, or Wains, furnished with Labourers, Oxen, or Horfts, according to the Custom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform such their respective Days Works upon the said Road, he, she, or they so neglecting or rtfufing shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain, shall be wanting, or shall not be duly employed in that Service; and if any Person or Persons who shall be sent with any Team, Draught, Cart or Wain, to woik on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent, it shall be deemed as jf such Team, Wain, Draught, or Cart, had not been sent to work on the said Road, and the same Sum shall be accordingly forfeited and paid; and if any Statute Work shall not be performed within the Year in which the fame is due, the same shall be performed in the Course of the succeeding Year.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trusttes, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meet, ings, by Writing under their Hands, to summon all, every, or any of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of all, every, or any of the Parishes Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places (the Inhabitants whereof are liable to perform Statute Work on the said Road), to appear before the said Trutiees at any of their fubfrquent Meetings, and then to deliver in to them a full, true, and just Account in Writing of all Sums of Money by them respectively received for, in lieu of, or by way of Composition for Statute Work in their icveral and respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Distiids, or Places (which Account shall be verified upon Oath, if the said Trustees shall require the same)i and in case the Person or Persons so summoned shall neglect to appear at the Time and Place therein appointed, or shall refule or neglect to deliver in such Account as aforesaid, or if required to verify the fame upon Oath, or to pay to the Treasurer of the said Road, or a? the said Trustees shall direct, within Five Days from the Time of producing the said Account, or whereon the fame ought to have been produced, such proportionable Part of all such Composition Money as such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them, shall have received,

or

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 623

or without their wilful Neglect or Default, might have received, that then in all or any of the faic) Cases, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every separate Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shilling?.

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be law- Trustees may ful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and s°, TuteWork agree by the Year or otherwise with the PosscfTois, Occupiers, Grantees,

Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Road, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, by and with the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes,

Townships, or Places, first had at any Vestry or other Publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Road.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Money Forrecover-agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or in lieu of any such Repairs for Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Composition Money respectively shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful fop the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said respective Counties, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money (Oath having been first made before such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justice or Justices, that the fame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or such Justice or Justices are hereby respectively empowered to administer) to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or ocher Person or Persons, having so compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducing such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways who shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom the Lame shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the Composition Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways, Means, and in such Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five Trustees may or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Pur- contract lor pose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract Rtpa"*’

with

How Surveyors of Highways are to be reimbursed, and Composition Money paid by them.

6 24

Personi liable to repair old Road to continue liable to repair any new Road,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

with any Person or Persons for making, altering, widening, or repairing the fair! Road, or any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Polls thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for futh Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and that all Contracts or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Executors and Adrni-nistrators; and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Costs recovered again!! the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be requisite for making or repairing the said Road, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contracts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have aone, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party or Person or Persons so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LX. And whereas certain Parts of the said Road will be diverted in pursuance of this Act, in order to make the fame nearer or more commodious to the Publick; and Doubts may arise whether the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, or Place, or any particular Person or Persons liable to repair the old Road so deviated from, by Statute Duty, Tenure, or otherwise, ought to repair or contribute to the Repair of the Whole or some or what Part or Proportion of such new Road; for obviating which Doubts, and preventing Disputes about the fame, be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of every such Parish, Township, or Place, and Person or Persons who was, were, or shall be liable as aforesaid to the Repair of any such old Road, which shall be so diverted and turned, shall respectively be and continue in the same Manner liable to the Repair of such new Road, or so much thereof as shall be equal to the Burthen and Expence of repairing such old Road, from which he, she, or they shall be exonerated by turning the same as aforesaid; and that if the several Parties interfiled cannot agree therein, the same shall be viewed by Two Justices of the Peace acting within the Limits where such Road shall be, by whom the same shall be settled, adjusted, and determined, in such Manner as they shall think jull and reasonable; and from and after such Determination of the Justices, the Inhabitants of the said Parish, Township, or Place, or the Person or Persons liable to repair such new Road as aforesaid, shall bear all Charges and Expences of Indictments and Prosecutions for not repairing the fame; and if it shall be found more convenient to fix a gress Sum or annual Sum to be paid by any such Inhabitants, or Person or Persons, towards the Repair of such new Road, instead o.f fixing the Part or Proportion of such new Road to be repaired by him, her, or them, the said Justices may with the Consent

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 625

of such Person or Persons, and also the major Part of the Inhabitants in-cerested thtrein, obtained at a Vestry or publick Meeting held for that Purpose, and also of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a publick Meeting, order and direct the fame accordingly, which Order shall be and for ever after continue binding to all Persons whomsoever; and that if any Person or Persons who, by any Order of any such Justices as aforesaid, shall be made liable to the Repair of different Parts of the said Road, or the future Occupiers of the Effaces in respect of which they shall be so charged shall neglect to repair or amend so much and such Parts thereof as are particularly set forth in the fame Order, after Ten Pays Notice in "Writing shall have been given to them by the Clerk to the said Trustees to repair the fame, such Person or Persons so neglecting shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Seven Yards of such Road so neglected to be repaired, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which Forfeiture shall be recovered and levied in such and in the Tame Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and lc* vied 1 and if the Person or Persons who by the fame Order shall be made liable to the Payment of different annual Sums of Money in lieu of repairing Part of the said Road, or the future Occupiers of Ihe Eftarts in respect of which they shall be so charged shall neglect to pay the several Sums of Money so ordered to be paid by them to the Treaftirer to the Trustees of the said Road for the Time being, after Ten Days Notice shall have been given to them by the Clerk to the said Trustees to pay the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to recover and levy such several Sums of Money by Distress and Sale of the Person’s Goods and Chattels, in such and the same Manner as the Forfeitures and Penalties for Offences against this Act are herein-after directed to be recovered and levied.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Milestones to Five or more of them, shall cause the said Road to be measured, and be set up‘ Stones or Pods to be set up in or near the Sides of the fame at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of every Stone or Post from any Town or Place; and also such and so many Direction Posts as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

shall seem meet-, and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage Penalty<m any such Posts or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Let- them!"5 ters, Figures, or Marks, which shall be inscribed thereon; or if any Dragging Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Timber oc Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, Stone» otherwise than upon Wheeled Carriages, or shall fuller any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon "Wheeled Carriages to drag upon any Part of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof respectively-, or shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other ^ul>* Matter or Thing upon nny Part of the said Road to be made into causeway* Manure, or shall ferape off the fame any Mud, Soil, or other Mat- nor (crape ter or Thing, which shall be cr lie upon any Part of the said Road, causewa* [Loc. fcf Per.] 7 T with

626 44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 40. with an Iron Rake or other Instrument with (harp Points; or shall pull or force up any Stones or other Part of the Pavement of the said Road, whereby the said Road shall be damaged; or shall lay down any Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, or shall otherwise obit ru(t or impede the Passage upon the said Road; or shall turn out any Horses, Mares, Cows, or other Cattle, or Swine, upon the Road hereby authorized to be repaired, or any Part thereof, or in the Ditches adjoining the fame, every Person so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein directed with respect to other Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted.

Compelling Subscribers to pay Sub-lcriptione. LX

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who is or are, or shall hereafter become or agree to be a Subscriber or Subscribers towards the Expence of obtaining this Act, or carrying the fame into Execution, shall, after Twenty Days previous Notice in XYriting under the Hand of the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees for that Purpose, to him, her, or them, given, or left at the Dwelling House or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, neglect or refuse to make Payment of the respective Sums by him, her, or them subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to bring or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions of Debt, or on the Cale, or Bill, Plaint, or Suit, against such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and after Proof of such Person or Persons having so subscribed, or agreed to subscribe, and such Notice having been given as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall be compelled to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so by him, her, or them subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or required as aforesaid, together with full Cods of Suit.

Recovery of Penalties.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, rendering the Overplus of such Distress (if any there be) to the Party or Parties, after deducting the Charges of making the same; which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant upon Conviction of the Offender, by Conftflion, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid the One Half to the Informer and the other Half to the Surveyor of the said Road, to be applied towards the Repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by this Act; but if the Surveyor shall . . be

6*7

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

be the Informer, then the Whole shall be applied towards the Repair of the said Road j and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place, for any Time not exceeding Si*

Calendar Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be l'ooner paid.

LXIV. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act For securing by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors* or other Officers, appointed to put this Act in Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before tany Justice of the Peace of the County or Place, of near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his or their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden within and for the County or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders; either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LXV. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; (videlicet),

dE it remembered, That on Day of in the Year

D of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the County of [or, County of as the

Form of Conriflion.

6a 8

Proceeding* to be entered in a Book.

Proceeding*

not to be quashed for want of Form.

Appeal.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

1 Cafe my be] [specifyittg the Offence, and the 'Time and Place when and where ‘ the fame was committed, as the Case shall be.] Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above written.’

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Bocks to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings, when entered, shall be signed by a competent Number of the said Trustees, or by their Clerk, and shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings; which said Book or Books, and also the Book or Books herein directed to be kept for registering and entering Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeals, Actions, Suits, and other Contro-verfies, touching any Thing done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Proceeding to be made concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders by virtue hereof, shall be quashed, set aside, or vacated, for want of Form only, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and where any Distrcfs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Diflreis itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasstr or Tref-pafiers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or any other Proceeding relating thereto; and if any Irregularity shall be afterwards committed by any Person or Persons distraining, he, she, or they shall not on that account be deemed a Treipasser or Trespassers ah initio, but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage sustained thereby, in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Mode of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County or Place wherein the Fast touching such Penalties or Forfeitures are incurred or imposed, shall be committed, within Fourteen Days next after such Cause of Complaint shall arise, unless the same shall arise within Fourteen Days preceding such Sessions, in which Cafe such Appeal may be brought at the Second Sessions after such Cause shall arise; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine such Complaint or Complaints, and if they fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of such Sessions, mitigate at their Discretion all or any Part of the Penalties or Forfeitures laid upoaor incurred by the Party or Parties complaining, or vacate or fee aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise

may

44-c GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 629

may ratify or confirm the fame, with such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonablr, and to levy by their Order or Warrant such Cells so awarded, by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the lame, and for want of Efficient Distrcfs to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol for the County, or PLce, where the Appeal shall have been heard and determined, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs: Provided always, that the Person or Persons lo appealing as aforesaid shall, and is and are hereby required to give Notice in Writing to the Clerk to the Truf* tees of the said Road of such his and their Intention of bringing and prosecuting an Appeal Eight Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall, before such Notice given, enter into a sufficient Recognizance before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Appeal shall be intended to be broughr, with Two-, sufficient Sureties, with Condition to prosecute such Appeal, and to pay all Costs in case such Appeal be determined against the Party or Parties so appealing.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pur- Actions, fuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the Did Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof., hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action shall be laid in either of the said Counties of Stafford or Warwick, where fuel) Cause of Action shall atife, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, Place, or Places, than where the Fast was committed, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be Nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- pubJicJc Act judged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[Lee- y Per.'] 7 U

630

Commencement and Duration of the Act.

, C . T ' 1 T >- r -

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and have Continuance from the passing thereof for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

- D 39 j. T -0rl'v. , ' , ' ' . U

i ;v.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ip;

01

VV

*sc t jriwn vtt

' son,.'A

oj

=> >» >TI

! !; - n

0

: tyto nii'i ,),>

*: r iw

- i t

‘" »' r > f,

- u-t,

: i sdj vau 10

I ' Vi- d *d ' fit -'-"rtStfi T;-;j<u ' ‘*J

(1*0 jVi / , J- noou 1* c tmLiiit

- 0 . ;i

*tk ft *4*2 ;«M rI JnaL^-iba 1 :s nd tii 9,.—

(ft V'vn fas tt* u) rJ0lTf* --'I

»;J ;(: 1»3V£

' Vn«

1 1

b

y.y r

i sc:r

.7

...a jrr,i

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 41.

An Act for vesting in John Henry Maw, Esquire, in Fee Simple, certain Estates, comprized in an Act of Parliament of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Maw, of Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses; and for, by the present Act, settling a Fee Simple Estate of him the said John Henry Mazo, of greater Value, to the Uses of the Will of Dorothy Shawe, deceased, in lieu of the said first mentioned Estates.

[16th May 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vejl- 41 G.3. ing the settled Estates of John Henry Maw, o/"Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the dear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses; reciting, that Dorothy Shawe, late of Wa kef eld, in the County of York, Spinller, duly made and published her lad Will and Testament, in Writing, dated the Eighth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and [Lcr. y Per.] 7 X seventy.

634

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

seventy-five; and thereby, after reciting that (he had surrendered her Copyhold Estates to the Uses contained in that her Will, fte did gise and de-vise unto her Mother-in-Law, Mrs. Sarah Shaive (who died in the Lifetime of her the said Testatrix), all that her Messuage, Dwelling House, or Tenement, in a Street called Westgate, in Wakefield aforesaid, wherein fte then dwelt; and also her Two Closes, called she Westgate Moor Closes, in the Town or Parish of Wakefield aforesaid, with the Yards, Gardens, and Appurtenances, to the said Premises belonging or in anywise appertaining, for and during so much of her natural Life, as she ft or id continue to make the said House her Habitation or Place of Abode, and ftould remain a Widow; and fte did thereby charge all the Residue of her Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and real Estates, both Freehold and Copyhold, situate and being in the County of York, with their Appurtenances, with the Payment of One Annuity of One hundred Pounds to her said Mo-ther-in-I.aw, during the Period aforesaid; and subject thereto, fte did thereby give and devise, as well the said last-mentioned Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and real Estates, with their Appurtenances, after her Decease, as also the said Messuage, Dwelling House, or Tenement, wherein fte then dwelt, and the said Two Closes called The Westgate Moor Closes, with their and every of their Appurtenances, from and immediately after the Death or Intermarriage of her said Mother-in-Law, or her not making the said House wherein fte then lived her Habitation or Place of Abode, which ftould first happen, unto her the said Testatrix’s Nephew John Henry Maw, therein called John Maw, for his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and immediately after his Decease, fte the said Testatrix gave and devised the same to and amongst the Children of the said John Henry Maw’s Body issuing, for such Estates as he ftould by Deed or Will, to be by him duly executed and attested, di-rest, limit, and appoint the fame; and for Default of such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, to be equally divided amongst them and the several Heirs of their Bodies issuing, as Tenants in common, or wholly to one such Child of the Body of the said John Henry Maw her said Nephew (in case of one such Child only), and the Heirs of the Body of such only Child; and in case her said Nephew ftould happen to die without Issue of his Body, or all such Issue ftould die under Age without leaving lawful Issue of his, her, or their Bodies, then and in such Case, and not otherwise, the said Testatrix gave and devised all her Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and real Estates, with the Appurtenances, charged and chargeable as aforesaid, to her Cousin, Richard Stovin, since deceased, for his natural Life; and from and immediately after his Decease, {lie gave and devised the fame equally to and amongst Margaret, the Daughter of the said Richard Stovin, and all and every the other Daughters and younger Sons of the said Richard Stoving by him lawfully begotten or to be begotten, to take as Tenants in ..ommon, and not as joint Tenants, and to their several and respective Heirs and Assigns for ever, as Tenants in common as aforesaid, or wholly to One such Daughter or younger Son, in case there ftould happen to be One such Child, and to the Heirs and Assigns of such only Child for ever; and for Default of such Issue, the said Testatrix gave and devised the same to the right Heirs of the said Richard St twin for ever: And also reciting, that the said Testatrix died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, without altering or revoking her said Will: And also reciting, that the said John Henry Maw, on the Death of the said Testatrix, entered upon and took Possession of all the said Estates so

devised

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

devised to him as aforesaid, and he was then in the Possession and in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof as Devisee for Life, with Remainder over as aforesaid: And a!so reciting, that the said John Henry Maw married the said Margaret, Daughter of the said Richard Stovin, and by her had Eleven Children, Eight of whom were then living, namely, John Henry Shawe, Margaret, Richard Stovin, Thomas, Dorothy, George, Sarah Rhodes, and Frederick, all Infants, and that the said Margaret was dead; and that the said John Maw had lately married again, and had by his then present Wife One Child, Henry Lifter, then living, also an Infant: And also reciting, that the said Richard Stovin, deceased, had no younger Son, and no other Daughter besides the said Margaret, the first Wife of the said John Henry Maw: And also reciting, that Part of the said devised Estates consisted of a Mansion House, with a Garden and Appurtenances, in the Town of Wakefield aforesaid, and the rest of the fame Estates consisted of several Houses and Cottages, and Pieces of Land, in and near the Parish of Wakefield, and a small Parcel of Land, in the Town of Doneafier, all which Premises were together of the yearly Rent of Three hundred and twenty Pounds Six Shillings: And also reciting, that the said John Henry Maw, being by the Terms of the said Will obliged, in case of his disposing of the said Property among his Children in the Execution of the aforesaid Power thereby given him in that Behalf, to limit Part of the said Property to every One of his Children, who were then very numerous, and whose Number might still increase; and the said John Henry Maw conceiving that the Division into several Shares of Property, a considerable Part whereof consisted of Buildings, would be very disadvantageous to his Children after his Death, and there being Reason to conclude from the Situation of the said Property (except a very small Part) in and near a large trading and manufacturing Town, that the fame might be sold to very great Advantage, the said John Henry Maw was desirous that proper Trullees might be appointed to sell the same Estates, and that the clear Monies thence arising might, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, be laid out and inverted in the Purchase of other real Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses; it was enabled, That, from and immediately after the passing that Act, all and singular the Freehold, Capital Messuage or Mansion House, Messuages, Cottages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, comprized in and devised by the said recited Will of the said Dorothy Shawe as aforesaid, and which are . situate, lying, and being in the Town of Wakefield, and in Alverthorpe, and in Branaker in Stanley, in the Parish of Wakefield, and in OJfett in the Parish of Dcusbury, and in the Town of Doneafier, all in the County of York, (ail which Premises, together with the Copyhold Hereditaments devised by the said Will, are particularly specified in the Schedule under the said Act written) together with the Appurtenances; all which Premises ware then let at an annual Rent of Three hundred and twenty Pounds or thereabouts, should be verted in and settled upon, and the fame were thereby verted in and settled upon William Barnard of Gainshurgh, in the County of Lincoln, Gentleman, and Joshua Gibson of Epworth, in the said County of Lincoln, Clerk, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated, of and from all the Devises, Uses, Estates, Trulls, Limitations, Remainders, Reversions, and Charges, in and by the said Will of the said Dorothy Shawe, limited, expressed, or declared, of or concerning the same; but nevertheless upon Trull that they the fame Trullees respectively should, as soon as con- 1 veniently

636

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

vcniently might be, with the Consent and Approbation of the said John Hairy Maw during his Life, and after his Death then of the proper Authority of the same Trustees respectively, sell and dispose of the fame Hereditaments and Premises by public Auction or Sale, or private Contract, and together or in Parcels, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the belt Price or Prices that could be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and on Payment of the Purchase Money into the Bank as thereinafter mentioned, should convey and allure the fame unto or to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and the fame Trustees were by the said Act empowered and required, with all convenient Speed, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to sell and dispose of all the Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments comprized in and devised by the said recited Will of the said Dorothy Shawe, and which are situate, lying, and being in the said Town of Wakefield, and in Aherthorpe, and in Branaker in Stanley, in the said Parish of Wakefield, and in Offctt in the said Parish of Dewsbury, and in the said Town of Doncaster, all in the said County of York, in Manner thereinbefore preferred, respecting the said Freehold Hereditaments thereby vested and settled as aforesaid; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money, for which the fame Copyhold Premises respectively should be so fold, into the Bank as thereinafter mentioned, then to convey and assure the same to and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively; and after the Payment of the Costs of obtaining and passing that Act, and the Costs attending the Execution of the Trulls, all the Residue and Surplus of the said Monies were to be laid out by and with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of an Ellate of Inheritance in Fee Simple in Possession, Tituate in England or Wales, whereof not more than One-sixth Part should be Copyhold, to be conveyed, settled, and allured to the Ul'es, upon the Trulls, and under and subject to the Powers and Provisions limited or declared by the said Will of the said Testatrix Dorothy Shawe, of and concerning the said Freehold Premises by the said rift made saleable, or such Mr Maw's as should be undetermined or capable of taking Effect: And

Issue. whereas the said John Henry Maw, since the passing of the said recited Act, hath had One Child, James Stovin, now living and an Infant; and all the other Children of the said John Henry Maw, named in the said Act, Trustees have are also now living: And whereas no Price has been offered that appeared endeavoured adequate in the Mind of the said Trustees for the Sale of the said Estates, Edat*sunder therefore no Sale hath yet taken place, and from the Circumstance

the Act but hs being War Time there is Reason to apprehend that a considerable

raunot. Length or Time may elapse before the said Freehold and Copyhold Pre-

v ( f () mises can be fold advantageously: And whereas Part of the said Freehold and Freehold and Copy hold Premises was, prior to the Thirteenth Day of February last pall, Copyhold let to Tenants at the clear yearly Rent of Two hundred and ninety-eight

Estates. Pounds, and the remaining Part thereof then was and now is in Hand, and of ilife clear yearly Value or Seventy Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine-pence, making together the clear yearly Sum of Three hundred and sixty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Nine-pence: And whereas there are One thousand Yards or thereabouts of Land situate in Wakefield aforesaid, and Part of the Premises mentioned in the Firit Article in the First Schedule hereunto annexed, and not included in the Valuation thereof, which may, at the Expiration of the present Lease in May next, be worth not less than One thousand and fifty Pounds, to be sold, the Interest of which might

amount

637

44° GEORG IT III. Cap. 41.

amount to Fifty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Annum, and the Whole of the Estates comprized in the said Schedule together are of the yearly Value of Four hundred and Thirty Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny: And whereas the said John Henry Maw is seised in Fee Simple, free from Incumbrances, of several Closes and Pieces of Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Ground, situate in the Townships of Doncajier and Warmf-worth, both in the Parish of Doncajier, in the said County of 21irk, Part whereof is let to Tenants at the clear yearly Rent of Two hundred and sixty-three Pounds and Twelve Shillings, and the remaining Part thereof is in Hand, and of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred and forty-seven Pounds and Five-pence, making together the yearly Sum of Five hundred and ten Pounds Twelve Shillings and Five-pence, and the Whole together is of the clear yearly Value of Four hundred and seventy-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and one Penny: And whereas the said Fee Simple Estate of the said ’John Henry Maw is worth to be sold considerably more than the said Freehold and Copyhold Premises by the said Act; directed to be sold as aforesaid: And whereas the said John Henry Maw, being satisfied that it would be greatly beneficial to his Children, who are the only Persons in Remainder expectant on his Estate for Life under the said Will of the said Dorothy Shawe, he is desirous and hath proposed that his Fee Simple Estate at Doncajier and Warmsworth aforesaid, shall be settled to the subsisting Uses of the said Will, and that in lieu thereof the said Freehold and Copyhold Premises by the said Act directed to be sold as aforesaid, shall be vetted in him the said John Henry Maw in Fee Simple, discharged from the Trusts declared by the said Act of Parliament: But by reason of the Trusts declared by the said Act of Parliament, the said Proposal of the said John Henry Maw cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject, the said John Henry Maw, on Behalf of h-imfelf and his said Infant Children, doth most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all and singular the Freehold capital Messuage or Mansion House, and all and singular the Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments comprized in and devised by the said recited Will of the said Dorothy Shawe as aforesaid, and which are situated, lying, and being in the Town of Wakefield, and in Alverthorpe, and in Branaker in Stanley, in the Parish of Wakefield, and in Qffett in the Parish of Dewjhury, and in the Town of Doncajier all in the said County of York (all which Premises, together with the Copyhold Hereditaments devised by the said Will, are particularly specified in the Schedule to the said recited Act, and are, with the present yearly Rents and yearly Values thereof, speciried and set forth in the First Schedule to this Act), together with all Houses, Out-houses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Orchards, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, Ways, Waters, Watercourses, Ponds, Pools, Commons, Common of Pasture, Profits, Privileges, Commodities, Advantages, Easements, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the fame Freehold and Copyhold Premises or any of them belonging or in anywise appertaining, or with the fame or any Part thereof now or at any Time heretofore usually had, held, uled, occupied, possessed, and enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known, \Loc. & Per. J 7 T as

Mr. Mr.ua

polTcfled of certain Estates in Fee, in the Parish of Doncajltr,

The laid Fee ♦Simple Eftatts of more Value than the Estates in Settlement directed to be sold under the Act.

Mr. Ma<w desirous of exchanging the unfettk'd for the settled Estates.

The settled Estates veiled in Mr. Mam in Fee.

63S

The unfilled Estates vested in the Trustees named in the A&.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof or of any Part thereof (but subject and without Prejudice to the Rights of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors whereof the said Copyhold Preniifes are holden) shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be settled upon and veiled in, and the same are hereby from henceforth settled upon and vested in the said John Henry Maw, his Heirs and Assigns, to the only Use and Behoof of him the said John Henry Maw, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated, of and from all the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, in and by the said recited Act of Parliament expressed or declared, of and concerning the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That all those Three several C.loses or Parcels of inclosed Land, called the Middle Stand Close, the Near Stand Close, and the Far Stand Close, situate in the Parish of Doncaster, in the County of York, containing together, by Ellimation, Twenty-two Acres, and Three Roods, (be the fame more or less), now in the Tenure of the said John Henry Maw, his Assigns or Undertenants: All'o all that One other Close, Inclosure, or Parcel of Arable, Meadow, or Palture Land, lying and being within the Parish of Doncaster aforesaid, now called or known by the Name of the Ficld-ftde Close, containing by Ellimation Three Acres and Two Roods (be the fame more or less) heretofore in the Occupation of Francis Cayley the elder, but now in the Occupation of Leonard Walbanke Childers, Esquire, his Assigns or Undertenants, adjoining upon Doncaster Field towards the Well, and upon a Close belonging to Thomas Copley, Esquire, towards the Ealt, and abutting upon the High Road leading from Doncaster aforesaid, towards Hatfield towards the North: Also all that One other Close, Inclosure, or Parcel of Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, lying in or near Carrhouse, within the Township of Warmsworth, but in the Parish of Doncaster aforesaid, now called or known by the Name of Carrhouse Lane Close, containing by Ellimation Eight Acres, (be the fame more or less), heretofore in the Occupation of Grcefon, afterwards of Thomas Hardijly, late of Mr. William Barton, but now of Thomas Mar fall the younger, his Assigns or Undertenants, bounded by the said Lane called Carrhouse Lane, towards the North, by Glebe Land towards the Eall, by the Close of Land hereinafter described, late in the Occupation of Thomas Dawson, towards the Well, and by the Piece or Parcel of Land next hereinafter mentioned, towards the South: And also all that small Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Palture Land, containing by Ellimation Half an Acre, (be the fame more or less), lying at the South End of the said last-mentioned Close, and intended to be laid thereto, being Part of a Close or Parcel of Land now or late in the Occupation of John Walbanke Childers, Esquire, heretolore inclosed from a certain Parcel of Land called Carrhouse Carr, and which said small Parcel of Land is now fenced off at the Ealt End thereof, from the Residue of the said last-mentioned Close, with Polls and Rails, arid adjoins Southwards upon a certain private Drain or Watereourse upon the said Carr, called Carrhouse Catch Water Drain, and running from near Carrhouse, to and into a cert , in publick Drain or Watereourse upon the said Carr, called Lady Bank Drain, and is now in the Occupation of the said Thomas Mar fall, his Assigns or Undertenants: Also all that One other Close, Inclosure, or Parcel of Arable, Meadow, or Palture Land, in the Prcciafts of Carrhouse, and within the Township of Warmsworth aforesaid, but in die Parish oi Doncaster aforesaid, also now called or known by the

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

ihe Name of Carrhouse Lane Clofc, containing by Estimation Six Acres and an Half, (be the fame more or less), heretofore in the Pufieflion of 'Edward Holliday, afterwards of William Munfit ip, late of Thomas Dawson, but now of the said "John Henry Maw, his Alligns or Undertenants, bounded by the said Lane called Carrhouse Lane, towards the North, by the before-mentioned Close, late in the Occupation of the said William Barton, towards the East, by Land of the said John Henry Maw, lately purchased by him of and from Mr. Thomas Mandcll, towards the West, and by the before-mentioned private Drain or Watercourse towards the South: Also all that One other Cdofe or Parcel of ne>vly inclosed Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, called the Carr Clofc, lying and being upon the said Carr called Carrhouse Carr, containing by Estimation Eight Acres, (be the fame more or less,) late also in the Occupation of the said Thomas Dawson, but now in the Occupation of the said John Henry Maw, his Assigns or Undertenants, bounded by the said publick Drain upon the said Carr, called Lady Bank Drain, towards the South West, by the before-mentioned private Drain or Watercourse towards the North, by the Close of Carr Land, next hereinafter mentioned towards the East, and ends nearly in a Point towards the South: Also all that One other Close or Parcel of newly inclosed Arable, Meadow or Pasture Land, also lying and being upon the said Carr, and now called the Low Carr Close, containing by Estimation Eight Acres, (be the fame more or less,) late in the Occupation of the said John Walbanke Childers, but now in the Occupation of the said Thomas Marshall, his Assigns or Undertenants, bounded by the said last-mentioned Close towards the West, by ttie aforesaid private Drain towards the North, and by other Lands upon the said Carr, now belonging to the said John Walbanke Childers, towards the East and South; and which said two last-mentioned Closes, called the Carr Close and the Low Carr Close, and the said before-mentioned small Parcel of Land, containing about Half an Acre, are Part of a certain Parcel of Land lying upon the aforesaid Carr, heretofore assigned, allotted, and appointed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, unto the Co-heiresses of the late Leonard Childers, Esquire, deceased, marked upon the Map or Plan thereof, NJ 189, and containing in the Whole Thirty-one Acres and Three Roods, and are situate, lying, and being, within the Manor of the Rectory of Doncafer aforesaid, in the Township of Warmsworth, but in the Parish of Doncafer aforesaid: And also all that Flat Piece or Parcel, or Pieces or Parcels, of Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, lying and being together in a certain open Field within the Parish of Doncafer aforesaid, called Doncafer Field, containing together by Estimation Twenty-five Acres (be the fame more or less) late in the respective Tenures or Occupations of James White, Widow Petty, William Jenkinson, and John Kirkby, or their respective Assigns or Undertenants, afterwards in the Tenure or Occupation of Mary Stannel, Widow, but now of George Harrison, his Assigns or Undertenants, bounded by Land in the fame Field belonging to James Jackson, Esquire, towards the West by Land, belonging to Thomas Copley, Esquire, towards the East, by a certain ancient Inclosure belonging to William Ball, Esquire, called the Windmill Close, and the High Road leading from Doncafer aforesaid to Hatfield, towards the North, and by the before-mentioned Closes, called the Stand Closes, towards the South, together with the Sfiarry Hole at the North End of the fame Flat of Land adjoining upon the aforesaid High Road: And also all that Close, Piece, or Parcel of ancient inclosed Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, situate.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

lying, and being, within the Parish of Doncaster aforesaid, and called or known by the Name of the Carrftde, otherwise Lady Balk, otherwise Lady Bank Close, containing by Estimation Four Acres and Two Roods, but by Admeasurement by a late Survey taken thereof. Four Acres and Thirty-two Perches (be the fame more or less), Part whereof, containing by Estimation Two Acres and Two Roods, was heretofore purchased by the aforesaid Thomas Mandall, of and from James Stovin, Esquire, and other Part and the Residue thereof also heretofore purchased by the said Thomas Mandall, of and from Richard Slater, Esquire, and Miss Jane Heaton: And also all that One other Close or Parcel of new inclosed Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, situate, lying, and being, upon Doncaster Carr, otherwise Potterick Carr, within the Parish of Doncaster aforesaid, containing by Admeasurement by a late Survey taken thereof, Six Acres Two Roods and Twenty-four Perches (be the lame more or less), which said last-mentioned Close was also purchased by the said Thomas Mandall, of and from the said James Stovin, Part thereof was his own Allotment upon the said Carr, and other Parts thereof were purchased by him of various Persons in small (Quantities or Allotments, and which are now laid together in One Inclol'ure: And also all that One other Close or Parcel of new inclosed Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, situate, lying, and being, upon the said Carr, containing by Admeasurement by a late Survey taken thereof, Three Acres Three Roods and Twenty-five Perches, (be the fame more or less) Part whereof was also heretofore purchased by him the said Thomas Mandall, of and from the said James Stovin as aforesaid, and other Part thereof of and from William Pinchbeck, and which are now laid together in One Inclosure: And also all that Part or Parcel of One other Close or Parcel of new inclosed Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, also situate, lying, and being, upon the said Carr, containing in the Whole by Admeasurement by a late Survey taken thereof, Six Acres Three Roods and Two Perches (be the fame more or less,) except One Parcel of Land lying the rein, and on the South Side thereof, heretofore allotted and awarded to Samuel Cottcrill deceased, containing by Admeasurement Two Roods and Sixteen Perches, and which said Part or Parcel of the said last-mentioned Close, except the said Two Roods and Sixteen Perches, contains Six Acres and Twenty-six Perches, or thereabouts, and was in Part allotted and awarded to him the said Thomas Mandall, and other Parts were purchased by him of, and other Part thereof given to him by various Persons in small Quantities or Allotments, and which, including the said Parcel of Land containing Two Roods and Sixteen Perches, so allotted and awarded to the said Samuel Cotterill as aforesaid, are now laid together in One Inclosure: And also all that One other Close or Parcel of new inclosed Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, also situate, lying, and being, upon the said Carr, containing by Admeasurement by a late Survey taken thereof, Four Acres One Rood and Three Perches (be the fame more or less), lately also purchased by the said Thomas Mandall, of various Persons, in small Quantities or Allotments, and which are now laid together in one Inclosure: And also all that One other Close or Parcel of new inclosed Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, also situate, lying, and being upon the said Carr, containing by Ad-measurement by a late Survey taken thereof, Three Acres and Thirty-five Perches (be the fame more or less), also purchased by the said Thomas Mandall of and from Mr. Bethune Green, Part whereof was allotted to Ann Green his Mother, and other Part thereof was purchased by him of Thomas Cripps, Clerk, and are now laid together in One Inclosure; all which laid

before-

44° GEORGII III. Cdp* 41. 64

before-mentioned Closes, or Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments herein-before mentioned to have been purchased, or to have been allotted or given to the said Thomas Mandall, were late heretofore in the Possession or Occupation of the said Thomas Mandall, or his Tenants, but are new in the Tenure or Occupation of George Sidney and of the said "John Henry Maw, his Assigns or Undertenants: And also all that Close or Parcel of inclosed Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Land, situate, lying, and being, within the Parish of Dcncajicr aforesaid, and near to the Common there, called or known by the Name of The Common Close, otherwise Shovel Gate Close, containing by Estimation Five Acres and Twenty Perches (be the fame more or less), but by Admeasurement by a late Survey taken thereof. Five Acres One Rood and Twenty-four Perches, heretofore in the Tenure or Occupation of Joseph Hunter, late of Francis Peck, but now of the said John Henry Maw, his Assigns Or Undertenants:

And also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Meadow Ground, containing together by Estimation Ten Acres and an Half (be the fame more or less), lying and being dispersed in a certain Place or Meadow in Doncaster aforesaid, called Crimfall, which said Meadow Ground was some Time ago called Wig-fall Lands, and was formerly in the Occupation of Mr. Thomas Woodcock, afterwards of Mistress Elizabeth Gill, late of Mr. Robert Day, Innholder, but now of Thomas Wojfendir, and of the said John Henry Maw, his Assigns or Undertenants: All which Premises next before described, with the yearly Rents and yearly Values thereof, are specified and set forth in the second Schedule to this Act, together with all and Angular Idoufes,

Outhouses, Ediflces, Ruildings, Lands, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Commons, Common of Pasture and Turbary, Ways, Waters, Watercourses,

Easements, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the fame Closes, P eces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Part or Parcel thereof, belonging or in anywise appertaining, or with the fame or any Part thereof, now or at any Time heretofore commonly used, occupied, pofilffed, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, taken, or known, as Part,

Parcel, or Member thereof, or of any Part thereof, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be and stand settled, limited, and allured, to and upon such and so many of the Uses and Trulls, and under and subject to such and so many of the Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations, in and by the aforesaid recited Will of the said Dorothy Shavje limited, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the same Freehold Premises hereby vested in the said John Henry Maw, and his Heirs and Assigns, as are at the passing of this Act existing undetermined and capable of taking Efteft.

III. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and General Sa» Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick ln2-and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (other than and except the said John Henry Maw and his Heirs, and his present and future Children, and the Heirs of the several and respective Bodies of such Children, and the right Heirs of the said Margaret Maw, deceastd, and the right Heirs of the said Testatrix Dorothy Shawe, and the said William Barnard and Jof:ua Gibson, and their Heirs) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of, in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments and Premises hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they, every or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

[Lo<. Zj Per.~] 7 Z

642

[Publick Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 41*

[Publick Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the-Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a printed Copy thereof shall be admitted as Evidence, and taken Notice of and allowed by all Judges, Justices, and others, in the same Manner as if this Act had been hereby declared a

!. I.-

v '.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 643

The First SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act,

Containing a TERRIER or PARTICULAR of the Estates of John Henry Maw, Esquire, situate in Wakefield, and in Alverthorpe and Ojfiett, in and near the Parish of Wakefield, and in the Town of Doncaster, in the County of York.

OCCUPIERS.

DESCRIPTIONS.

Yearly Rent.iYearly Value.

ire,

In Wakefield:

John Heywood, Esquire. and his Undertenants

In Alverthorpe:

iohn Naylor, Esquire lettrs. Humble and Railtrick

On Hand and lately let to J George Strafford - -1

On Hand r -

George Wormald - - j

On Hand -

George Orange Robert Child William Richardson John Charnock, et cetera

At Branaler in Stanley:

M . Jufep h Walker

In Ofiett:

David Harrop -

In Doncaster:

Mayor and Corporation - j

A Mansion House, with Coach House, Gar-! dens, and several Warehouses, and a Pew > and Sittings in Two others in the Church J

Clayton Close ..... Long Close with Allotment ... A Cottage, a House formerly used as a"] Workhouse, with the Fold, a Garden, and I Allotments thereto; a Croft and two Oofes > called Upper and Lower Closes, and a fmail j Cottage - - - - J

A Cottage and fmail Allotments, and two 1 Closes called Willow Lane Closes, late in the Tenure of Samuel Scott . J A Cottage and two Closes called Upper Close!

and Well Close - - - - j

Two Closes called Wallet Close and Shoulder! of Mutton, late in the Tenure of Juhn > Roberts ..... J A Close called Old Matter Close Two Closes called Upper andLowerGrantClofes A Close called Hoyle Close A Coal Road or Rail Way

Three Cottage Houses (formerly in one) and Stable, with two Gardens, Croft, and lotment.

) and 1 I Al-I

A Close called Pale Side Close and fmail Piece I of Land in an open Field adjoining - j

A fmail Piece of Ground whereon the Shambles Hand ..

TotaFValue

Total Rental of Lands let Value of Land on Hand

£. e. d.^. e. d.

90 15 o too O o

In the above Valuation is not included the yearly jgg 10 ,

Value of One thousand Yards of Land, Part of the Premifts firtt above-mentioned, which may, at the Expiration of the present Lease, in May next, be worth not less than 1050/. to be sold, and the Interest thereof J2 /. ioj. j2 10

*7

41 8

49 3 8

33 S 3 26 3 10

’5 «4 3

21 8 18 16 16 4 iS 5

13 o o

*3 7 7

2 to O 2 10 o

O 378 7 1

298 o o 70 10 9

421

52 to o

9 430 17 t

Value of the Timber about £. 100.

final'. Teal.

644

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 41

The Second SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing Act,

Containing a TERRIER or PARTICULAR of the Estates of which John Henry Maw, Esquire, is seised in Fee Simple, situate in the Townships of Doncasler and IYarmsworth, in the Parish of Doncajier, in the County of York.

OCCUPIERS.

On Hand, and John Stainton

LeonardWalbankeChilders,) Esquire - - - J

Thomas Marshall, Junior

I

On Hand Ditto

Mr. George Harrison On Hand

Ditto.

George Sidney-On Hand George Sidney On Hand

Ditto.

On Hand, and Thomas Woffendin

-I

DESCRIPTIONS. Vear! Rent. Yearly Value,

L* d. £ s» d.

I'hree doles called Middle Stand Close,l 4S

Near Stand Close and Far Stand Clofc J 120 I 2

A Close called Field Side Close ... 20 O O 18 3 9

Three Close?, called Carr House Lane Close, "1

a small Piece of Land at the South End > <57 4 O 58 H II

thereof, and Low Carr Close - J

Another Close, called Carr House Lane Clole 26 7 7

A Close called Carr Clofc, in two Parts 24 9 11

A Flat of Land in Doncaster Field, with the "I

Quarry Hole at the North End - - J 79 H 7

A Close called Carr Side, otherwise Lady

Balk, otherwise Lady Bank Close - j *9 9 9

A Close upon Doncalier Carr, otherwise Pot-1

teric Carr - - - - J *3 9

Another Close upon the fame Carr 16 16 O I I 15 10

Part of another Close upon the fame Carr — 18 18 4

Another Close upon the fame Carr 18 0 O 13 3 2

Another Close upon the fame Carr — 8 6

A Close of Land, called Common Close,

otherwise Shovel Gate Close - j 24 O

Several Parcels of Land in an Open Meadow,]

called Crimpfall - - - J 31 r7 IO

Total yearly Value . . 478 ‘7 1

Total Rental ot Lands let 12 O

Value of Lands on Hand 247 0 5

Total Rental and Value on Hand 5

Value of the Timber £. 600 and upwards. Jor.aV1. Teal.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

r.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish

of Haddifcoe, in the County of Norfolk.

WHEREAS within the Manor and Parish of Haddifcoe, in the C unty of Norfolk, there are several Pieces or Parcels of Common or Waste Ground, lying dispersed in different Places, containing together One hundred and eighty Acres, or thereabouts: And wherras George Grimmer, Gentleman, is Lord of the Manor of Haddifcoe, within the said Parish: And whereas the Provost and Scholars of King’s College, Cambridge, are l'eifed of the perpetual Advowson, Right of Patronage, and Prel'entation, of, in, and to the consolidated Rectory of Haddifcoe, with Toft Monks annexed, and the Reverend Thomas Ellison is the present Rcttor and Incumbent thereof, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands lying within the said Parish of Haddifcoe: And whereas the said George Grimmer, John Grimmer, Gentleman, and divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of all the Commonable Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, Lands, and Hereditaments, fttuate, lying, and being, within the said Parish of Haddifcoe, and interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and it would be of great Advantage to them, and they are desirous that the fame may be divided and inclosed, and that specific Shares thereof may be assigned and allotted to and amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in lieu of such their Rights and Interests respr£hvely: But although such Division and Inclosure would be a manifest Advantage to all Persons concerned, and would tend to the

A >i / ct: . j - i - rj\

11

[16th May 1804.]

{Lot. y Per.-]

8 A

Improvement

646

Commission-

cr».

Two Commissioner* may aft.

For cleft ing new Commissioners.

Commissioners Allowance.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Improvement of their respective Estates, yet the fame cannot be accom- plished and tffedlually dlabiished without the Aid anti Authority of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ail certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the federal Fads usually required on the faffing of such Acts: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be toadied; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commons and Waste Grounds shall be set out, divided, allotted, and inclosed, in Manner herein-after mentioned, and that Henry yermyn, of Sibton in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, Robert Hoyden, of North Cove in the said County of Suffolk, and WM am Cole, of Loddon in the County of Norfolk, Gentlemen, and their Sutcefiors, to be elcdled in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waite Grounds and for putting this Act in Execution, in the Manner, and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions, herein contained, and also subject to the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act, except where the same are hereby varied and altered.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Powers, Authorities, Directions, Acts, Matters, and T hings, thereby or hereby vested in them, or authorized or dirteted to be done or executed by or before the said Comm flioners, may be done and executed by or before any Two of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if dene and executed by or before all the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners shall refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in him or them, or shall die, before all the Powers and Authorities reposed in the said Commissioners shall have been fully executed and performed, it shall be lawful for the remaining or surviving Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and it hereby required, by Writing under their Hands and Seals or his Hand and Seal, from Time to Time within the Space of Thirty Days next after the Refusal, Incapacity, or Death, of any such Commissioner or Commissioners, to appoint another Pexfon, not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the room of every such Commissioner so refusing or becoming incapable to act, or dying; and every such Commissioner so to be appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority to execute this Act and the said recited Act, as the Commissioner whom he shall succeed was veiled with.

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies that shall be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, there shall be paid to each of the said Commissioners, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings, for every Day he shall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending at the Meetings to be held for the Execution of this Act, and the said recited Act,

44-’ GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 647

over and besides their reasonable travelling Expences, and all other Expences occasioned by their Attendance at such Meetings.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Notices and Advertisements Advertise. necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, ent'in and not herein-after or by the said recited Act otherwise directed, shall be Ne* papers‘ so made and given by Advertisement in The Norwich Mercury, or in some other publick Newspaper to be circulated in the said County of Norfolk.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Notice of they are hereby required to give or cause to be given publick Notice in Meetings, the Parish Church of Haddifcoe aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately

after the Time of Divine Service, or by Advertisement to be inserted in The Norwich Mercury, or some other publick Newspaper to be circulated in the said County of Norfolk, of the Time and Place of their First and every other Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vested in them, Ten Days at the lead before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any of their Me-tings to be holden in pursuance of this Acr, from Time to Time as they shall find it convenient, to continue such Meeting by Adjournment; provided, that if at any Meeting appointed to be holden as aforesaid, it shall happen that only One of the said Commissioners shall attend, such Commissioner may adjourn such Meeting to any future Day he shall see most convenient, giving due Notice to the others or other of the said Comnvflioners, and (o on from Time to Time as often as there shall be Occasion, until Two or more of the said Commissioners shall be prclent.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings of the said Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, shall be held at Haddfcoe aforesaid, or within the Didance of Eight Miles from the said Parish -, and that the Proprietors interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and all Persons claiming to be interested therein, shall pay their own Expences, and the Charges and Expences of their Agents and Atcornies, when they shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their said Meetings.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Commissioners shall have perambulated, set out, ascertained, and fixed, the Boundaries of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and also the general Boundaries between the said Parish of Haddifoe and the several Parishes to the fame adjoining, under the Powers and Regulations, and in conformity to the Act herein-before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commifli mers, and they are hereby empowered, if they fee fit, to shorten and vary the said Boundaries, in such Manner as to them the said Commissioners shall appear moll advantageous to all Parties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, from and after the passing of this Act, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, to cut, dig, pare, grave, break up, flay, or carry away, the Turf, Flags, or Soil, upon or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, or to

fell.

Where Meeting-. to be held.

Proprietors to pay their own Expences.

For altering the Boundaries.

To prevent breaking Soil of Commons without Leave.

648

Comm iffioners to settle Disputes;

and to assess Colts.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

fell, lop, top, cut down, take or carry away any Trees, Shrubs, Bodies, Thorns, Ling, Furze, or Whins, growing thereon, without the Licence or Consent of the said Commissioners in Writing under their Hands, first had and obtained ^which Licence or Consent the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Reftrtftions, as they shall think proper to insert therein); and if any Person or Persons shall, alter the passing of this Act, and before the Execution of the said Award, cut, dig, pare, grave, break up, fiav, or carry away, any Turf, Flags, or Soil, from any Part of the said Commons, and Waste Grounds, or fell, lop, top, cut down, take, or carry away, any Trees, Shrubs, Bushes, Thorns, Ling, Furze, or Whins, growing or being in or upon the fame, without such Licence or Consent as aforesaid, or having obtained such Licence and Consent shall act in any Manner contrary thereto, or to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, therein contained, every such Person being convicted thereof, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, not being interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer, and to summon the Person complained of, and examine such Witness or Witnesses relating to the said Complaint) shall for every Offence forfeit and pay fuc h Sum of Money as the said Justice shall direct, not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Foity Shillings; and it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person or P.-rlons whomsoever, to cause the said Penalty to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons offending,(Demand having been first made thereof), rendering the Overplus, (if any), after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and such Penalty, when paid or levied, shall be applied by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Claim of Right of Common, or other Right or Inteteft, in or to the said Commons and Waste G'ounds, intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, shall, by Writing to be delivered to the said Commissioners, at such Time as shall be by them appointed for that Purpose, in pursuance of the said herein-before recited Act, be objected to by any Person or Persons claiming to be interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and the Party or Parties making such Claim shall persist therein, then the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, at a Meeting to be by them held for that Purpose, of which they shall give pubhek Notice ac lead Ten Days before the Time of holding the lame, to hear and determine the Matter of every such Claim so made and objected to, and per-fifttd in as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to affels such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Patty or Parties in whole Favour any such Determination shall be made, by the Party or Parties against whom the same shall be made, and the same shall be paid within such Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay such Costs and Charges, within Ten Days next after Demand thereof made, the same shall and may be levied by

Distress

649

44° GEORGII III. Cup, 42.

Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Paid Commissioners, which Warrant the Paid Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof on Oath of such Neglect or Rtfufal, and of such Demand as aforesaid; and the Overplus (if any) after che Charges of levying the same shall have been deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be diflathfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any such Claim or Claims of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, to, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Parc thereof, then and in every such Case ic shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to try all such Claims at Law at the next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk, upon a feigned Issue, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months after such Determination of the said Commissioners-, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action is and are hereby required forthwith to appear to such Action, accept a Declaration, and plead to Issue (such Issue to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame)} and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever. Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cases; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside br the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements, whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be broughc in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as shall have been made as aforesaid, with respect to such Claims, touching which no such Action at Law shall be brought or commenced, and proceeded in within the Time aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, upon all Persons whomsoever; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Allowing Parties to try their Rights by an Issue at Law.

CommifTtoneri not to determine Titles,

If any of the Panics die. Proceeding* not to abate,

If io Action brought, then the Determination of Cota-millionero to be final.

650

Respecting

Encroach*

ments.

Cattle not to be grazed on the Roads for Seven Years.

Allotment for Gravel Pits.

Allotment to the Lord of the Manor.

44° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 42.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which hare been made upon the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, at any Time since the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, shall be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, save and except such Parts thereof as have been inclosed by virtue of a Licence in Writing under the Hand of the Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Haddifcoe, duly entered or inrolled in the Court Books or Rolls of such Manor; but no Person or Persons inPofftffion of any Land which has been so inclosed from the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the Time aforesaid shall be entitled to any Allotment in respect thereof under or by virtue of this Act; and in case any Dispute or Disputes shall arise touching any such Encroachment or Encroachments, or the Extent or Duration thereof, such Dispute or Disputes shall be settled and finally determined by the said Commissioners.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever, in or upon any of the publick Roads or Ways which the said Commissioners shall order and direct to be set out and fenced on both Sides, for the Space of Seven Years next after the making and executing of their Award, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings for every such Beast, Horse, Afs, Sheep, or Lamb, which shall be found therein, to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall take and impound the fame; and every Proprietor or Occupier of Lands and Tenements within the said Parish, and their and every of their Servants and Labourers, is and are hereby empowered to take and impound every such Bead, Horse, Afs, Sheep, or Lamb, which shall be so found grazing as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after any Quicksets shall be planted next the said Roads or Ways so fenced off as aforesaid, before the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the first place, to set out and allot such Parts or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as they shall think proper, as and for publick Clay, Gravel, and Sand Pits, with convenient Roads to and from the same, to be used by the Proprietors of Lands and Effaces in the said Parish, and their respective Tenants, as well for their own necessary Uses within the said Parish only, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations, as the said Commissioners shall by their Award direct or appoint, as in common for the Repairs of the publick and private Roads within the same Parish, and that such Allotments shall be vested in the Surveycrsof the Highways of the said Parish, in Trust for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall and may be by them the said Surveyors ftom Time to Time let (subject to such Right of taking Clay, Gravel, and Sand, therefrom) for the bell Rents that can be gotten for the fame, to be applied towards the Repairs of the publick Roads and Ways within the said Parish.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the next place, assign, set out, and allot, unto the said George Grimmer, Lord of the aforementioned Manor, or unto such other Person or Persons being Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors

within

6$*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

within the said Parish of Haddifcoe, and as such entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Walie Grounds, or any Part thereof, so much and such Part or Parts, of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as the said Commissioners shall judge to be a Recompence and Compensation for his, her, or their Rights to such Soil: Provided always, that such Allotment or Allotments shall not exceed in the17 Whole, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, the Value of One-sixteenth Part of the said Commons and Waste Groands.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall A'^t^ent for also assign, set out, and allot, unto the said George Grimmer, his Heirs and ie r' Assigns, being Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor of Haddifcoe, and to the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, and to their respective Successors, for the Use and Benefit of the poor Persons residing within the said Parish, such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as the said Commissioners shall think fit; which Allotments, when set out, shall be, and the same shall be deemed to be, vested in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor, and the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being for ever, upon Trust that they the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, and their Successors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall, and they, or the major Parc of them, are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, by any Deeds or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, or otherwise, from Time to Time to demise and let by publick Auction the said Lands so to be allotted to them respectively as aforesaid, or such Part and Parts thereof as the said Commissioners in their Award shall order and direct to be let, and publick Notice of such Auction shall be given upon a Sunday in the Parish Church of the said Parish immediately after Divine Service, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, as they shall think proper, for the bell or mod improved Rent that can be reasonably gotten for the fame, without taking any Income,

Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in Consideration of any such Lease, and under and subject to such Covenants and Agreements as they shall think proper-, and all such Deeds and Writings shall be good and valid in the Law and the Rents and Profits arising from such Lands, shall from Time to Time be paid to the Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, and be by them applied for the Use and Benefit of such poor Persons, in the Purchase of Coals or other Fuel, to be distributed to them at such Times and in such Manner as the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens and Overseers of the said Parish, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, shall think moll beneficial and as to such Part and Parts of the said Lands as shall not be by the said Commissioners directed to be so ltr, it shall be lawful for the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said Parish for the Time being, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, and at any Time when they shall think fit, to appropriate such Part of the Lands so to be allotted to them as aforesaid, and not by the said Commissioners directed to be let, or any Part or Parts thereof, for the growing of Whins, Broom, Ling, or Heath, or for the digging or

cutting

652 4*4® GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

cutting of Peat, Turf, or Flag, or for raising of any Vegetables, or for any other Uses or Purposes whatsoever, which they the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said Parish for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall think mod needful and beneficial for such poor Persons respectively as aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions and under and subject to such Rules, Ordeis, and Regulations, as they the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Rector, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said Parish for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time think fit and proper, and which they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and alter for that Purpose, when and as often as they shall think necessary: Provided nevertheless, that no Person or Persons who shall occupy Lands and Tenements in the said Parish of Haddifyc, of more than the yearly Rent or Value of Five Pounds, shall be entitled to receive any Coals or other Fuel to be purchased as aforesaid, or to have, cut, or take, any Turf or Firing, so to be fen out as aforesaid for the Poor of the said Parish.

Allotment of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after all the Allotments herein-

the RcCniue. before mentioned shall be made, the said Commissioners shall then assign, set out, and allot, all the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, unto and amongst the said George Grimmer, John Grimmer, and all other Persons interested therein at the Time of such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, in proportion and according to their respective Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, in, to, and over the said Commons and Waste Grounds, so to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid (other than and except such Rights and Interests for which a Compensation is herein-before directed to be made as aforesaid) and in proportion to the real yearly Value of thej several Messuages, Cottages, and Tofts, with the Lands, Tenements, and Appurtenances thereto reflectively belonging, in right of which such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, save and except such small Owners whose Property in Messuages, Cottages, or Tofts, with the Lands, Tenements, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging within the said Parish, shall, at the Time of passing this Act, be assessed to the Land Tax for the said Parish at any Sum or Sums of Money not amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Five Pounds, to whom the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to assign, set out, and allot, such Quantity of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as they shall think proper, not exceeding a double Quantity in Value, in proportion to the Allotment or Allotments made to other Proprietors, whose Property in Messuages, Cotcages, or Tofts, with the Lands, Tenements, and Appurtenances thereto respectively belonging, within the said Parish, shall, at the Time of passing this Act, be assessed to the Land Tax for the said Parish at or above the Sum of Five Pounds.

Commissionfri

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference

to fcttte Dif- shall arise between any of the Parties, touching the respective Shares and

ferences. Proportions of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, hereby intended to

to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, which they or any of them ought to have in lieu of their Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, and upon the fame, or touching any Timber, Wood, or Bullies, growing upon the said Lands or Grounds, or touching or concerning

any

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 653

any Encroachment which shall have been committed thereon, or touching or ooncerning any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, ic shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, and determine the fame, in like Manner, and by the like Ways or Means, as they are herein-brfore authorized and empowered to hear and determine any Claims which shall be delivered to them in Writing, and objected to by any Person or Persons claiming to be interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds: Provided always, that when the said Commissioners Commission-shall have adjudged and declared the respective Shares, Rights, and In- aschedule'o't terefts, to be allotted to the said Owners and Proprietors respectively, of the intended and in the said Commons and Waste Grounds to be divided by virtue of Allotlueilt-th'j Act, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice in such Manner as is herein-before directed with rdpeft to their Meetings, of some convenient Time and Place when and where all Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and may take a Copy of such Schedule, or ahy Part thereof; and in regard that some Person or Persons may bd dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give Notice as aforesaid of a Meeting to be held by them for receiving Complaints or Objections to such intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining such Complaints and Objections.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all such Parts of the said Com- Allotments to mons and Waste Grounds as shall be assigned or allotted unto any Person tenure' or Persons by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, or Tofts, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are holden by Copy of Court Roll of the said Manor of Haddifcoe, or of any other Manor or Manors, shall be deemed and taken to be Copyhold of the said Manor or Manors respectively (save and except such Allotments to be made in respect of any such Copyhold as aforesaid, which shall contain In she Whole less than One Rood), and shall be subject and liable to, and the Proprietors thereof respectively for the Time being shall pay to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said several Manors respectively for ever, a Yearly Quit Rent* at and after the Rate of One Penny for every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds, which shall be allotted in respect of such Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, or Tofts, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than an Acre; and the several Persons to whom such Copyhold Allotments shall be made as aforesaid, shall, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, or at the first General Court Baron to be holden for the said £yeral Manors respectively next after the Expiration thereof, be admitted Tenants to the fame Allotments respectively, without paying any Fines or other Charges to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Stewards of any of the said several Manors, (save and except the Stamp Duties and Parchment requiftte to be ul'ed for the Copies of such Adimflions respectively, and such reosonable Fees to the Stewards of the said Manors respectively, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order and direct); but in case any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, to whom any such Copyhold Allotment or Allotments shall be made, shall neglect or refuse to be admitted Tenant thereto within the said Six Calendar Months, or at the first General Court Baron to be holden for the said several Manors next after the Expiration thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Lalte, of the said several Manors respectively for the Time being, to talft and [Ltc. isf Per.2 8 C use

1

654

For jllowing Exchanges to be made.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

use all such Measures for compelling such Admission or Admissions to the Lid Allotment or Allotments respectively, as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors, is or are now by Law and according to the Customs of the said M nor or Manors empowered to take and ule, for want of a Tenant to any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, holden by Copy of Court Roll of the said Manor or Manors, and in such Case the fame FineSj Fees, and other Payments, shall be due and payable on such Admission or Admissions respectively, as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, and Stewards of the said Manor or Manors, are trow by Law and the Customs of the lame Manor or Manors entitled to take and receive, upon Admissions to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holden by Copy of Court Roll of the said fevetal Manors respectively; and that, from and after the first Admission, all the said Copyhold Allotments shall fur ever thereafter be held under and subject to the fame Fines and Services as the said Copyhold Lands and Tenements respectively, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made are now subject and liable to, together with the said Quit Rent, at and after the Rate of One Penny per Acre Yearly; and that all other Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which shall be assigned or allotted unto any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, for and in respect of any Freehold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, or Tofts, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be deemed and taken to be F cehoid and Leafeholn, and shall be held and enjoyed as such accordingly, subject nevertheless to such Rents, Payments, Customs, and Service , as the respective Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof the same shall be assigned or allotted, are now subject and liable to.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to set out, allor, and award any l.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Haddifcoe, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Township, provided that all such Ex hanges be ascertained, specified, and declared, in the said Award of the said Commissionersj and be made with the Conient of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees f r Charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors cr Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such F.xchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or unuer any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other confeniing Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and tffcftual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, o. Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesultical Bcntfice, without the Confcnr, testified as aforesaid,

of

655

44° GEORGII III. Cdp. 42.

of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Di >refe in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so ro be exchanged shall lie and be situate: Provided always, that all Col's, Charges, ami Expences, attending the m.king any Exchanges and Paititions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exthaeig s or Partitions, in f ch Manner and in such Proportion as the Paid Commissioners shall by their Paid Award order and direct.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul, any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim ot Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, ouc of, upon, or affi-sting any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclufed as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but that ear h and every Proprietor shall (land and be Icifed of the Allotment and Allotments to be assigned and made to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, or which shall be given or taken in exchange, or of which Partition shall or may be made in pursuance of the before recited Act, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Eftatrs, and subject to such and the lame Wills, Jointures. Limitations, Trusts, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the lame Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for or in rtfprft whereof such Allotments, Exchanges, or Partitions, fh >11 be made, would have been subject or liable to be charged with or affected by in case the fame had remained uninclosed, unexchanged, or no Partition had been made as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enact^d, That the several Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which may be made to the Keftor of the said Panda of Haddifcoc in pursuance of this Act, for or in respect of any Messuages or Glebe Lands belonging to the Church of the said Par (h, and the said Allotments herein-before d reded to be made to the said Surveyors of the Highways, and for the Benefit of the poor Persons ot Had-discoe as aforesaid, shall be inclosed and fenced in with lu> h Dirchcs, Hedges, Mounds, or other Fences, as the said Comm fiioners shall think proper, and ihe levepal Expences therrof raised and paid in like Manner as the Expences of obtaining this f\ft, and of carrying the lame into Execution, are herein-after directed to be raised and paid; and that all such Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, and.Fences, when made, shall forever thereafter be maintained and supported by and at the Expence of the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being, and with and out of the Profits and Produce of the said respective Allotments which may be made to the (said Spr yeyors, and the , Trustees of the Poor of the said Parish; and that all the other allotmentsicf the salt] Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended so be divided and allotiei’, shall be inclosed and fenced with proper Pitches, Hedges, Mounds, or other Fences, to be made, and at all Tfinfts thereafter repaired, by and ar the Expence of the several Persons so pr.for whom the same shall be respectively allotted, within such

Time and, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their

Award, or by apy Writing under their Hands previnus thereto, direct or appoint: Provided always, that in case it shall haupen.thit any Person or Persons, to whom any, Allotment or Allotments'Ci the fai^-Cooi/nons and

Waste

Wills and Settlements not tc be af\ fected.

Allotments to the Rector, for Gravel Pits, and for the Poor, to be fenced at i he general E*pence.

Expence of

fencing other A otm nts, flow to be paid j

and to be made equal.

656

Payments for Great and Small Tythes for the hrlt Six Years, to be settled by the Commissioners.

Lessees of Lands may hold Allotments.

44-° GEORGII III; Cap. 42.

Waste Grounds shall be made under this Act, shall have more than an equal and proportionable Share of Boundary Fences to make and rail'e to inclose the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge it proper, having due Regard to the Quantity and Value of each and every Allotment and to the necessary Suodivisions to be made thereon, to ascertain and appoint such-Sum of Money to every such Proprietor, towards making such Fences, by such other of the said Proprietors, who under the said Regulations may have less than an equal Proportion of Fencing allotted to them, or otherwise to make such Allowance out of the publick or general Expences to be raised by virtue of this Act, as they shall think reasonable* in order that the said Boundary Fences may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportion.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Thomas Ellison, Rector of the said Parish of HaddifcOe aforesaid, and his Successors, Rectors of the said Parish for the Time being, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby respecti'vely empowered to ask, demand, sue for, recover, and receive, of and from every Occupier, Owner, or Proprietor, of the several Allotments (6 be made by virtue of this Act* from Which he or they shall be respectively entitled to receive Tythes, for. In lieu, and full Satisfaction of all the Great and Small Tythes, which shall yearly arise, renew, increase, or be produced in and upon such Allotments respectively, in the first Six Years next after the farhe shall be inclosed; or the Award of the said Commissioners shall be rfiade, such Sum and Sums of Money annually and no more, as the said Commissioners shall* in and by their said Award, or some other Instrument or Schedule under their Hands, order, direct* or appoint* to be paid for or in respect of such Tythes respectively; and from and after the Expiration of the said Six Years, the said Rector for the Time being shall be entitled to receive and take in Kind all and ail Manner of Great and Small Tythes, arising or coming, or which shall arise or dome, off or from the same Allotments from which he shall be respectivety'entitled to receive Tythes as aforesaid,' and every or any of them.

- ' i . a. - 1 1

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Ltffee or Lessees of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, by’virtue of any Lease or Leases, or other Agreement, for any Time or Times therein, to hold and enjoy such Allotment or Allotments as shall be made in respect of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by him, her, or them, so held or enjoyed, for and during all such Time and Term as he, she, or they, shall or may have to come and unexpired of such former holding, upon paying such further or advanced Rent or Rents to their respective Lessors or Landlords, and under and subject to such Orders and Regulations respecting the Tillage and Management thereof, as shall be ascertained and determined by the said Commissioners, and be specified in and by some Instrument or Instruments in Writing under their Hands, to be made at the Expence of such Lessee or Lessees respectively, which Rent or Rents shall be paid at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall by such Instrument or Instruments respectively appoint; and such Lessor or Lessors, Landlord or Landlords, shall have such Powers and Remedies for the recovering and obtaining such additional Rent, as he, she, or they had, or was or were entitled to have had, for obtaining and recovering the original Rent referred by such

Lease

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 657

Lease of Leases, or other Agreements; and in case any such Lessee of Lessees who shall hold any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at Rack Rent, shall not, within Cne Calendar Month next after the Date of such Instrument or Instruments as aforesaid, give Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention of holding the Allotment or Allotments 16 to be made in respect of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and thereby agree to pay for the fame such Rent or Rents as the said Commissioners shall have so appointed to be paid to the Lessor or Lessors, Landlord or Landlords thereof (such Notice to be left at his, her, or their last or most usual Place or Places of Abode), that then and in such Case the Allotment or Allotments so to be made in Right of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, respectively, leased to or agreed to be held by such Lessee or Lessees so negltding or tefufing to give Notice as aforesaid, shall go and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by his, her, or their respective Lessors or Landlords, freed and discharged of and from all Right and Interest of such respective Lessees.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money Exprrcesof herein-before directed to be paid to the said Commissioners for their the Act, how Trouble and Attendance in the Execution of this Act, over and besides to be i'ald-their reasonable and necdTary Expences, and to the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by them for surveying and admeasuring, planning and mapping, the said Commons and Waste Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, by virtue of this Act, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments* in respect whereof a Right of Common, or other Right or Icterest thereon or therein shall be claimed j and also the Costs and Charges in any way occasioned by, incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of valuing, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and all other necdTary Expences of the several Persons employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Pre-mifies, and of all publick Works, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences, of carrying this Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several l'ersons to whom Allotments shall be made byvhtueof this Act (other than and except the Recior, and the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish of lladdifcoe, for and in respect of the Allotments to be made to them, and the several Persons to whom the said Allotment for the Benefic of the said poor Persons shall be made as aforesaid, who are not to bear or pay any Parc thereof in respect of such Allotments) in proportion to the Value of the Lands to be allotted to them respectively, to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid by them the iiid Proprietors respectively, at such Time or Times as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, and in and by their Award mention and appoint for that Purpose.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commission-said Commissioners to borrow and take up at Interest, of any Person or ‘"^nb°r' Persons willing to advance and lend the fame, such Sum or Sums of to pay Ex-Money as shall from Time to Time be necdTary for defraying the Charges Penc:‘1 and Expences of passing this Act, and carrying the fame into 'Execution; Money ad-and that the Money which shall be so advanced for the Purposes aforesaid, vanceit to be shall be repaid, with lawful Interest, to such Person or Persons, out of the ^"Lw,th ILoc.e Per.-] 8 D ' $rft

658

44° GEORGII III. Cap.\2.

fit ft Monies which shall be raised from the several Proprietors, as herein, before mentioned and directed for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

«on-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in each and every their°Ac- Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from

counts before the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are tincVII'1every hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Year. Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for theif

own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such State* ment or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before Two Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Norfolk, to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

Allowing an

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Qaarier Sei-'e think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in lions. pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Orders and Determi-

nations of the said Commissioners as are directed to be final, binding, and conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried, as herein-before mentioned) then and in every such Case he, she, or they, may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Norfolk, at the Shire Hall of the City of Norwich aforesaid, within Four Calendar Months next after the said Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving the said Commissioners, or the Party or Parties intended to be appealed against. Ten Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof j and the Justices in their said General Quarter Srflions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Colts and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to levy, by their Order or Warrant, the Colts and Damages which shall be so awarded, by DistreCs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere , but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Colts, to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

General XXXI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His

tv.i.n.g. Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest (other than

659

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

and except such as are meant and expressed to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, by this Act) of, in, to, or out of, the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made,

[Publick Act.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by For printing the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed tt{j*b.y may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges printer, and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804,

' 11. I r V ' \|>|k

r*M>~; * '.i Il-rjfr «M is

: . j { A s'.; v. £h'

I ,bwc ( ib'Sd 0! &: vr)-tr>f| t-itr *-0

\LiO I. k-'M :o f* t ,<1}VJ

_;.t ns^H: ori . J

: ’,:r . ' \ .’n . ,

i .! v Sna ,vi.; j'rs’-v' r.: k ;u3T; u moli'i sH?

' I: i 1 ‘

.: [ ilea v v,v.* - e

, s'-" ' ...-I

.;. ' 1.4: ' C '

i-r :. "1 :>y. ' ..'.j ir*

nft % til i

in Ji '»(?;

-S. >* *1 *.*; H: w-*! k-

: I -1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 43.

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Knaresborough in the County of York.

[18th May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading 13 G. 3. from Wetherby to Knaresborough in the County of York: And whereas great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening the said Roads; and several Sums of Money are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads kept in Repair, unless the Term and Fowers of the said Act are further continued: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all the Powers, Provi- Acti further fions, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such as relate continued to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act,

[Lot. y Ptr.] '8 E and

662

General Exemptions.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

and ihe additional Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said Act, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Act or of this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry Or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads cloth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but pass. ing to belaid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Comport, or Manures employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, cr guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Partes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beart drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Ca-la(h, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the County of York, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded , and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent cr collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 663

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or ofcompenii-uled by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, for ^er^xceed the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Co- g' j00 /. vert. Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in

the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be. Ibid.for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed »o be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo- Application ney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to when less than any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapa- »oo/. and city as aforesaid, shall be iefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, *b0¥e lo1' and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales

the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified

in

664.

When left than ao/.

In case of not making out Titles j

or if Person6 cannot be found. Purchase Mrney to be paid into the Bank;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Cale be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Coriimittees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees,or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m); subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution-thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ellate or Estates, Title or Intereil, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to makeTuch other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caihitrs of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is

and

665

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into che Bank as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise ^"',^’1 touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank arise touching of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General the Tele to of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or fou who than of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lrmds, Tenements, or Heredi-laments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities L*nds«/r. to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been chafe, shall in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, thereto ac-or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or He- t\Slu reditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and thac forne other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further, enacted, That where, by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, may order entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased Expences'of under the Authority of the said Act or this Act, the Purchase Money Purchases to for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be thee'ompany. applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Tiuflees who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences For paying

incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be Ex

paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of che said Act and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, Public!; Act. and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

[Loc. fc? Per.] 8 F

666

Commence* went and Continuance ff the Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Expiration of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and shall from thenceforth continue for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

u

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 44.

An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Talbot Lord Dynevor, and other Persons claiming under the Will of the late Right Honourable Cecil Baro-ness Dynevor, to grant Building Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil in the County of Glamorgan, bfcing Part of the Estates devised by the said Will.

[18th May 1804 ]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Cecil Baroness Dynevor deceased, by her last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, duly executed and attelted, as by Law is required, for rendering valid Deviles of Real Estate, gave and devised, all and every the Manor, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, given to her by the Will of her late Father William Lord Talbot, and all other her Real Estate whatsoever and wheresoever, unto John Chetwynd Talbct Earl Talbot, and Nathaniel Ryder Lord Iiarrowby, their Heirs and Adtgns, to the Use of William Markham, Archbishop of York, and ILoc. fc? Per.] 8 G Albany

17th Dee. 1788 WiU Of Ce.il Baronet's Dynevor.

6yo

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Albany Wallis Esquire (who is fmce dead), their Executors, Admii'stra-tors, and Assigns, for a Term of Two hundred Years, to be computed from the Day of her Decease, upon certain Trusts thereinafter expressed, for raising so much Money for the Paymenc of the Debts, F neral F.x-pences, and Legacies of the Testatrix, as her Personal Estate should fall short of paying, and after the Determination of the fame Term and subject thereto, to the Use of her eldest Son George Talbot Rice (now the Right Honourable George Lord Dynevor'), and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade; with Remainder to the Use of the said John Earl Talbot, and Nathaniel Lord Harrowby, their Heirs and Assigns, during his Life, inTruft to preserveContingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Son and Sons of the Body of the said George Talbot Rice (now Lord Dynevor) successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of the said Testatrix’s younger Son Edward Rice, and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; with Remainder to the Use of the said John Earl Talbot, and Nathaniel Lord Harrowby, and their Heirs, during his Life, in Trull to prefer ve the contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Son and Sons of the Body of the said Edward Rice successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Use of her Daughters Henrietta Cecilia Rice and Maria Rice, equally to be divided between them, as Tenants in common in Tail General, with Cross Remainders between them in Tail General; with Remainder to the Right Heirs of the said Testatrix for ever; and in and by the said Will, the said Cecil Baroness Dynevor did empower the said George Talbot Rice (now Lord Dynevor), and Edward Rice, when and as they should respectively come into Pofifeflion of the said Estates of the said Testatrix, by virtue of the Limitations contained in her said Will, to demise all or any Part of her said Estates, for One, Two, or Three Life or Lives, or for any Term or Number of Years, determinable on the dropping of One, Two, or Three Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years in Possession and not in Reversion, at the bell and moll improved yearly Rents, and without taking any Fine or Premium for the making such Demise; and the said Testatrix gave and devised all the Rest, Residue, and Remainder of her F.states, Real and Personal, of what Nature or Kind soever, unto her Son, the said George Talbot Lord Dynevor (then George CicitBaronefc Talbot Rice), his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: And fnMarct'ed whereas the said Testatrix Cecil Baroness Dynevor, departed this Life in *795- the Month of March in the Year One thousand seven hundred and nine-

three, without having revoked or altered the Devises and Limitations Marthge contained in her said Will as aforesaid: And whereas the said George of^LordMi]e Talbot Lord Dynevor, on the Twentieth Day of October in the Year One Dpu-vor. thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, intermarried with Frances Townshend, Daughter of the late Lord Viscount Sydney, and has Issue Male Marriage and by her One Son, namely, George Rice, who is a Minor: And whereas the the Honour*' *alc^ Edward Rite, on the Ninth Day of July in the Year One thousand able EJWard eight hundred, intermarried with Charlotte Lascelles, and has Issue Male R‘" by her One Son, namely, Edward Rice, who is also a Minor: And

M«riafie of whereas the said Henrietta Cecilia Rice, on the Sixteenth Day of December CttfliaRiee *n l^e Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, intermarried Marriage of w‘r^ Mage ns Dorrien Magens Esquire, then Magens Dorr ten .* And Maria Rice, whereas the said Maria Rice, on the Twenty-second Day of November in

E- - - —*J the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 44*

the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety six, intermaTiied with John Markham Esquire: And whereas Part of the Real Estates, devised by the said Will of the said Cecil Baroness Dynevor, to the Uses herein-before mentioned, con fills of an undivided Moiety, or some other Share, of a certain Freehold Estate, called Lancaiach, situate in or near the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil in the County of Glamorgan: And whereas in consequence of the very great Increase of the Trade and Manufactures carried on near the Village of Merthyr Tydvil, it is apprehended that many more Houses would be built near or added to the said Village than there now are, if Land, conveniently situated and proper for building upon, could be obtained, and Two Closes or Fields called Cae Butcher and Tnisfawr, and Part of the IVernFarm, being Part of the said Estate called Lancaiach, and being contiguous to the said Village of Merthyr Tydvil, are well adapted for that Purpose: And whereas it would tend much to the Improvement and Advantage of the said Estate called Lancaiach, and it would be very beneficial to the said George Talbot Lord Dyne-or (who is now Tenant for Life in Pofltflion thereof), and to the Person or Persons for the Time being claiming or to claim under the Will of the said Cecil Baroness Dynevor, if Power were given to the said George Talbot I.ord Dynevor, and after his Decease to the said Edward Rice, in case, under the Limitations of the fame Will, he shall be entitled in Possession to the fame Estate, and also to the Guardians during the Minority of any Person or Persons who shall become entitled thereto in Possession under the fame Will, to gTant a Lease or Leases of the said undivided Moiety, or other Share of the said Closes or Fields, called Cae Butcher, and Tnisfawr, and Part of the Wern Farm, or of any Part thereof, or to concur with the Person or Persons for the Time being seised of or entitled to the other undivided Moiety, or other Share of the fame Closes or Fields, and Part of the IVern Farm, in granting a Lease or Leases of the Entirety thereof, or of any Part thereof, for a Term or Terms of Years, sufficient to encourage Persons to build upon and improve the fame: But by reason of the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Cecil Baroness Dynevor, and the confined Power of leafing therein contained, the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said George Talbot Lord Dynevor, on Behalf of himself and the said George Rice the Minor; Edward Rice, on Behalf of himself and the said Edward Rice the Minor; Magens Dorrien Magens and Henrietta Cecilia his Wife; John Markham and Maria his Wife, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the passing of this present Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said George Talbot Lord Dynevor, at any Time or Times during his Life, and after his Decease to and for the said Edward Rice the Father, in case, and al and when he shall, under the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Cecil Baroness Dynevor, be in the actual Possession of the said Moiety, or other Share so devised by the fame Will, of and in the said Estate called Lancaiach, or entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof; and also to and for the Guardian or Guardians for the.Time being of any Issue Male of the said George Talbot Lord Dynevor, and

Edward

671

Part of devised E Gates consists of an undivided Moiety or other Share of Estates called Lan~ c a tack.

Part of which is conveniently situate for building*

That it would be beneficial to Tenam for Life, and those interested in Remainder, if Power were given to grant Leases.

Power to

grant Leases for any Term not exceeding 99 Yeats.

672

44’ GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Edward Rice the Father respectively, or of any Issue Male or Female of the ia'd Henrietta Cecilia Maoris and Maria Markham, as shall be so in the actual Possession or entitled as aforesaid, during the Minority of such Issue respectively (hut by and with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, to be signified by an Order upon a Petition in a summary Way, so far as respects any Lease or Leases to be granted by such Guardian or Guardians) by Indenture or Indentures, to be sealed and delivered by him or them respectively, in the Presence of and to be attested by Two or more credible Witntfles, 10 drmife or leaf- the undivided Moiety, or other Part or Share so deviled by the said Will of the said Cecil Baroness Dynevor as aforesaid, of and in so much and such Parts of the said Ellate called Lancaiach, as are called by the Name? of Cae Butcher and Tnifawr, and Part of the (Hern Farm, and are particularly described in the Schedule annexed to this Act, or any Part or Paris thereof, or to join and concur with the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the other undi. vided Moiety, or other Part of the fame Lands, in demifing or leafing the Entirety thereof, or of any Part thereof, fur any Term or Number of Years not exceeding ninety-nine Years, unto any Person < r Persons who shall be willing to take, build upon, and improve the fame, by building and erecting, or causing to be built and treded thereon, any Houses, Outhouses, Edifices, Buildings, or Structures, together with Ground sufficient for any Street, Roadway, Ga den. Yard, Court, Area, or Passage, for the Use and Convenience of the Lelfce , and others the Tenants and Occupiers of the fame Premises, which Lease or Leases as aforesaid shall be renewable at any Time, and shall commence and take Effect in Possession and not in Reversion; so as in the said Lease or Leases originally to be granted, or by Way of Renewal, there be reserved and made payable, in respect of the Estate or Interest thereby to be demised under the Authority of this Act, (to be incident to the immediate Reversion of the Premises so to be demised,) the belt and most improved Ground Rent or Ground Rents that can be had or obtained for the fame, to be paid Quarterly, without taking any Sum of Money or other Thing by Way of Fine, Income, or Foregift, for granting such Lease or Leases; and so as the Lessee or Lessees, to whom any such Lease or Leases shall be granted, do execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of their respective Leases, and do thereby covenant for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby to be reserved, and do enter into Covenants to build and keep and leave in Repair the Messuages and Buildings intended or agreed to be built, and to deliver up Possession of the Premises so to be leased, and of the Messuages and other Buildings to be erected as aforesaid, at the Expiration of the Term by such Lease or Leases to be granted; and so as in such Lease or Leases there be contained a Power of Re entry for Saving CUufe Non-payment of the Rent or Rents thereby to be reserved: Saving

always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and SuccessoTs, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said George 'Talbot Lord Dynevor and Edward Rice the Father, and the Firff and other Sons of the said George Talbot Lord Dynevor and Edward Rice respectively, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively, and the said Magens Dorrien Magens and Henrietta Cecilia his Wife, and the Heirs of her Body, and the said John Markham and Maria his Wife, and the Heirs

of

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 44-

of her Body, and the right Heirs of the said Cecil Baroness Dynevor, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Use, Trust, Estate, Interest, or Charge, either in Law or Equity, of, in, to, upon, or out of, the Lands and Hereditaments affected by ctr made subject to the Powers given and granted by this Act, by virtue of or under the said Will and Codicil of the said Cecil Baroness Dyr,evot\) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of, in, to, or out of, the said Lands and Hereditaments so to be leased as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them respectively, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

673

[Publick Act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices, who shall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

lr || k > ' ‘ fx, rf..: ’ V" H

v 1

rl

©» in

f1

so at

hue , 5W

*.} rtvo

[Lee. £*? Per. J

8 H

trq

cl 5fit

- ft i t»df6

(u 1! to

-.d jj dt.tfVp V rU

., T ittrWT - sHj

l."K q d bt ’ S liiiud

Hod pi oi ha: '

, =i J. jilt! - »/!.. il

<h h> ,i.q-.i i,'{- :&

d ’!' I ts M

>; h Mm*’- VL i

-jiiiji jt: " fp.egit

h .‘I yi iy > Ut * 1 J..j<

fill ii irtt' b.o. v ad KiiA

iqtaxi i: rifa hue vsdit.; Jr *1 i ivA

1 A l^o i

wi Y1 ir. ft is. *i«4

tins v sc «’ »* CL

«3t\" tn$i art uiu

The

674-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

The SCHEDULE to which the above Act refers.

'T'WO Fields or Closes of Land, called Cae Butcher and Tnisfawr, near Merthyr Tydvil, situate on the West Side of the Glamorganshire Canal, and of the Turnpike Road leading from Abergavenny to Neath, not exceeding

A. R. P.

13 ° o

Part of Wcrn Farm, situate to the South of the above Land, and not useful for the Purposes of Agriculture, not exceeding - . - - - 1000

23 o 0 -

Richd Fothergill, Surveyor.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

lid l»« :«r 'baoii'l

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for the better regulating and improving the FUheries in the Arm of the Sea, between the County of Cumberland, and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and Waters which run into, or communicate with, the said Arm of the Sea.

[5th June 1804.]

WHEREAS the Fisheries in the Arm of the Sea which is situate between the County of Cumberland, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the County of Dumfries, the Stewartry of Kircudbright, and the County of Wigton, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and all'o the Fisheries in the several Rivers, Rivulets, Brooks, Streams, Ponds, Pools, and other Waters, which run into, or otherwise communicate with, the said Arm of the Sea, were formerly of great Value to the Owners, Farmers, and Occupiers thereof, and of much publick Utility; but from the great Destruction that hath of late Years D£en made therein by evil disposed Persons destroying the Breeding Kepper, and Shcdder Salmon, Gilfies, Trouts, and Whitings otherwise Herlings, and the Brood, Spawn, and Fry thereof, and all other Kinds of Fish which are bred in the f.tid Arm of the Sea, and in the Rivers, Rivulets, Brooks, Streams, Ponds, Pools, and other Waters which run into or communicate therewith (exclusivcof ocher causes, if i'uch exist) the said Fisheries have fallen into great Decay, and become nearly useless and unprofitable, to the great Loss of the Publick, as well as the Individuals interested therein: For Remedy whereof, and for the Improvement of the fai# Fisheries, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted} and be it enacted by

[Lee. (Sf Per.']

8 I

the

678

Salmon, etc. not to be taken, within certain Limits between *5 September and 31 December, &c.

Not to uf* Spears, etc. between *5 September and 10 March,

Owners of

Fisheries to take away Filing Boats,

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall, by any Ways or Means whatsoever, fish for, take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to take, kill, or destroy, any Salmon, Gilfe, Sea Trout, or Whiting otherwise Herling, in the said Arm of the Sea, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water which runs into, or otherwise communicates with, the said Arm of the Sea, within the respective Times herein-after mentioned; (that is to say) in the River Eden, in the Counties of Westmoreland and Cumberland; in the Rivers Bladenocb, Luce, and Poltanton, in the County of Wigton; in the River Cree, whkh is situate between the said County of Wigton and the Stewartry of Kircudbright; or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water which runs into, or otherwise communicates with, the said Rivers, orany of them, at any Time or Times between the Twenty-fifth Day of September in any Year and the Thirty-first Day of December then next following; in the Rivers Dee and Fleet, in the Stewartry of Kircudbright, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water which runs into, or otherwise communicates with, the said last-mentioned Rivers, or either of them, at any Time or Times between the Twenty-fifth Day of September in any Year and the First Day of February, then next following; in the said Arm of the Sea, or in the Rivers EJh, Lyne, and Liddel, on the North Side of the said County of Cumberland or in the River Derwent in the same County; in the Rivers Annan and Nilh, in the County of Dumfries; in the River Orr otherwise Urr, in the Stewartry of Kircudbright, or in any other River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water which runs into, or communicates with, any of the said last-mentioned Rivers or the said Arm of the Sea, and not herein-before particularly mentioned, at any Time or Times between the Twenty-fifth Day of September in any Year and the Tenth Day of March then next following; nor shall any Person or Persons whomsoever kill or wound any Salmon, Gilfe, Sea Trout, or Whiting otherwise Herling, with any Spear, Lyster, Harpoon, Crook, or other Instrument in the said Arm of the Sea, or in any of the Rivers or Waters aforesaid, at any Time or Times between the Twenty-fifth Day of September in any Year and the Tenth Day of March then next following, upon Pain that all and every Person and Persons offending herein shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence the Sum of Five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Second Offence the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and for the Third and and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall also forfeit and lose all the Fish so taken, and all and every Basket, Package, Boat, Trow, Net, Tackle, and other Engine or Device whatsoever made use of in fishing for any such Fish as aforesaid and all and every such Baskets and Packages, Boats, Trows, Nets, Tackle, Engines, and Devices, so forfeited as aforesaid, shall be cut in Pieces, burnt, or otherwise defttoyed, and the Fish so forfeited be disposed of or distributed by the Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, according to the Direction of the Justice or other Person by and before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted of any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Owner and Owners, Farmer and Farmers, Occupier and Occupiers, of any Fishery, Fish

Lock,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 679

Lock, Coop, Bay, Engine, or Device whatsoever, which is now or t,e :,fter» shall at any Time or Times hereafter be built, set, placed, or fixed, in ^"ver/year. the said Arm of the Sea, or in or upon any Bank, Sand, or Shore thereof, or near thereto, or in or near any River, Rivujet, Brook, Stream,

Pond, Pool, or other Water which runs into, or otherwise communicates with, the said Arm of the Sea, shall yearly and every Year, upon the said Twenty-fifth Day of September or within Two Days afterwards, unless prevented by a Flood of Water, or other unavoidable Accident or Circumstance, take, remove, and wholly carry away, or cause to be taken, removed, and carried away, to his, her, and their own Homes, Dwelling Houses, or other Premises, all, each, and every Fishing Boat, Trow,

Net, Grate, Heck, Gate, Hook, Lyster, Crook, Trap, or Device, which shall have been used or intended to be used, fixed, put, placed, or fattened, in or about any such Fishery, Fish Lock, Coop, or Bay, in lawful Times of the Year, for the Purpose of (lopping, taking, or killing of Salmon, Gilfc, Sea Trout, or Whiting otherwise Herling, or any other Fish hereby prohibited to be taken or killed, and the fame so taken away and removed as aforesaid to their own Homes, Dwelling Houses, or other Premises as aforesaid, shall there keep and cause to be kept during the Whole of the respective Times within which it is hereby made unlawful for any Person to fish as aforesaid in the said Arm of the Sea, and the said Rivers, Rivulets, Brooks, Streams, Ponds, Pools, and other Waters respectively, during the Whole of which Seasons and Times every such Fishery, Fish Lock, Coop, or Bay, shall continue open and clear of and from all Obstructions whatsoever, and have a full and sufficient Cut,

Passage, or Place made therein, by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, which shall be and contain Four Feet at least in Breadth, when placed in the main Stream, and not less than Six Feet, when "situated in other Places, and be of sufficient Depth to permit Salmon Gilfes and all other Fish to pass and repass; and that every Person or Persons offending herein shall, for every Day or other less Space of Time (in case the whole Space of Time shall be less than One Day) which he,

(he, or they, shall suffer any Fishing Boat, Trow, Net, Grate, Heck,

Gate, Hook, Lyster, Crook, Trap, or Device, to be unremoved, in the Manner herein directed, or otherwise to remain or be in or upon the said Arm of the Sea, or any of the said Rivers, Rivulets, Brooks, Streams,

Ponds, Pools, or other Waters, or the Banks or Shores thereof, or any such Fish Lock, Coop, or Bay, to remain or be not opened and cleared, and having such Cut, Passage, or Place, as is herein-before directed, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Allowing

may be lawful for any Owner, Farmer, or Occupier, of any Fishery in Bo?r» tore*-L1-.JA r , ’a, _ r, T r mam for the

the said Arm of the Sea, or in any of the Rivers or Waters afore- purpose of

said, in Cases of Emergency and Necessity, to put One or more Fish- eroding and

ing Boat or Boats, Trow or Trows, upon the said Arm of the Sea, the CArmof

or Rivers or Waters, or any of them, for the Purpose of eroding the Sea, etc.

and recroffing the said Arm of the Sea, or Rivers or Waters, or any

of them, or for pleafuring thereon, so as such Fishing Boat or Boats,

Trow or Trows, be withdrawn as aforesaid, when and so soon as the

Emergency, Necdfity, or other Cause for which such Fishing Boat or Boats, Trow or Trows, shall have been put upon the said Arm of the

Sea, or any of the Rivers or Waters aforesaid, shall cease and determine;

and

68o

Not to extend to Pillage or Pleasure Boats.

Penalty on taking Fish out ot Ssafun.

Owners, etc. of Fisheries not to he fub-jeit to Penalties for taking Fith in certain Cases

To prevent Owners and Occupiers of Mills Irom oestroying the Biood ot Fith.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

and also that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed, con* (trued, or taken to extend, to any Passage Boat or Pleasure Boat kept upon the said Arm of the Sea, or any of the Rivers or Waters aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of One Month after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall, b.y any Ways, Means, or Device whatsoever, take, kill, or destroy, any Kepper, Shedder, or Breeding Salmon, or any Gilfe, Sea Trout, or Whiting otherwise Herling, out of Season, in the said Arm of the Sea, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water which runs into, or otherwise communicates therewith as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, for the Second Offence the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and moreover shall be liable unto and forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Kepper, Shedder, or Breeding Salmon, Gilfe, Sea Trout, or Whiting otherwise Herling, which any such Person or Persons shall take, kill, or destroy, or knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody, Possession, or Keeping.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Owner, Occupier, or Farmer of any Ffthery, or his, her, or their Agents, Servants, or Fishermen, shall, during the respective Times herein prescribed as the lawful and seasonable Times of the Year for fishing, take or catch any Kepper, Shedder, or Breeding Salmon, or any Gilfe, Sea Trout, or Whiting otherwise Herling, then out of Season, he, (he, and they shall not be liable to any of the Penalties herein mentioned, provided he, (he, and they do and shall, immediately after taking or catching any such Kepper, Shedder, or Breeding Salmon, Gilfe, Sea Trour, or Whiting otherwise Herling, out of Season as aforesaid, return and put the famear Liberty, alive and unhurt, into the Water from whence the same shall have been taken or caught by him, her, or them, respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas great Injuries arise to the said Fisheries by the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and of Corn Mills, Fulling Mills, and other Mills and Water Works, and other Pctfons, destroying the Brood, Spawn, and Fry of Salmon and other Fish, by various Devices, in the said Arm of the Sea, Rivers, Mill Leads, Mill Dams, and Fisheries; for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That, from and after the paging of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall fish with, or use, place, lay, set, continue, or draw, any Net, Grate, Heck, Gate, Creel, Hamper, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, in the said Arm of the Sea, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Dam, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cur, which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said Arm of the Sea, or use any Method, Means, or Device whatsoever, in order to take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to take, kill, or destroy, any Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Sea Trout, or Whiting otherwise Herling, at any Time or Times in the Year, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, for the Second Offence the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

VII. And whereas Dams, Weirs, and other Contrivances have been and are erected in or across Rivers and Streams for the Purpose of conveying or forcing the Water over the Banks and Sides of the fame Rivers or Streams, and into Cuts, Channels, or Sluices, for the Purpose of watering and improving Meadows and other Lands, by which Means great Quantities of the Fry of Salmon and other Fish are conveyed or forced over such Banks and Sides of the Paid Rivers and Streams, or into the said Cuts, Channels, and Sluices, and are not able to return into the Lid Rivers and Streams, but are totally destroyed; for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every Person and Persons who hath or have made or erected, or shall hereafter make or ered, any such Dam or Weir for the Purposes aforesaid, shall place and fix such Bars, Lattice, Wicker Woik, or other Device or Means in Front of every such Cur, Channel, and Sluice, and on the Banks and Sides of the said Rivers and Streams as shall effectually prevent the Passage of such Fry into such Cuts, Channels, or Sluices, and over such Banks and Sides of the said Rivers and Streams as aforesaid and in case any such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall neglect so to do, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, for the Second Offence the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Net, Grate, Heck, Gate, Creel, Hamper, or other Engine or Device whatsoever as aforesaid, shall be found or placed in or near the said Arm of the Sea, or in or near any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, or Cur, which runs into, or otherwise communicates with, the Lid Arm of the Sea, at any Time or Times in the Year, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to seize the fame, and with all convenient Speed carry the fame before any Justice or Justices of the Peace or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates of Royal Burghs, for the County, Shire, Division, Burgh, or Place, where or near to which such Net, Grate, Heck, Gate, Creel, Hamper, or other Engine or Device whatsoever, shall be found as aforesaid; and if upon due Proof thereof, the same shall be adjudged and determined by any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates as aforesaid, to have been found or placed contrary to the Meaning of this present Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the fame Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates aforesaid, to cause the same to be cut in Pieces, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, by the Constable or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place, where such Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or other Magistrate aforesaid, shall be or reside.

IX. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons, not being the Owner, Occupier, or Farmer of a Fishery, or the Agent, Servanr, or Fisherman of some Owner, Occupier, or Farmer of a Fishery, or other Person by them, some or One of them, thereunto lawfully authorized, shall, at any Time or Times in the Year, by any Ways, Means, or Device whatsoever, take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to take, kill, or destroy, any Salmon, Gilfe, Sea Trour, Salmon Trout, or

\Ltc. & Per.'] 8 K Whiting

68l

To prevent the Fry of Fish being deployed by Flooding Lands.

E<np wer*nr Justices to order unlaw, fui Nets, etc* to he deployed.

To prevent Persons, not being Owners or Occupiers of FiOieries, from taking Fish, without being du y authorized.

682

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Whiting 6therwife Herling, or any other Fish whatsoever, or any of the Brood, Spawn, or Fry thereof, in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, or Cut, which runs into, or otherwise communicates with, the said Arm of the Sea, every such Person or Persons shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, for the Second Offence the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall also forfeit and lose the Fish by him or them taken, together with the Baskets, Creels, Packages, Rods, and Lines, Nets, and all and every Engine or Device whatsoever, which shall have been used by any such Offender or Offenders in the taking, killing, or destroying, or attempting to take, kill, or destroy, any such Fish, to be distributed and disposed of, cut in Pieces, or otherwise destroyed, in the Manner herein-before di-reded with respect to Forfeitures for Fishing, within the Times hereby prohibited.

for allowing X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may Occupiers of be lawful to and for the Owner or Owners, Farmer or Farmers, Occu* Fishenes, and pier or Occupiers, of any Fishery in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, the?Ieaie ^onc^> Pool, or other Water which runs into, or otherwise communicates to fish with with, the said Arm of the Sea, and for all and every Person or Persons Rods or Lines having the Leave, Licence, or Authority of any such Owner or Owners, A'june, and Farmer or Farmers, Occupier, or Occupiers, in Writing, lb to do, to xsthSeptcmber. angle and fish with Rods and Lines, in their respective Fisheries, at any Time or Times between the First Day of June and the Twenty fifth Day of September in every Year, for any Kind or Sort of Ft(h, in his or their own Fishery or Fisheries, except such as is or are prohibited by this Act to be taken or killed; and no such Owner, Farmer, or Occupier, or his, her, their, or any of their Agents, Servants, Fishermen, or other Person or Persons, thereunto by them or any of them lawfully authorized, by Leave, Licence, or Authority as aforesaid, shall be liable, on account of any such Angling, to any Penalty or Penalties inflicted by this Act j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of One Month after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody, Possession, or Keeping, or fell, offer, or expose to Sale, any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Sea Trout, or Whiting otherwise Herling, within the Counties of Cumberland or Westmoreland, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or the County of Dumfries, the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, or the County of Wigton, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, during the respective Times when by this Act the same are prohibited to be taken in any Year (except such Fish as shall not have been taken or killed in or near the said Arm of the Sea, or in or near any of the Rivers or Waters aforesaid, and also except such Fish as shall have been taken and killed in the said Counties and Stewartry within the respective Times hereby allowed and made lawful to take and kill Fish therein, the Proof whereof shall lie upon such Person or Persons) or any Kepper, or Shedder, Salmon, or Salmon out of Season, or any Gilfe, Sea Trout, or Whiting otherwise Herling, out of Sealon, or any Fish prohibited to be taken or killed by this Act, or any of the Brood, Spawn, or Fry thereof, at any Time or Times in the Year, every Person or Persons in whose Custody, Possession,

or

Penalty on Persons felling Fish out

of S-afon, or having them in their Puffession.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 683

or Keeping, the same shall be found, or who shall fell, offer, or expose the same to Sale, shall forfeit and pay, and be liable to the fame Penalty or Penalties which he, she, or they, would have forfeited and been liable to pay, in case he, she, or they, had taken, killed, or dellroyed, or attempted to take, kill, or destroy such Fish in the said Arm of the Sea, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water which runs into, or otherwise communicates with, the said Arm of the Sea.

XII. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of £en"'I,y on this Adf, if any Person or Persons shall beat the Water, or hush or lay fng Fish with any hot Lime or Filth, or deep any green Lint or Fl«x, or let off any lwt Lime, <te. stagnated Water, or Water mixed or impregnated with any hot Lime or other pernicious Thing, in or into the said Arm of the Sea, or any such River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water as aforesaid, or shall therein or thereupon, or near thereto, set, lay, or place any Fire or Light, or any white or other Object, Device, or Thing (except lawful Fishing Nets and Engines) which may be or tend to the Injury or Destrudfion of the Fish, or of the Brood, Spawn, or Fry thereof, or which may prevent, or tend to prevent, Fish from entering into the said Rivers and Waters, or any of them, or from going up or down the fame, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, for the Second Offence the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Not to nffeft contained shall in any Manner affect the Construction of any Mill Dam,

Caul, Dam Dyke, or Fish Gap, heretofore legally established, for the Dams; Purpose of any Mill, Iron Forge, or any other Purpose whatsoever, nor to make void any Agreement heretofore made with any Owner of such Mill, Iron Forge, or Erection for any other Purpose.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein nor the precontained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to legalize, nor to de- pllJ]t1;^!odesof molish, take away, or destroy, any Net, Fish Lock, Coop, Bay, or other w'bichS«re to Work which shall have been or may hereafter be lawfully erected, put, remain as be-placed, fixed, or used, in the said Arm of the Sea, or in or upon any °'c'

Bank, Sand, or Shore thereof, or near thereto, or in or near any River,

Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water, Mill Lead, Mill Dam,

Sluice, or Cut, which runs into or otherwise communicates therewith, or to the present Modes or Methods used for taking and killing Fish therein, other than and as hereby particularly enacted; and provided, such Cur, Passage, or Place, as is herein-before directed, shall, during the Times herein-before in that Behalf mentioned, be made, kept, and left open in every such Net, Fish Lock, Coop, Bay, or other Work aforesaid; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to preclude or prejudice any Person or Persons whomsoever from contesting, litigating, or challenging any Right or Times of fishing, or the taking, catching, or destroying of Fish in the said Arm of the Sea and Rivers aforesaid, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of Session,

Justiciary, or Sheriffs Courts or other Courts in Scotland.

684

For regulating the Size of Nets.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of One Month after the passing of this Act no Person or Persons whomsoever shall, at any Time or Times in the Year, use in the said Arm of the Sea any Net, Engine, or Device whatsoever, whereof the Melh shall be of a less Size than One Inch and Three-fourth Parts of an Inch at the leaf! from Knot to Knot, or Seven Inches round (except Nets which shall be solely used for the taking of Herrings and Shrimps), or any Engine or Device whatsoever made of Stone, Wood, Wicker Ware, or Wattling, rising above the natural Surface of the Sand or Gravel in that Part of the said Arm of the Sea which lies Eastward from a Place called The Hotels. Skin-herness, in the Parish of Abby Holme in the said County of Cumberland, and from thence in a direct Line across the said Arm of the Sea extending Northward to the large House at Carfetborn of Arbigland in the Stewartry of Kircudbright, which shall not be open and clear, and have a full Cut or Opening therein for the Breadth or Space of Three Feet in every Fifteen Yards, or Six Feet in every Thirty Yards in the Length thereof; and that all such Wicker Ware and Wattling shall be made, put, and placed so as not to rife or be above the natural Surface of the Sand or Gravel more than Six Inches in Height: Provided nevertheless, that such Cut or Opening may, during the lawful and seasonable Times in the Year hereby allowed for (idling, be covered with a Net of the Size and Description of Seven Inches round, as herein immediately before specified, nor shall any Person or Persons whomsoever at any Time or Times in the Year, ule in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said Arm of t' e Sea, any Net, Engine, or Device whatsoever, whereof the Me(h shall be of a less Size than One Inch at the lead from Knot to Knot, or Five Inches round (except small Hand Nets used solely in Angling), or any Grate, Heck, Gate, or other Engine or Device whatsoever, used for the Purposes of a Grate, Heck, or Gate in any Fishery, Fish Lock, Coop, Bay, or other Work in any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water, within any of the Counties or Stewartry aforesaid, whereof the Bars or Staps shall be otherwise than perpendicular, and of an oval Shape, with the Edges rounded off, and whereof the Width or Space between each Bar or Stap shall be of a less S.ze Square or Width than Three Inches, (except such Nets as secondly htrein-before mentioned and regulated, and also except in the River EJk aforesaid, where it shall be lawful to use any Grate, Heck, or Gate, whereof the Width or Space between each Bar or Stap shall not be of less Size Square or Width than One Inch at the lead); and moreover, that no Person or Persons whomsoever shall use in the said Arm of the Sea, or in any of the Rivers or Waters aforesaid, any Net, Engine, or Device whatsoever which shall be double or armoured, and if any befo used of such less Size, or be doubled or armoured, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to fdze and carry the fame, with all convenient Speed, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates of Royal Burghs, for the County, Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place, where or near to which any such Net or Device as last aforesaid shall be found and if upon due Proof the same shall be adjudged and determined by the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates aforesaid, to be of illegal Size, or be double or armoured, contrary to the Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or

Stewart

685

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates aforesaid, to cause the same to be cut in Pieces, or otherwise destroyed, by the Constable, Head-borough, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place where any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted; and moreover, every Person or Persons found so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall, for every such Net or Device so used as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons whomsoever, having his, her, or their Face or Faces blackened or painted, or being masked or otherwise disguised, shall enter into, or, be in or upon the said Arm of the Sea, or any such River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water as aforesaid, or the Bank, Sand, or Shore thereof, with Intent therein to take, kill, or destroy, or attempt to take, kill, or destroy, any Salmon or other Fith whatsoever, or having any Engine or Device whatsoever in his, her, or their Custody, Possession, or Keeping, which shall appear to have been used, or be intended to be used, for the Purpose of taking, killing, or destroying of any Salmon or other Fish in the said Arm of the Sea, or in any such River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water, as aforesaid, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and moreover shall be committed by the Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Shetiff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates of Royal Burghs, by or before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place, for which such Justice, Sheriff, or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrate, shall act, there to remain, be imprisoned, and kept at hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days; and in case any Person or Persons, who shall be convicted of any of the said last mentioned Offences, shall not pay the Penalty in which he, she, or they, shall be convicted as aft resaid, before the Expiration of such his Imprisonment, then such Person or Persons shall be further continued in Prison and kept at hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize, in such Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Six Months, nor less than One Calendar Month, at the Discretion of the Justice, or other Person or Persons, by and before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to be expressed in the Warrant of Commitment.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pecuniary and other Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted, may be sued for, recovered, and adjudged, and all and every Offence and Offences against this' Ad heard and determined, by and before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within that Part of Great Britain called England, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates of Royal Burghs, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the County, Shire, Stewartry, Division, Burgh, or Place, wherein any Offender or Offenders against this Act shall be or reside, or wherein or near to which the Offence or Offences shall be committed, by and upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Par-

[Loc. £s? Per.~\ 8 L ties

Penalty on Persons blackening and disguising tkemselves, arid entering Rivers and Fiflteries.

For Recovery of Penalties.

686

Justicet m»y mitigate Penalties.

PeiTons not paying the Penalties to be committed to Prison, or Justices may grant War. rants against the Otfen lrrs Goods, at the Election of the Informer.

For Application of Penalties.

44° GEORG 11 lit Cap. 45.

ties in England, and in like Manner, or by the Oath or Oaths of this Party or Parties themselves in Scotland, which Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, every such Justice of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, and their Substitutes, and other Magistrates aforesaid, are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to administer accordingly; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices, or other Person or Persons, by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to mitigate and reduce, if he or they shall see fit, all and every the pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed, in Manner following; that is to say, any Penalty of Ten Pounds to any Sum not less than Five Pounds, any Penalty of Fifteen Pounds to any Sum not less than Ten Pounds, and any Penalty of Twenty Pounds to any Sum not less than Fifteen Pounds, and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices, or other Person or Persons, by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to order and adjudge such Offender or Offnders to pay to the Informer or Prosecutor, such reasonable Sum for the Costs of Suit and Profecudon, as to such Justice or Justices, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, shall seem fit; and in case any such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against this Act, and shall not immediately, upon such Conviction, pay down the Penalty or Penalties, together with such Costs of Suit or Profecudon, in which he, she, or they, shall have been so convicted or ordered to pay as aforesaid, into the Hands of the Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substituces, or other Magistrates as aforesaid, by and before whom he, she, or they, shall have been so convicted, or other Person by them or any of them authorized to receive the same, in order that the fame may be disposed of and distributed according to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substituces, or other Magistrates aforesaid, to order and command their respective Officers to take the Charge of and keep in Custody any such Person or Persons so convicted, and immediately thereupon every such Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates aforesaid, are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and thereby commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for the County, Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place, for which such Justice or Justices, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates aforesaid shall act, for such Time or Times as is and arc herein-after mentioned, unless the said Penalty or Penalties and Costs shall respectively be sooner paid, or otherwise such Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates aforesaid, shall and may grant his or their Warranc or Warrants in due Form of Law, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to levy and recover the said Penalty and Penalties and Costs by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so paid or levied as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be paid, applied, and disposed of, as follows; that is to say, One Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety, after defraying all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the Prosecution and the levying and recovering of the Penalty,

687

44-* GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place, where the Offence or Offences shall have been committed, or in case the same shall have been comm,tied out of the Body of any County, or the Parish wherein the same shall have been committed shall be unknown, then to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place Where the Offender shall be convicted, and in Scotland to the Kirk Session of the said respective Parishes, for the sole Use and Benefit of the Poor of such Parish or Place -, and the Overplus of the Money levied remaining (if any there be) after any Penalty or Penalties, and all Colls, Charges, and Expences, attending the levying and recovering thereof are deduded, (which Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall always be taxed, settled, and ascertained, by and before the Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates as aforesaid, by or before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted), shall, on Demand, be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and in case sufficient Distress or Distrefies shall not be found, or such Penalty or Penalties, and Costs, shall not be immediately paid, that then it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates aforesaid, and he and they is and are htreby respectively authorized, empowered, and required, for the First Offence, to commit every such Offender or Offenders to such Gaol or House of Correction as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding Three Months nor lei's than One Calendar Month, for the Second Offence for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Two Calendar Months, and for the Third and every other Offence for any Time not exceeding Nine Months nor less than Three Calendar Months, there to be kept ac hard Labour, and be and remain without Bail or Mainprize.

XVIII. And, for the better preventing and punishing Offences against this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to seize and apprehend any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be found offending against any Thing enabled or contained in this Act, together with the Fiffi, Ba(kets, Packages, Nets, Lyfters, Crooks, and all and every other Engine and Device whatsoever and them to take, carry, and convey, with all convenient Speed, to the Sheriff or Stewart Officer, Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Peace Offi er, in the Parish or Piace where or near to which the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, who is and are htreby authorized and required, with all convenient Speed, to convey and carry every such Offender or Offenders, together with the Fish, Baskets, Packages, Nets, Rods, and all and every other Engine and Device, before some Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewarc Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates of Royal Burghs, for the County, Shire, Stewartry, Burgh, Division, or Place, where or near to which any such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, or the Person or Persons who shall seize and apprehend any such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, shall and may, and is and are hereby authorized and empowered, if he or they shall think proper so to do, immediately to carry and convey any lurh Offender or Offenders, Together with the Fish, Baskets, Packages, Nets, Lyfters, Crooks, and all and every other Engine and Device whatsoever, before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff or

Stewart

Overplus of Money levied to be returned to the Offend* cr.

In case sufficient Diffrefi cannot be made. Offenders to be committed.

For authorizing Person# to seize Offenders, and carry them before a Ma* gistrate.

688

Justice* on receiving In. formations, may grant Warrants for apprehending Offenders.

Justice* may aft, notwithstanding the y may be interfiled in Fisheries, except in Cases where they or their Tenants are Parties in the Suit.

Owners, tte,

of Fisheries, may be Witnesses to prove Offences.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates of Royal Burghs, as last aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates of Royal Burghs, in and for the said Counties and Stewartry, or any of them, and they are hereby required, upon Information being made to him or them upon Oath, against any Person or Persons who shall or may offend against any thing contained in this Act, to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to apprehend any Person or Persons so offending, and cause such Offender or Offenders to be brought before him or them, or some other such Justice or other Magistrate, or it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices, or other Magistrates as aforesaid, upon any Information made without Oath, to grant his or their Summons or Summonses against the Party charged with any such Offence or Offences, or for any Witness or Witnesses to prove any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid; and if any such Person or Persons who shall be duly summoned, shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons or Summonses, every such Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates of Royal Burghs, shall and may, upon Oath being made of the Person or Persons being so duly summoned, grant his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to apprehend and bring before him and them, or some other such Justice or Magistrate as aforesaid, the Party or Parties who shall neglect or refuse to appear after being duly summoned as aforesaid; and such Justice or Justices, or other Magistrates aforesaid, shall enquire into, hear, and determine, the Matter of every such Offence or Offences in a summary Way.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or, Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or Magistrates of Royal Burghs, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall and may aft in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or other Magistrates aforesaid, shall be or are interested in any Fiftiery in the said Arm of the Sea, or in any such River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water as aforesaid, except in any Case or Cases where such Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates aforesaid, or his or their Tenant or Tenants, Farmer or Farmers, of any Fishery or Fisheries, is or are Party or Parties in the Suit or Prosecution to be heard and determined by any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates aforesaid; and also that all and every Owner, Farmer, or Occupier of, or any Person otherwise interested in any Fishery or Right of Fishing in the said Arm of the Sea, or any such River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Water as aforesaid, shall and are hereby declared not to be an incompetent Witness or Witnesses to prove any Offence or Offences done or committed against this Act, by reason of his or her being such Owner, Farmer, or Occupier.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

XX!. And be it further enacted, That all and every the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed within England may be sued for and recovered, together with full Colls of Suit, by and to the only proper Use and Behoof of any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be aMowed , and wherein also, in case the Offence shall have been committed out of the Body of any County, the Venue shall and may be laid, and the Cause tried, in the County of Cumberland.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Conviction or Convictions of all and every Offender or Offenders against this Act, within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace by and before whom the same shall be made, to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and shall there be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and also that all and every Conviction or Convictions of all and every Offender or Offenders against this Act, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be summarily proceeded in at the Suit, Information, or Instance, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, according to the judicial Forms in Scotland, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates aforesaid; and that all and every Conviction or Convictions in England shall be written in the Form of Words or to the following Effect:

T)E it remembered, That on the Day of

D in the Year A.B. was, upon the Complaint of C. D.

convicted before me [or, us] E. F. One [or, Two] of His Majesty’s

‘ Justices of the Peace [as the Case may be~] for in pur-

4 (nance of an Act, made and passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [insert the Title of the Aft~\ this being the First Offence [Second or Third Offence, &c. 4 as the Case may be~\; and I [or, we] do hereby adjudge him [her, or them] to pay and forfeit for the said Offence the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, One Moiety thereof to the Church-

wardens or Overseers of the Parish of and the other

Moiety thereof, together with the further Sum of for

4 Costs of Suit and Prosecution, to the said C.D. Given under my

Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals, as the Case may be] at

in the County of the Day and Year above written.*

Which said Conviction and Adjudication shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, fee aside, cr judged void or insufficient, for wane of Form only, and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari or otherwise, into His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, or any other of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in England, or be liable to be cnallenged by Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction, in Scotland, but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Offender shall be punched for any Offence, by virtue of this Act, such Offender shall not again be prosecuted, nor incur any Penalty by virtue of any other Law

[Lac. ft? Per.] 8 M or

689

Penalties may be fueil for in the Courts at tC'tilmi'ifi tr,

Sic.

Form of Conviction.

Persons convicted under this Act, not to be prosecuted under

690

any other Act for the fame Ohence.

Allowing an Appeal to the Quarter Seffwns, or I.0 (Is Commissioners of Justichry.

For Recovery of Penalties and Colts where Offenders remove into other Ju-rildictioni.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

or Statute now in force, or be liable to any other Punishment for the fame Offence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any Justice or Justices of the Peace within that Part of Great Britain called England, in any of the Cases aforesaid, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Shire, Division, or Place, where such Judgement shall be given, at the then next or next but one General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; but that no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall, within Fourteen Days next after such Judgement, and Ten Days at the least before the holding of such Sessions, give and leave Notice in Writing, as well at the Publick Office of the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Shire, Division, or Place, where such Person or Persons shall be convicted, as to the Person, or at the Dwelling House of the Informer or Prosecutor of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and shall also enter into a Recognizance or Bail before such Justice or Justices, with Two sufficient Sureties, in such Sum as any such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall think fit, not exceeding Firty Pounds each, conditioned to try such Appeal, and likewise to pay the Colts of such Appeal, in case Judgement and Sentence shall, upon the hearing thereof, be given against the Appellant or Appellants, within Six Days next after the Determination thereof; and that the said Justices at their said Seffi ms, shall and may, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid, hear and determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award and order to the Party in whole Behalf such Appeal shall be determined, such Custs and Charges as they in their Discretion shall think reasonable and just, to be paid by the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal shall be dt termined; and in case such Costs and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of Six Days next after the hearing and determining of such Appeal, the fame may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels tf the Person or Persons ordered to pay the fame, or his or their Surety cr Sureties, in the same Manner and by the lame Means as all Distreffcs are ordered to be taken under or by virtue of this Act; and in case any Person or Persons ordered to pay such Costs, shall happen to go imo, or remove his Goods and Chattels into any County, Shire, Division, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court where such Appeal shall be brought or heard, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates, of or for the County, Shirr, Stewartry, Division, or Place, wherein such Person shall be or inhabit, or any of his Goods or Chattels shall be found; and every such Justice and Justices of the Ptace, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates, is and are hereby required, authorized, and empowered, upon Riquest to him for that Purpose to be made, and a true Copy of the Order for the Payment of such Costs and Charges produced, and proved by some credible Witness upon Oath, which Oath any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, She; iff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates, is and are hereby empowered and authorized to administer, to grant his or their Warrant in due Form of Law, in oider to cause the Money mentioned in that Order to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be ordered, and ought to pay the fame, yet nevertheless to return the Overplus to the

Person

691

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Person or Persons entitled thereto, in like Manner as is directed in all other Cases of Distress under this Act; and the Determination of the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes \\ hafsoever; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall think hirrfelf, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by the Judgement of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sae iff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates aforesaid, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in any of the Cases aforesaid, may appeal to the Lords Cummiinoners of Justiciary at their next Circuic Court, in the Manner, and by and under the Rules, Limitations, Conditions, and Restrictions, contained in the Act of Parliament paffrd in the Twentieth Year of King George the Second, for taking away and abolishing the heritable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Action at Law or other Proceeding whatsoever, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done by virtue or in Execution of this Act, until One Calendar Month after Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Proceeding shall be intended to be brought, or left at his, her, or their lad or ul’ual Place or Places of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action or Proceeding, and containing the Name and Place of Abode of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and also of his or their Attorney; and that every Action or Proceeding brought for any Thing done or to be done as afoft-said, shall be brought within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action or Complaint shall arise, and shall be laid and tried in the County, Shire, Stewartry, Division, or Place, where the Fast shall have been committed, and not elsewhere, if the same shall have been committed in the Body of any County, and if not, then in the County of Cumberland when the Fast shall arise in England, and in the County of Dumfries when the Fast shall arise in Scotland, and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue hereof-, and also, that it shall and miy be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, at any Time before Action brought, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or his or her Agent or Attorney; and in case the fame is not accepted, to plead such Tender in bar to the Action, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea, with the Leave of the Court; and if on the Trial of such Action, it shall appear that the fame was brought before the Expiration ot One Calendar Month next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of Six Calendar Months nexc after the Cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such Action shall have been brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after fuffiaent Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the Jury, if in England, shall find a Verdict for, and aCquit the Defendant or Defendants in such Action; and if a Verdict shall be found for, or a Sentence or Decree in Scotland be givrn in favour of such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue the fame, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuit?d, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Pla ntiff or Plaintiffs,

For Limitation of Actions,

692

For appointing Conserva, tors, or Water Bailiffs, t protect the Fisheries.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

tiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for recovering their Cods in other Cases at Law; and that no Action, Suir, Information, or other Proceeding whatsoever, shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless the same shall be laid or commenced within Six Calendar Months nexc after any such Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

XXVI. And, for the better protecting and preferring the Lid Fisheries, be it further enacted, That Two-third Parts in Value of the Owners, Farmers, or Occupiers of any Fishery or Fisheries, in the said Arm of the Sea, or in any Fishery or Fisheries in any River, Rivulec, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool, or other Warer which runs into, or otherwise communicates therewith, (the annual Value of whose Fishery or Fisheries shall be rated as herein-after mentioned at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards), may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, upon Application and Notice to the Justices of the Peace in England, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held within their respective Juris-diftions, and also upon like Application and Notice to the Judge Ordinary, or Justices of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in Scotland, held within their respective Jurisdictions, be at Libery to hire or engage any proper Person or Persons to be Conservator or Conservators, Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, of the Fisheries in the said Arm of the S.a, or any Part thereof, or in any of the Rivers or Waters aforesaid; or any Part thereof, for any Space not exceeding Six Calendar Months at any One Time, who shall from Time to Time be paid, at the End of the said Term, by the Person or Persons who shall so hire or engage him or them, at a Rate not exceeding Two Guineas for each Mile in Leng h of the said Arm of the Sea, or River or Water, whereof he or they shall or may be appointed, and do the Duty of Conservator or Conservators, Water Badiff or Water Bailiffs, as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so hiring, engaging, and paying the said Conservator or Conlervators, Water B iff or Water Bailiffs as aforesaid, shall be reimbursed the said Wages to paid, by an equal Rate or Rates, to be made upon himself, herself, and themselves, and all and every other Occupier and Occupiers of all and every Fishery and Fisheries in the said Arm of the Sea, or River or Water, where and for which such Conservator or Conservators, Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, shall be appointed and serve as aforesaid; and that such Rate or Rates, so to be made as aforesaid, shall be equal, and according to the real and true annual Value of each respective Fishery; and which said Rate or Rates shall be and are hereby required to be made and regulated by the Justices of the Peace, Judge Ordinary, or Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or the Magistrates of Royal Burghs, within their respective Jurisdictions, Twice every Year, (that is to say,) at their General Quarcer Sessions of the Peace to be held at Easter and Ml~ chaelmas every Year, and a true Copy thereof shall always be filed with the Clerk of the Peace or Sheriff Clerk of the County, Shire, Stewartry, Riding, Division, Burgh, or Place where the same shall be so made and regulated, which may be inspected by any Person or Persons, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling to such Clerk of the Peace or Sheriff Clerk; and such Justices of the Peace, Judge Ordinary, Sheriff or Stewart Depute, or their Substitutes, or other Magistrates aforesaid, respect

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 693

lively, are hereby also required, authorized, and empowered, to administer the Oath herein-after mentioned to every Conservator or Water Bailiff, at the Time of his Appointment, and also sign a Certificate thereof;

(that is to say),

T A.B, do solemnly and sincerely swear. That I will diligently, faith- Conservator's

fully, and impartially, execute the Office ot Conservator or Water aI

Bailiff in the Arm of the Sea, Water, or River of In the

‘ County or Stewartry of ['between such a Place and such a

‘ Place"] \ and that I will, without Favour or Affection, make due and

immediate Infoimation to a proper Magistrate, within the County of

‘ or Stewartry of against all and every Person and

‘ Persons whom I shall fee, deteff, or know, of committing any Offence 1 against an A£1 of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An API

[infer! the Title of this API ]

I A.B. One [or, we, A.B. and C.D. Two] of H s Majesty's Justices Certificate of.

of the Peace [or. Judge Ordinary] in and for the County or Stewartry

‘ of do hereby certify. That C.D. of, 6?r. was this for.

« Day of at the General Quarter Srflions of the Peace

‘ [or, Circuit Court] holden in and for the County, Shire, or Stewartry ‘ of duly sworn and appointed a Conservator and Water

‘ Bailiff of the Arm of the Sea, River, or Water of from

to being

‘ Miles in Length, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made and passed in

the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

intituled, An API, &c. [insert the Title of this API]. Given under my

Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above

written.’

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- Persons ag-fons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved in any respect f"p"ugn(l whatsoever, by any such Rate or Rates as aforesaid to be made upon him, the Rates, her, or them, in pursuance of this Act, shall and may appeal against such

Rate or Rates, in the like Manner, and under and subject to the same Rules and Regulations, and subject to such Costs on either Side, as are herein-before mentioned and prescribed with respect to Persons aggrieved by and appealing against Convictions upon or under this Act.

XXVIII. And whereas Disputes may arise touching the Limics of the For afeeruin-said Arm of the Sea, be it therefore further enacted, That for the foie ofgthe^rm'tS Purpose of executing this Act, and no other, the same shall extend over of the Sea, for and across the Whole of the said Arm of the Sea, which lies Kaftward from 1 r'£ urj!of'1 a Place called The Hotel at Skinberne/s, in the Parish of Abbey Holme, in ° ' s e‘‘ the said County of Cumberland, and from thence in a direct Line across the said Arm of the Sea, extending Northward to the large House at Carfethorn of Arbigland, in the said Stewartry of Kircudbright, and from thence West-ward along the Shore of the said Arm of the Sea, which adjoins the County of Dumfries, the Stewartry of Kircudbright, and the County of Wigton aforesaid, for Two Miles in Breadth, pointing Southward from High Water Mark down to a Place called The Mull of Gallon-ay, in the said County of Wigton, and also in like Manner exiending Westward along the Shore [Lee. (A Per.] 8 N of

$94

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

of the said Arm of the Sea, which adjoins the said County of Cumberland, from the Hotel at Skinberness aforesaid, for Two Miles in Breadth, pointing Northward from High Water Mark down to a Place called Hodbarrow Point, in the Parish of Milium, in the said County of Cumberland; and likewise for the lole Purposes of this Act, and no other, the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the River Nith, situate in the County of Dumfries aforesaid, shall for the future be deemed and taken to be and extend from the large House at Carfethorn of Arbigland aforesaid, in a Line across the said River Nit/j due Ealt.

Forrepealing

XXIX. And whereas it is expedient that an Act, passed in the Thirty-

Act 3»g.j. feC0nc} Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating and improving the Salmon Fisheries in the River Nith, in the County of Dumfries, should be repealed, be it therefore further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said Act shall be and the samp is hereby repealed.

fublick Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to beapublick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges of Assize, Justices of the Peace, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahah, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

d

‘y' *» ' ’->

jd' ’) ». " :V.». *4Vfc ft)

11

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

, GEORGII III. REGIS.

id,

Cap. 46.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal, to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal and the Works there-unto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act:, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal and a Collateral Cut thereto.

[5 th June 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth 39 & 4e° i* Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Thames near to the Town of Gravesend, in the County of Kenr, to the River Medway, at a Place called Nicholson’s Ship Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury in the said County, and also a certain Collateral Cut from White Wall in the said Parish to the said River Medway, certain Persons therein named were incorporated by the Name of The Company if Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal, and were authorized and empowered to make and maintain a navigable Canal ouc of the River Thames, near to and on the E ift Side of the Town of Gravesend in the County of Kent, to or into the River Medway, at or near to a certain Place called Nich f n's Ship Yard, in the Parish of Frindsbury in the said County, and also to make and maintain a Collateral Cut or Canal from or out of the said Canal, ac [Loc. Per-2 8 0 or

6g8

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

or near to White Wall, in the said Parish of Frindjbttry, to or into the River Midway, at or near to a certain Point oppofne, or nearly opposite to His Majesty's Doik Ytrd at Chatham in the said County, and also to make and maintain divers other Woik> requisite ror the said Can d and Collateral Cut $ and for effecting such several Purpol'es the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to ratfe and contribute amongst themfel ees a competent Sum of Money for making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut, and such other Works, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds (except as therein mentioned), to be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each; and in case the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds should be found insufficient for the m iking, completing, and maintaining of the said Canal and Collateral Cut, and the Wotks thereby authorized to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves in M inner and Form afottsaid, and in such Snares and Proportion* as to them should seem meet, Or to raise by the Ad* million of new Subl'cribers any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds; and in case the said Company should be desirous of raising the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, or any Part theftof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, they were empowered to borrow and take up at Interest ail or any Part of the said Sum of Twenty chouland Pounds on the Credit of the Rates of the said Canal and Collateral Cut, and to assign the Property of the said Navigation, and the Pates arising or to arise to the said Company by virtue of the said Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money io to be burrowed, with Interest to such P< rthn or Persons or to his,her, or their Trustee or Trusteev who should advance the fame: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act and have already completed a considerable Part of the said Canal, and in so doing ha^rex-penUcd a considerable Sum of Money: A id whereas if the said Com. any of Proprietors were enabled to vary and alter the 1 ine of the said Canal the fame might be rendered more useful and convenient: And whereas for the Purpose of completing the said Canal and Collateral Cut, and the Works requ ftte and belonging thereto, it is expedi nt that the said Company of Proprietors should be enabled to raise a further Sum of Money, anil that critain of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act should be altered, amended, and enlarged; but as such several Purposes cannot be effecteii without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore plra'e Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conftjnt of the Lords Spiritual and 1 emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Powers of the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the extenuid^ Toll.-, Duties, Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matte:s, and Things whatsoever therein contained slave and except such Parts of the same as are heteby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and the f>me is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effift, and Hull be as good, valid, and effectual, for making, completing, preserving, and maintaining the Line of Canal, and other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, and for carrying the several Purpol'es of this Act into Execution, in as full, ample, and Beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purpol’es whatsoever, as it the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body cf this present Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cup. 46. 699

U. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Company en-for the said Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal, abiedtobor-iand they are hereby authorized and empowered, to raise, in Manner sumofMo-*r hereinafter mentioned, any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nc> yot ex-in the Whole the Sum of Sixry thousand Pounds (although the Whole of the said several Sums of Forty thousand Pounds and Twenty thousand Pounds allowed to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act may not have been raised), and to borrow and take up the fame at legal Interdl from such Person or Persons as shall be willing to advance and lend the fame; and the Money so to be raised, together with such Part or Parts of the said Sums of Forty thousand Pounds and Twenty thousand Pound', as remains or remain unpaid, shall be applied and disposed of in defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of carrying on, completing, and repairing and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cut, and the several Works belonging thereto and directed to be made by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, and also in making such Alterations and Impr< ve-ments therein as to them the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time seem right and proper.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to company may and for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the create new Time being, to raise the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Sum of Sfiares-Sixty thousand Pounds, as to them respectively shall seem right and proper, by creating new or additional Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and by difpufing of the same to such Person or Persons, and at such Price or Prices, as to the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee, shall liom Time to Time seem meet and convenient.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Proprietor of each NewPropri-and every Share which shall or may be created by virtue of this Act, shall etois totnj.y be entitled to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages,

and shall be subject to such and the fame Restriftions, Penalties, and For- Proprietors, feitures, as if the Share or Shares so holden by him, her, or them, were Part of the Shares already created, and now vested in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Thames and Medway Canal; and the Admission of any Person to any such new Share or Snares, by any Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, shall be and be deemed to be a good and effectual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, on his, her, or their piying to the said Company, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, the Purchase Money or Price agreed to be paid for such Shares respectively.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in Cafe rhey shall think ic meet and expect’ent, to borrow the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon Promissory Notes, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors; and all such Notes shall be made payable in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, and with such legal Rate of Interest as the said Company of Proprietors shall think propers and all such Notts shall be made either with or without a Power in the respective Holders thereof to have an Option of becoming a Pro- prietor of One Share of One hundred Pounds, in the said Undertaking, in

‘'lieu

Company may raise the said Sum of 60,000/ by Promissory Notes.

700

Rates to he a

Security for the Money borrowed.

Power to raise the Money by Mortgage or by Annuities.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

lieu of the Principal Money by such several Promiftbry Notes to be secured, or so much or such Part thereof as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, and the Person or Persons advancing such Money on the Security of the said Notes, shall jointly agree upon: Provided always, that no Person shall in any Case be admitted to be a Proprietor of any Share in the said Undertaking, in lieu of a less Principal Sum of Money than One hundred Pounds advanced on the Security of such Notes; and the Terms and Particulars, upon which the respective Holders of such Noies shall be entitled to fmh Option of becoming Proprietors in the said Undertaking, shall be fully expressed and let forth in the said several and respective Notes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates authorized to be demanded and taken by virtue of the said recited Act shall be a Security for each and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, with Interest, to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities; and all Persons to whom any such Securities as aforesaid shall be given, shall be equally entitled to a Claim or Lien on the said Rates, in proportion to the respective Sums of Money advanced and lent by them respectively on the Credit of the said Rates, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of the Date of any such Notes, in like Manner as if such Sums of Money had been advanced and lent upon Mortgages or Alignments of the said Rates in pursuance or by virtue of the said recited Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall think it more adviseable or proper to raise the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the Rates authorized to be collected by virtue of the said recited Act, or by granting Annuities payable out of the said Rates, instead of railing the Time by the Creation of any new Share or Shares, or by such Promissory Notes as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors either to borrow and take up at legal Interest, by any such Mortgage as aforesaid, from any Person or Persons, upon the Credit of the said Rates or any of them, the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, or to raise any such Money by the granting of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, to or for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Company of Proprietors, any Sum or Sums of Money, for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, such Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable for any Term or Number of Years, or during the natural Life of any such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution and Purchase Money, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorship \ and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and empowered to assign and make over their Interest and Property in the said Canal and Collateral Cut, and other Works, and the Rates to arise by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest, to the Person or Persons who shall advance the fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, by Deed of Mortgage, in like Manner and Form, and with

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 701

and subject to the like Powers and Directions for transferring every such Mortgage and registering the fame, and with and subject to the like Remedies, Regulations, and Provisions, touching and concerning the same, and the Interest arising therefrom, as are mentioned or contained in and by the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the borrowing of Money and the Securities to be made for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Grant of every such Annuity as aforesaid shall be by Deed, under the Common Seal of the said Company, according to the Form following; (that is to say),

‘ VX/E, the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal, Form of in consideration of the Sum of to us

« paid by A.B. of do hereby, by virtue of an Act of Parlia- ’

« ment passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the

Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of the Aif] grant unto the said A. B.

t One Annuity or Yearly Sum of to be issuing out of all

and Angular the Rates arising by virtue of the several Acts of Parliament made for or relating to the making and maintaining of the Thames

, and Medway Canal; to hold unto the said A.B. Executors, Admit niftmots, and Assigns, for the Term of Years, [or, as

, the Cafe shall be, to hold unto the said A.B. and Assigns, during

, natural Life; or, to hold unto the said A.B. Executors, Admi-

, niftraiors, and Assigns, for and during the natural Life of , and shall be payable and paid at upon the Yearly, by

, equal Portion', and the first Payment thereof to be made upon the t Day of next. Given under our Seal, this

, Day of

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all the Grantees of such Annuities shall be equally entitled to their Proportion of the said respective Rates, according to their respective Annuities, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Grant.oron any other Account whatsoever; and an Entry or Memorial of every such Grant containing the Date thereof, and an Account of the Name or Names of the Party or Parties to whom the same shall have been made, with their respective proper Additions, and of the Consideration of such Grant, and of the Annuity granted, and the Dotation thereof, shall within Thirty Days next after the Date thereof, be written and inferred in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by ihe Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Grant shall have been made, or who shall be entitled to the Annuity thereby lecurtd, may from Time to Time assign or transfer his, her, or their R'ght and Title therein, to any Person or Persons, according to the Form following; (that is to say).

I A.B. of in consideration of the Sum of

to me paid by C.D. of do

hereby transfer unto the said C.D. a certain Grant made by the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal, bearing Date the Day of of an Annuity of payable

\h,re mention the Duration of the Annuity] and all my R;ght, Title, and Intcrell, in and to the Annuity thereby lecurrd, to hold the fame unto the said C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. In

[Lit. (s' Per.2 8 P ‘ witness

Form of Transfer of Annuities.

702 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 46-

witness whereof I have hereunto fee my Hand and Seal this ‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to (he Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall thereupon cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the said Book, containing the Date and Names of the Parties, and the Annuities thereby tnnsferred, for which Entry such CJerk shall be paid tile Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made every such Asignment shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his,her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Grant; and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons who shall have made any |«ch Transfer at any Time afterwards to make void, release, or discharge the said Annuity, or any Part thereof; and the said Annuities so to oe granted as aforesaid shall be paid to the several Persons entitled thereto in Preference to any Interest or Dividends due and payable by virtu* of the said recited Act, or this Act, to the said Company of Proprietors: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be continued to extend so as to hinder or prevent the said Company of Proprietors from raising such Part of the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, and 1 wenty thousand Pounds, authorized to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act, as hath not been already raised, but that the said Company of Proprietors shall have the like Powers and Authorities in all respects for raising the fame upon the Credit or Security of the Rates granted by the said recited Act, as they would have had in case this Act had not been made.

Number ne-

IX. And whereas so much of the said recited Act as directs that all forma Meet f>owers ant^ Authorities by the said recited Act veiled in, or directed ing of the to be exercised by the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, Committee may be done and exercised by the major Part of them present at their re-re uce ' spective M-etings, the whole Number present not being lei's than Seven, has been found extremely inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and rendered null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all the Powers and Authorities veiled in or directed to be exercised, and all Acts, Matters, and Things directed to be done by the said Committee, by the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall be vefled in and may be exercised and done by the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings, to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Act, the whole Number present not being less than Five; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in anywise norwithilanding.

Power of de- X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for viating. the said Company of Proprietors, in lieu and inilead of making such Canal in the Line directed to be made by virtue of the said recited Act, to deviate from such Line at or near a certain Place or Point at the Distance of Eighc hundred Yards, or thereabouts, to the Eastward of a certain Farm called King Farm, in the Parish of Chalk in the said County of Kent; and by themselves. Agents, Officers, Servants, and Workmen, to make, complete, and maintain such Canal from or near to such Place or Point, through the several Parishes of Higham Cliffe, and Frindsbury, in the said County, so as to communicate again with the Line of the said Canal directed to be made by virtue of the said recited Act, at or near to-a

certain

7° 3

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.6.

certain Place or Point called The Hoo Road, in the Lid Parish of Frindsbury in the Paid County; and rhey and each and every of them aie hereby inverted with such and the like Powers and Authorities, in all Respects, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, for the making, completing, and maintaining the taid Canal in such Line, and the several Works necessary thereto, as if such Line had been particularly mentioned and deftribed in the Paid recited Act, they the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Officers, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the carrying of this Act into Execution, and making Satisfaction in the Manner mentioned in the said recited Act for all such Damages as shall be full tuned by the Owners or Proprietors of or other Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, which shall be taken, used, or prejudiced by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors in the making, completing, and maintaining the said Line of Canal to be made by virtue of this Act , and the Lid Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Labourers, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, Husbandr, Guardians, Tri.ftees, Feof-lees in Trull for charitable Uies, and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees, and every other Peiffin and Persons whosoever, shall have and is and are hereby inverted with such and the like Authorities, Powers, Abilities, Interests, Privileges, and Advantages, and shall be, and is and are hereby made subject and liable to such and the like Rules, Conditions, Directions, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Controul, Payments, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, and Benefit of Appeal, in relation to the repairing. maintaining, supporting, and Government of the said Line of Canal, to be made by virtue of this Act, as are mentioned, given, granted, prescribed, established, ant) inflicted in and by the said recited Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XI. And whereas a Survey hath been taken, and a Map or Plan, with a proper Bonk of Reference thereto, hath been made in consequence thereof, in order to shew the Line or Course of the said Deviation; be it therefore e nailed, That there shall be Two of the said Maps or Plans, and Two such Books of Reference thereto made, and the same shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons; and One of the said Maps or Plans, together with One of such Books of Reference thereto, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Kent, and the other of the said Maps or Plans, and the other of the said Books of Reference, shall be deposited with the Clerk to the said Company ot Proprietors; and to such Maps, Plans, and Books of Reference, all Persons shall have Liberty to resort and to examine, or make Extrafls from or Copies of the fame, as Occasion shall require, paying to the said respective Clerks One Shilling, and no more, for such Examination, and for Copies of or Extrails from the said Book of Reference, after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words; and the said Maps, or Plans, and Books of Reference so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law or elsewhere; and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors shall and he is hereby required from Time to Time to produce the said Map, or Plan, and Book of Reference, so to be depo-sued with him as aforesaid, on Seven Days Notice given to him for that Purpose,

Plan and

Book of Reference to be authenticated by the Speaker; and deposited.

7©4 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Purpose, or left at his Lft or usual Place of Abode, before any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fame may be then and there given in Evidence; and a reasonable Sum of Money shall be paid to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors for his travelling Expences, Absence from Home, and Attendance on such Occasions.

Nottodevi-

XII. And be it further enacted, That in making the said new Line of

Con7ent°U* Canal the said Company of Proprietors shall not deviate from the Course or Direction delineated in such Maps or Plans thereof, and set forth in such Books of Reference thereto, more than One hundred and fifty Yards from the Course or Direction specified in the fame, without the Approbation and Consent in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons to whom any Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments do or shall respectively belong, into, through, or over which any Deviation is desired to be made; but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend fb as to restrainor prevent the said Company of Proprietors from making any such Deviation from the said Course or Direction, in case all the Persons, to whom the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be cut through or made use of for the Purposes of such Deviation shall belong, shall consent thereto.

Land Own-

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Company of the Book of n ProPr'etors shall and tnay make such new Line of Canal to be made by Reference not virtue of this Act and specified in such Maps or Plans thereof, and shall the^makin of anc^ may ma^e Deviations from the same, into, through, acrof-, or the Deviatfon. over the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons whofjever, into whose Lands or Grounds the said Company of Proprietors are hereby enabled to make such Deviations as aforesaid, although the Names of such Persons respectively be not mentioned in the said Book of Reference; or into the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whose Name or Names may appear to have been by Mistake omicced in the said Book of Reference, or that instead thereof the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons to whom such Lands or Grounds do not belong, hath or have been by Mistake infer ted therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Houses, Gar-

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein cori-fo"beInjured, tained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Com-except Rich as pany of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their »re mention- Authority, to take, use> injure, or damage, for the Purposes of the said new Line of Canal to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of the Works necessary thereunto, or thereunto belonging, any House or other Building which was erected and built on or before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, or any Land or Ground which, on the said First Day of June, was set apart and used as or fur a Garden, Ordhard, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenuoto a Houfr, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, other than and except a certain Messuage or Tenement, and Blackfinith’s Shop or Forge, Yard and Garden, belonging to and in the Occupation of Edward Parker, firuated in the Parish of Higham in the said County of Kent, anJ a Messuage and Garden in the said Parish of Higham, in the Occupation of and belonging to Thomas French.

44# GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 705

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or Application agreed or awarded to be paid fer the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditarrtents purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of amounting to the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian,

Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick,

Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex pane the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

(landing settled therewith to the fame, or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Orcjer of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application lb agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- JfTonT/Tef-jnents, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- than tool. ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability ?"d t^cetd* or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred " s *" ’ Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then

and in all such Cases the tame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or [Lor. y Per.} 8 Q their

706 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

rheir Guardian or Guardian?, Committee or Committees, in cafo of Infancy, I 'iotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Wtiting under their rrfpec-tive Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Piivity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Pirl’on or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Three or more of the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing tinder the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividend* aiifing thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-beforedirested, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Con aiia"°f XVII. Piovidtd also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so non it left agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned shall be less than than 101. Twenty Pounds, thenand in all such Cases the same Hull beappbed to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time beingdiave beenrentitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and of this Act, in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or- their Committee shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

in case of not

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Title*out whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, co be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the Committee of the Lid Company of Proprietors, or in case the Per-or, if Persons son or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded found' Pur- as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such chafe Money Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be rot known or d.fcovered, then into the Bank anc^ ’n evrl7 furh Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Committee to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Pri-viry of the Accountant General of the Court of Cnanccry, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Part es interested in the said Lands, Te-subject to the ments, or Hereditaments [describing the m] subject to the Order, Con-Orderuf the troul, and Dispofuion, of the said Court ot Chancery, which said Court of Chancery,on hancery on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to Motion or such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition,

Petition. shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meec, to order the same to be Lid out and inverted in the public!; Funds, and to order Distdbuiion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Krtutes, 1 itle or Imereft-, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said

Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England., who ljiall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby requited to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums

_ . of

4a° GEORGII III.' Cap. 46. 707

of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court ot Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of an Estate, Righr, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act, or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends Or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and ail Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Lid Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuit es, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Cou t that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or l'nfons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fume Estate or Interest therein.

Where any Question shall aiife touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lind etc. at the Time of such Purs-hale, shall be deemed entitled thtre-to, according to such Poffdhon, unless, &V,

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any The Court of Disability or Incapacity of the Pcfon or Persons, or Corporation, entitled orlitfnzLn? to any L ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the able Expences Authority of the said recited Act, or of this Acr, the Purchase Money for "otfcu'ajjbS the Lme shall be requited to be paid inro the Court of Chancery, and to the Tnuttees. be applied in the Purchase,ot other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

ro be lettled to the like Ulrs in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time ro Time to be made in pursuance cf this Act, or so much of such Expences as t hr said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Ex- Coflsof this peaces of appUing for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and all Costs, b^'dT Charges, and Expences incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company ot Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal our of any Monty received or to be received by virtue of the said recited Act, or of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act Hull be deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons

are hereby required to take Notice of ic as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

s *) .

1J flit -1 I

i!W T I

lti *I

Tan ivy

'«} lp:u ... ut

oH« n

£ i

-J'll 3: .-.t»

<!» i , -

I! ') , M.; «r

! it-:

Mi* . r *>: t ->1 jap., i

; - ‘ ‘

; /: J /. ;:.h

aq 1 10 ,r :9m; J oj ..V.i»Jj .-.zi i i-.

r-Vi>J :<&. 1 ' i6 ,j ili- I’

1 i i >;

llflL) Hi , VT3’l'j.

vi; ui jo e:A i'tfi ion t. A 1 ii.-i isitl v j io 32.;t. iu io ibjp’ i JlJ . ...tv.- it} t

- «< i ' ' .

ib ». tUn3(i . io r-pr . 1

rj i l.S«I rv BU 7 " I: . i . ...... -4/^J i.j ,ni I

sri iJfldl ,s I- ‘I io ' ' r'at*l 1j m. iy f,\

V,;>rj, i a I a- (*S*r

lillFOj 3f]' ... . i

;1; !:; ' J: lyo.'i . V *. s

H If V

t-. "1. 'i narf

.1 'i/ I >jLf i ft.-. z. . rtf

V

' -. - I . . 9 . 1. j '.

M.:Ol: fil ... 4. f S’. # I .1 ’ M llj. i U.-1 i ') t

T3iiu£} i-rfi

- >i, ..-i

‘>1m-j H

-*-'; . I1 Mf txi r.

f f /( .1 lS ib i jii;j 1 J - I

- :j:u ,-U w. ft.- :3‘l 'I

’ f ’ , .1.

V.

.. U.J.V, ti i iuj- »i i in

»ti. 3 -1-.;

10;

lcx^o^a.

rdi Ji( )

OJ T"

J

!> li VflI f<» 3.

-1 jf

-f . . 5. J.

.; Cr v I

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 47.

An Act for the better governing, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; for providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the said Parish; for appointing Collectors of the Rates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[5th June 1804.]

WHEREAS the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, is very large and populous, and the Poor belonging thereto are very numerous, insomuch that the providing for the said Poor, and the Management and Employment of them, are become too burdensome for the Office of Overseers of the said Poor, which would be better and more easily discharged, with the Assistance of others, participating in the Powers and Fun&ions of the said Office, and forming, together with the said Overseers, the Churchwardens, and Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, One United and Select Body of Directors for governing, maintaining, and employing the said Poor, under certain Rules and Regulations-, and the Inhabitants of the said Parish are desirous to obtain Authority for carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution: And whereas the present Workhouse of the said Parish is in many Parts decayed, and, with the Buildings {Lee. y Per. J 8 R erected

TIO

44.* GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

crected in addition thereto, is insufficient for the Accomodation and proper Employment of the Poor of the said Parish requiring to be supported therein; And whereas it will tend to the better Relief and Accommodation of the said Poor, if a convenient Building for their Reception and Employment were provided, by erecting a new Workhouse, either where the present Workhouse hands, with an Enlargement of that Scite of Ground by the Purchase of additional Grounds adjoining thereto, or in some other convenient Situation within the said Parish, by the Purchase of other Grounds or Buildings which may appear suitable to the above Purposes: And whereas it would also tend to render more productive the Collection of the Poor Rates or Assessments in the said Parish, if Powers were given to appoint Collectors thereof, with an Allowance of a certain reasonable Poundage for their Trouble and Diligence in making the said Collection: But, as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be put in Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be Enacted; And be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, together with the follow-1 am-es or ing Persons, being S'xty in Number (that is to say) John Adolphus, Directors. Edward Ailphrey, Robert Baker, George Bagjler, Paul Barbot, James Bocock, the Reverend Robert Anthony Brcm'ey, Arnold AlLhael Bur-mefier, John Clarke, Edmund Coffin, the Reverend Kenneth Courteney,

\Thomas Daniel, Thomas Davis of Bagnigge Wells, William Denby, George Dennett, Christian Dietricbftn, Thomas Divett, Jffieph Farrington, Thomas Finch, George bijher, William brands, the Reverend Edward , John Andrews Frith, Gabriel Gillett, Charles Gore, Christopher Greet-

ham, John Hall, Thomas Harrison, Thomas Hind, Joshua Hodgkinson, William Holmes, Mathias Hunt, Archibald Hunter, George Jackson, Wiliam Norfolk John Jon, John Kenney, John Knight, William Littleboy, George Lockett, Thomas M'Dowal., Dagge Moore, John Jacob Morley, Richard Mortimer, John Nares, George Ofljorn, Henry Peart, Brereton Poynton, Benffimin Price, Martin Prior, John Thomas Redman, Thomas Rhodes, Samuel tewell, Richard Shutt, Nebemiah Spicer, William Thi-Jelton, John TwycroJs, William Waugh, William Weston, James Teates, John Toupg, George Young, and their Successors (to be appointed ia Manner hereinafter mentioned) shall be and are hereby appointed Directors of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Pancras, for the Purposes of well-governing, providing for, employing, and managing the said Poor; and also of erecting a new Worxhouse, and furnishing and keeping the fame in Repair, and of purchasing Ground or other Buildings for that Purpose, if the same shall be necessary, and of otherwise putting in Execution the several Powers hereby given to and vested in them,

9" ufrl'-io", ^>rov'^ec^ always, and be it further enacted, Thar whenever Six

ttteVa'cincies E"e kid Directors, or of their Succtfiors (except the several Persons be made who are appointed Directors in virtue of their respective Office or Sta-aip. tion) shall, by Death, Removal, Disqualification, Refusal, or Neg-

lcCl, have been rendered incapable of acting in the Powers and Authorities by this Act reposed in them, that then and in every such

Cab:

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 7ir

Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the remaining or surviving Dirrftors, at a General Meeting to be called for that , and of which Meeting, and the Purpose thereof, Fourteen Days Notice shall be given, to nominate and appoint Three fit and proper Persons duly qualified as herein-before mentioned, to be Directors, in the room, place, and (lead of Three of those who shall have ceased to be Directors as aforesaid; and the said surviving or remaining Directors shall also issue and publish in the Parish Church and Chapels of the said Parish, a Notice for convening a Vestry of the said Parish, which Vef-try, and all other Vestries in future, shall be holden at some fit and convenient Place (other than the Parish Church) for the purpose of electing the Three other fit and proper Persons to fill up the Residue of the Vacancies in the Lift of Dirrftors so created as aforesaid, of which said Vestry, and the Purpose thereof, Fourteen Days Notice shall also be given; but if after Declaration duly made to the said remaining Directors of the Vacancy of Six of their Body, they shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of One Calendar Month, to issue such Notices as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the Parishioners of the said Parish qualified to vote in the Vel-try as hereinafter mentioned, to sign a Requisition to the Churchwardens of the said Parish for the Time being, to call a Vestry, at which laid- Vestry all the Vacancies in the Lift of Directors shall be filled up by Poll or Ballot, or in such way of Election as shall be deemed most proper and convenient: Provided also, that no Person shall be entitled to vote in any Vestry of the said Parish, who shall not for Twelve Calendar Months previous to the holding thereof, have been and stilt continue to be afiVfled to the Rates of the said Parish, and who has paid the said Rates fur One Year before the holding of the said Vestry, if the same shall have been regularly demanded.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and The Lady for the Right honourable Anne Lady Southampton, Lady of the Ma- and Lord of nor of Tottenham otherwise Tottenhall, within the said Parish of Saint the Manorof Pancras, and the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, to°Jpp"i^ from Time to Time to nominate and appoint, in addition to the Num- Two Direc-ber of Directors herein-before nominated, and their Successors, Two tors.

fit and substantial Inhabitant Householders of the said Parish, duly qualified as herein-before directed, and who shall take the Oath herein fter required, to be Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, and that upon such Nomination and Appointment, under the Hand or Hands,

Seal or Seals of t,he said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being, certified to the said Directors above named, and their Successors, the Persons so nominated and appointed from Time to Time, shall have the fame Power and Authority in the Execution of this Act, as the Directors, or any of them, herein-before nominated, or their Successors to be choion by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Directors.be-

acting as Dirtftor, or taking upon himself the Execution of any of fore they aft, the Powers and Authorities given to him by this Act slave and except ,h*

the Power of administering the Oath hereinafter mentioned) until he oi°h'nS shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath:

" I, A. B.

712

fht Oath.

Directors to accept their Ti o It in a limited Time.

Qualification ot Directors.

Penalty on such as shall act without being duly qualified.

4V GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

I A.B. do {wear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and

honestly, according to the bell of my Skill and Know-

ledge, execute the several Powers and Authorities reposed in me ‘ as a Director of the Poor, appointed in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty.fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 4 intituled [here set forth the Title of this A8\ and that without Fa-

your or Affection, Prejudice or Malice.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Directors, or any Two or more of them, at the first or any subsequent Meeting of the said Directors to be held in pursuance of this Act, are hereby empowered and required to admi-

nifter.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That such of the said Directors nominated by this Act (except the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor for the Time be;ng) who shall not, within Six Calender Months from and after the passing of this Act, accept the said Office and take the aforesaid Oath, and also such of the said Directors to be elected from Time to Time under this Act in Manner herein-before directed, who shall not within the like Space of Six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing given to or left for him or them, at his or their usual Place of Abode, from the Clerk to the acting Di-rectors (whose Duty it is hereby declared to be to cause such Notice to be given to or left for all Persons so to be elected Directors, as soon as conveniently may be after their Election) accept the said Office, and take and subscribe the aforesaid Oath, or who shall remove out of the said Parish, or who shall neglect to attend the Meetings of the said Directors to be held by virtue of this Act for the Space of Nine Calendar Months, shall be held, adjudged, deemed, and taken to have declined and refused to accept such Office of a Director under this Act; and the Office of such Director is in that Cafe hereby declared to be vacant.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person, (except the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being) shall be capable of acting as a Director in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be seised or possessed in his own Flight, or in the Right of his Wife, or be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Saint Pancras, of the clear Yearly Value of Thirty Pounds, and assessed to the Rates hereinafter directed to be made for the Purposes of this Act, at the Rate ot Thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards, or unless he shall be a Tenant or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish, assessed to the said Rates at the like Rent of Thirty Poon&sper Annum or upwards, and also be possessed of a Real or Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of One Thousand Pounds, over and above what shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge his just Debts; and if any Person, not being qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons, being an Inhabitant Hqufehohler of the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 713

said Parish, and qualified to vote in the Vestry thereof as herein-before mentioned, who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; previous to the bringing of which said Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, the Person or Persons intending to be Plaintiff or Plaintiff’s, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall deliver to or leave at the usual Place of Abode of the Person against whom such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information is intended to be brought or prosecuted, One Calendar Month’s Notice or Warning in Writing; and in such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, the Proof of the Qualification shall be on the Person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove the Delivery of such Notice, and that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Director in the Execution of this Act subsequently thereto.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Messuages Estates and or Tenements, Poorhouses, Workhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments, Monies, and Securities for Monies, Rates, Assessments, |h° church-and Arrears of Rates and Assessments, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, warden?, &c. which from and immediately before the passing this Act the Church- before this wardens and Overseers of the said Parish, or any other Person or Per- the* fons whomsoever, were entitled unto or possessed of in Trust for the poor vene<i Parishioners thereof, for and towards the Relief, Maintenance, Use, in the Di-and Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, by virtue of any Rate or reflors. Rates, Assessment or Assessments,or for any other Purpose whatsoever in which the said Parishioners are interested, shall from and immediately after the passing hereof, be possessed by, paid, delivered, and belong to the said Directors and their Successors, by virtue of this Act, as fully, effectually, and beneficially, and in as large and ample Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as they the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or either of them, or other Person or Persons, at or immediately before the passing hereof, were entitled thereto, or were in Possession thereof as aforesaid; subject nevertheless to be used, possessfed, applied, and disposed of, upon the Trulls in this Act contained, or upon such other Trusts for which the fame were held, and not otherwise; and also that the said Directors under this Act shall be thereupon inverted with all and every the Powers and Authorities for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, with which the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, by the Laws made or to be made for the Relief of the Poor, are or shall be inverted (except only in such Cases wherein the same are expressly altered or varied by this Act, or are wholly repugnant thereto.)

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all or any Estates Mo-Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Sum and Sums of Money, or other ney,&e. left ttfefts, that shall come to the Hands of the Churchwardens or Over- "obe* leers of the Poor of the said Parish, or any other Person or Persons in applied by Trust for the said Parish, to be applied in any particular Manner for Directors, the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, by virtue of any Will or Deed, according to which they may lawfully take by virtue of the Statutes of Mortmain, 'jj'

or by any other Means whatsoever, shall be by them conveyed, assigned, and paid to the said Directors or their Treasurer, and shall be applied

[Loc. fc? Per.'] 8 S and

7*4

No Order valid, unless made at a public Meeting.

Meetings of Directors.

DireAors to defray their own Expences at Meetings.

A Chairman to be chosen.

Collectors

appointed.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

and disposed of by the said Trustees, in the Manner and for the Uses and Purposes appointed and directed for the Application thereof, be the fame by Deed, Will, Donation, Gift, Agreement, or otherwise, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Act, Order, or Determination of the said Directors, or any of them (except in Cases where it shall be otherwise particularly directed by this Act) shall be valid, unless the same shall be made at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act; and thac all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to and vested in the said Directors, shall and may be executed and exercised by the major Part of those present at any Meeting held pursuant to this Act (the Number of Directors present at such Meeting not being less than Nine, except in any Case where the Number necessary to be prefenC is herein otherwise particularly directed); and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of such respective major Part so present, shall have the fame force and Effect as if done or made by all the said Directors.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall meet at the House known by the Name of The Adam and Eve, at Tottenham Court, within the said Parish, on the Third Tuesday next after the Day on which this Act shall have received the Royal AlTent, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall and may after that Time meet by Adjournment at the fame or any other Place within the said Parish, as shall be agreed on by the Directors present at any Meeting; and if there shall not attend at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Directors to act, or if the Directors present shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves to another Day, then the Clerk to the Directors for the Time being shall adjourn the Meeting to a future Day, and to the same Place at which such lad Meeting was held, or appointed to have been held, causing Notice of such Adjornment to be given in Writing to each and every of the said Directors: Provided always, that the said Directors, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby required to meet on Tuesday in every Week, at such Place as they shall think proper, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution; and the Directors present at all such Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and, for the better and more effectually carrying into Execution the several Powers contained in this Act, it shall be lawful to and for the said Directors, from Time to Time, as often as they shall think proper, to appoint a Committee or Committees to act in Rotation, or otherwise, as Occasion may require.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Directors present at every Meeting, before they proceed to any other Business, shall elect a Chairman of such Meeting; and if any Question shall be put to the Voteac such Meeting, and there shall be an Equality of Votes for and aguinll the Question, then and in every such Case the Chairman present shall have a second or calling Vote.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or the major Part of them, at any of their Meetings, when they shall think proper (not less than Thirteen of them being present)

to

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

to elect and appoint One or more Person or Persons to be a Collector or Collectors of the Rates authorized to be made, collected, and levied by virtue of this Act, every such Collector being a resident House-holder in the said Parish; and also to elect some Persons, being Bankers to be their Treasurer; and also to elect and appoint a Master or Mistress of the Workhouse; and One or more Beadle or Beadles for the Removal of the Poor from Time to Time, and for other Purposes relative to the said Poor; and also to nominate Annually on the Tuef-day next before Easter, in lieu of the Nomination heretofore made in Vestry, such Number of Constables and Headboroughs as shall have been usually nominated in the said Parish, or as may be deemed by the said Directors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, to be necessary; and also toeledl and appoint such Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers and Servants as they shall deem necessary for the Execution of this Act, and to take such Security as the said Directors shall think proper for the due Execution of their respective Offices-, and to remove such Collector or Collectors, Treasurer, Master or Mistress, Beadles, Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers and Servants, at their Will and Pleaiurej and out of such Rates and Assessments to be collected and received by virtue of this Act, to make such Allowances, by way of Poundage, to the said Collectors, not exceeding Three Pence in the Pound on the Monies actually collected, for their Trouble in the Collection of the Rates aforesaid; and also pay or allow to such Person or Persons as hath or have been employed, by virtue of any Resolution of Vestry, in making a Survey or Plan of the said Parish, such Sum or Sums for his or their Trouble, as the said Directors shall think reasonable, not exceeding One Hundred and fifty Pounds; and also to pay or allow unto such Master or Mistress, Beadle or Beadles, Cleric or Clerks, and such other Person or Persons, not being Treasurers, so to be employed by the said Directors as aforesaid, such Salaries or Recompence, Yearly or otherwise, for his, her, and their Trouble, as to them the said Directors, or the Majority of them present at any Meeting (not less than the Number of Thirteen being then present) shall seem meet: and reasonable; and to revoke and countermand, alter and vary such Nominations and Appointments, Salaries or Recompence, and make others in their stead, or not, as to them shall seem meet and proper.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better securing a due Check and Controul over the several Officers and Servants appointed and employed in or about the said Workhouse, and over the regular and faithful Execution of such Contradts or Engagements as shall or may at any Time be entered into and made with the said Directors, by any Person or Persons, for or concerning the Care or Maintenance, or Employment, of the said Poor, and also for the better providing a prompt and immediate Discharge of many Duties appertaining to the Office of Overseers of the Poor, and requiring Dispatch, in the Intervals when the said Directors may not be assembled at any Meeting, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or the major Part of them (the Number of Thirteen being then present) at any of their Meetings, to elect and appoint some Person, being a Householder in the said Parish, to be inspector over the said Workhouse, under the Special Instructions of the said Directors, and to continue in such Office during their Pleasure, which Person lo appointed shall regularly report to the said Directors

715

And a Treasurer; Master or Mistress of the Workhouse; and Beadles, &c«

Inspector of the Work-house.

716

Bye-Lawi to be made.

Altering or

repealing

Bye-Laws.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

rectors at their Meetings, such Matters as may have arisen in the Management or State of the said Poor since the last Meeting of the said Directors; and for the better encouraging the Care and Fidelity of such Inspector in executing the Duties of such Office, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or the major Part of them (the Number of Thirteen being then present) at any of their Meetings, to pay and allow him such Salary or Remuneration, Yearly or otherwise, as to them shall seem fit and reasonable, so that the same shall not be more than at the Rate of One Hundred Pounds per Annum.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or the major Part of them (the Number of Thirteen being then present) from Time to Time, to make such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as well for the better regulating their own Proceedings at any of their public Meetings, and the Manner of convening and holding such Meetings, where the same are not conrrouled by this Act, as for the better maintaining, governing, employing, managing, and regulating the Poor of the said Parish, and also for applying towards the Purposes of this Act the Monies that shall from Time to Time arise by virtue of this Act, as to them shall seem proper and expedient, so that no such Bye-Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation, be repugnant to the Laws and Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom called England; and all such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and all other Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, of the said Directors, shall be entered by their Clerk for the Time being in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Chairman of the Meeting; and the said Book or Books may and shall be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whae-soever-, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, and all other Person or Persons whomsoever, to whom the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall or may relate, is and are hereby required, from Time to Time, to conform themselves to the said Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, at and under such reasonable Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to be inserted in such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations respectively, not exceeding Five Pounds for every Non-comformity thereto, as shall be agreed upon at the Time of making the same; and to be recovered in like Manner as other Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, are herein directed to be recovered, and to be paid to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, and to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Bye-L.aw, Rule, Order, or Regulation, which shall be made by the said Directors conformably to the Powers given them by this Act, shall be made, altered, repealed, or revoked, unless a Notice of the Proposal or Intention to take into Consideration the Propriety of making, altering, repealing or revoking the fame, be given by the Clerk of the said Directors for the Time being, in Writing, to each and every of the said Directors, and also of the Time and Place of a Meeting of the said Directors, to be holden for that Purpose; and that such Notice be given Ten Days at least prior to such Meeting.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 717

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations respectively, when made by the said Directors, or altered as aforesaid, shall be published by affixing a printed Copy thereof on the Door of the Church and Chapels of the said Parish.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall, and they are hereby empowered, by an Order under the Hands of Three of them, and countersigned by their Clerk, at any public Meeting to be convened as herein-before mentioned, to direct the said Treasurer from Time to Time to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be received for or on Account of the Poor Rates, or on Account of the Poor of the said Parish, and applicable to the Relief thereof, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as they shall think necessary and expedient for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Treasurer is hereby authorized and required to pay the fame from Time to Time accordingly, which Sum or Sums lo paid shall be allowed the said Treasurer in his Account.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies collected by Money corn-virtue of the Rates or Assessinenis hereby directed to be made, and of* all other Monies whatsoever, which shall come to the Hands of the churchwar-said Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, applicable to the Relief dens, &c. of the Poor within the said Parish (such Monies as shall or may here- to be paid to after be given to the said Parish, and applicable to the Use of the Poor 'heTreafu-thereof, the Management and Distribution of which shall or may be rer* otherwise directed by the Donor or Donors thereof rel'pedively, only excepted) shall be by them from Time to Time paid unto the Treasurer

to be appointed as aforesaid, to and for the Purposes of this Act, within Seven Days after such Monies (hill have been received by the said Churchwardens or Overseers, or any of them, as aforesaid; and the respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, and also the said Collector or Collectors of the Raies hereby dnecled to be made, and the Master or Mistress of the said Workhoulr, and Clerk or Clerks, shall at all Times, when thereunto required by the said Directors, or any Nine or more of them, respectively, make up and render unto the said Directors at their Meetings, a full, true, and perled Account in Writing, with ail necessary Vouchers for the Confirmation thereof, and verified upon Oath (if required) of all Monies by them received and paid by virtue of their rtlptdive Offices as aforesaid, or otherwise, for or on Account of the Poor of the said Parish; and the said Collectors shall and they are hereby required, once in every Mon:h at least, at l'ome Weekly Meeting of the said Directors, to produce their respective Kate Books, in order that the said Directors may be satisfied as to the Sum and Sums of Money rated and act'efled, and nor received, and may give such Directions relpeding the collecting and levying the same as they shall think proper; and the said Master or Mistress of the said Workhoui'e shall, and they are hereby required, to produce and lay before the Directors at every Weekly Meeting, an Account of all Monies by him or her received and paid in the Courl’e of the preceding Week; and all’o a true and diitind Account of the Number of Persons in the said Workhouse, distinguishing their Ages and Sex, and how they are em-[Ltfc. (3 Per.) 8 T ployed,.

Treasurer to pay Money to the Order of Directora.

TxS

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

ployed, and how much Money has been earned by the Labour of the said Poor in the preceding Week j and what Quantity of Provisions (distinguisfitng every Kind) in Weight or Value and also of Liquor, has been brought and delivered, and by what Tradesman or Trades-men, into the said Workhouse in each Week; and the several Officers aforesaid appointed by the said Directors shall and they are hereby required, within Seven Days after they shall respectively quit their Offices, to pay over to the said Treasurer the Monies then remaining in their Hands upon every such Account , and the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor respectively, who shall be in Office at the Time of passing this Act shall and they are hereby required, within Twenty-eight Days from and after the Day on which this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, to account unto the said Directors for all Sums of Money received and diffiurfed or paid by them respectively, for or on Account of the Poor of the said Parish, or for and on any other Account by virtue of their respective Offices, during the Time that they have respectively been in Office, and shall then produce and lay before the said Directors all Books and Papers in their Hands necessary to illustrate such Accounts, and distinct and special Vouchers for all Payments and Diffiurfemencs made by them, and shall then pay over to the said Directors, or to their Treasurer, all and every such Balance of Monies as shall then appear to be and remain in their Hands, respectively, in virtue of their said Offices.

Ptmhy on

refuting or ueglecting such Pay-menu to Di-refiori, or to account regularly.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That incafeany such Churchwarden or Overseer, Collector or Collectors, Master or Mistress of such Workhouse, Clerk or Clerks, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to account and pay to the said Directors in the Manner and within the Times above directed, in any of the said Cases, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, (not being Directors) and they are hereby authorized and required, to grant a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, according to the Form and Effect in the Schedule hereunto annexed, authorizing or directing the Constable, Headborough, or Beadle of the said Parish, to levy such Sum and Sums of Money so remaining in their Hands, and unpaid as aforesaid, by Distress of the Defaulters Goods and Chattels which shall be found either within the said Parish or elsewhere , and if within Five Days after any such Distress shall be made, the Money so remaining in the Hands of such Defaulter or Defaulters, and the reasonable Charges attending the making such Distress, and of keeping such Goods and Chattels, shall not be paid, such Constable, Headborough or Beadle, shall cause the said Goods and Chattels, or a sufficient Part thereof, to be appraised and fold for paying the Money so remaining due as aforesaid, and the reasonable Charges aforesaid, and the Charges of apraif-ing and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand made by him or them; and in case it shall be certified that no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, then it shall be lawful for Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex (not being Directors) to commit such Defaulter or Defaulters to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Term not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, unless he, ffie, or they, shall have previously made up and rendered a true Account, confirmed by

all

7*9

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

all necessary Vouchers, and verified the fame upon Oath as aforesaid, and satisfied and paid such Sum and Sums as shall respectively appear to be remaining in his, her, or rheir Hand or Hands, or shall have entered into Recognizances with sufficient Surety or Sureties, in Double the Amount of the Sum mentioned in such Warrant of Distress, to prosecute with Effect an Appeal respecting the fame, and to pay the Money, with Coils.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Matter or Thing Dirtflon to respecting this Act shall be brought before the said Directors at any examine

of their laid Meetings, which shall require to be investigated or in- Ma*trrj up-quired into upon Oath, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, if present, or if no such Justice of the Peace shall be present, then for the Chairman of such Meeting, to administer an Oath to any Person or Persons willing to take the lame, for the more certain Information of the said Directors, in any Matter or Business then depending before them; and if any Person or Persons shall upon his, her, or their Examination upon Oath before the said Directors, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful or corrupt Perjury are liable to.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Di- ^4fes,ll<\w redors of the Poor of the said Parish of St. Pancras for the Time being, to e , or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby required from Time

to Time and at all Times after the passing of this Act, as often as Occasion shall require to meet in the Room appointed for the holding of Vestries in the said Parish, as herein-before is directed (Notice of such Meeting having been first given on the Sunday next preceding such Meeting in the Church of the said Parish, and in such Chapels, where Notices of Parish Meetings have usually been given in Manner aforesaid) and then and there to make one or more such General Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, as by the Laws now in being Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor now are, or shall or may, or could or might be enabled or empowered to make, and as they the said Directors, or any Nine or more of them, shall judge or determine to be necessary in and towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, and other the several Purposes that are as well in this Act as also in the several Laws now in being, touching and concerning the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, or in anywise relating thereto particularly mentioned, so that such Rates or Assessments to be made shall be signed by the said Directors, or any Nine or more of them, and shall be allowed by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Middlesex (not being Directors under this Act) and shall be, on the Sunday next after such Allowance, published in the Church of the said Parish after Morning Prayers, before such Rate or Rates, AfteiTment or Assessments, shall be col-leded; and all and every such Rate or Rates, AfteiTment or Assess-rnents, to be made by the said Directors, or any Nine or more of them, shall be deemed and taken to be good, valid, and effectual, in like Manner as if the fame had been ascertained and made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, any Law,

Statute,

720

Collefiort empowered to levy Haiti.

How Rates are to be levied on Refusal.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Rate or Rates, Aff'ffment or Assessments, (Hall be made for the Relief of the Poor of the said PariAi, other than is or are by this Act directed; and all Monies arising from such Rates or Assessments, together with all Arrears dpe upon former Rates, allowed as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves agrieved by any such Rate or Assessment so to be made as aforesaid, he, she, or they At all and may appeal therefrom, in the Manner hereinafter particularly directed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons to be appointed in Manner aforesaid Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or AAeAments, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to collect and levy the same, and that the Monies arising from such Rates or AAeAments, together with all Arrears due upon former Rates allowed as aforesaid, Aiall and may be collected Quarterly, or otherwise; and, for the better enabling such Collector or Collectors so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for him or them to execute all such Warrants of Distress, as Aiall be granted from Time to Time by any Justice or Justices of the Peace (not being Directors under this Act) in the Manner hereinafter directed, against any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Rate or Assessment, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as Overseers of the Poor, by any Law or Laws now in being, can or may execute the same.

XXIII. And, for the better and more effectual raising and levying the Rates and Assessments directed to be made by this Act, Be it further enacted, That in case any of the Landlords or Occupiers, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, of any Land, Ground, Dwelling-house, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house. Stable, Celler, Vault, Building, Tenement or hereditament, within the said Parish, herein-before made liable to pay any Rate or Assess-jnent made, laid, and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall refute or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, and all Arrears due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates, it Aiall be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middte/ex, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to luminon, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, all and every Person and Persons who Aiall have refused or neglected as aforesaid (upon Oath being made before him or them, by the Collector or Collectors appointed by the said Directors as aforesaid for the Ti nc being, of his or their having attended upon or at the Dwelling-house or last Place of Abode of all and every Person or Persons then intended to be summoned, and having demanded the Rate or Rates, and of such Person or Persons hiving refused or neglected to pay the said Rate or Rates o appear before such JuAice or Justices ac a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons; and it shall and may be lawful to and for cue Collector and Collectors appointed or to be appointed by the ai.f Directors, or for any of the ConAables, Headboroughs, or Bea.ilcs of the said PariAi, to serve all and every such Summons and Sucnmonles upon

721

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

all and every Person and Persons id refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be summoned, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at the Premises for which the Hares mentioned in such Summons shall remain due and owing; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall refuse or neglect to at- Persons retend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Sumfaons, or if he,.she, fusing to at-br they shall attend, and shall not {hew good and sufficient Caule to such Justice or Justices that they are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates, that then all and every Person and Persons who shall have been so summoned, shall pay the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Summons; and in all Cases where the said Rate or Rates, or any of them, shall not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it shall and may be lawful to and for such J office or Justices who shall have issued such Summons or Summonses as aforesaid, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Oath made before him or them of the due Service of such Summons or Summonses by the Party who shall have fer-ved the lame, to grant a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand Or Hands, Seal or Seals, according to the Form and Effect in the Schedule hereunto annexed, authorizing or directing the said Collector or Collectors, or any Constable, Kcadborough, or Beadle of the said Parish, to coiled: or levy all and every such Rate or Rates, AfiVftinent or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Expence of the Summons (if the same shall not have been before paid) and War'ant, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, which shall be found either within the said Parish or elsewhere; and if within Five Days next after any such Distress shall be made, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or AftefiTments, with all Arrears due thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of the said Summons (if such Summons shall nochave been before paid for) and Warrant, and of making such Distress, and keeping such Goods and Chattels, the said Collector or Collectors, Constable or Constables, Headborough or Headboroughs, Beadle or Beadles, shall cause the said Goods to be appraiicd by one of more Appraiser or Appraisers, and to be. Ibid.

or such Part or Parts thereof, as shall be sufficient to pay the faiu Rate or Rates, Aftcliinent or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges aforesaid, and the Charges of appraising and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made by him, htr, or them.

XXIV. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, For levying and who may be rated and aficflVd for the Relict of the Poor of the Rams from laid Parish, may, before the Payment of the Sum which may be rated c!uir"

on them respectively, quit and leave their Grounds, Dwe lirg houses, mo^g'ouc Shops, Warehouses, Coach house-, Stables, Cellars, Vault.-, buildings, of the Li-Tenements, or Hereditaments, and remove out of the said Farish; Be m*tJ-it therefore further enacted, That when any Person or Persons wlto hath or have been so rated and assessed, ft all quit or be about to quit his or their Lands, Grounds, Houses, hops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, ienements, or Hereditament, bclore he, she, or they shall have paid the said Rate or Aflfcflf-nient, and snail afterwards rtfule to pay the fame when due, and de-\Lqc. G1 Per.] b' V manded

722

Ratis payable Twen-«y-one Days before Quarter Day.

For better

Recovery of Rates on Houses let at small Rents, or to Weekly Lodgers or in separate Apartments, or furnished Lodgings.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

manded by the Collector or Collectors authorized and appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, that then in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or One of them, Oath being made by him or them thac he or they hath or have Cause to suspect thac such Person or Persons is or are removing, or hath or have removed his or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant (according to the Form and Effect in the said Schedule) under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to grant) and such Warrant being first backed and conntersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty, to which such Person or Persons shall have removed (which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign) to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the said Rates Or Assessments, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be) after having deducted the reasonable Charges and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in order to avoid the Loft which frequently happens by Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, quitting and removing from the same before the Quarter Day on which the Rates or Assessments charged by virtue of this Act on the said Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall become due and payable, it shall and may be lawfultd and for the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, to demand and receive, Twenty-one Days before every such Quarter Day, or at any other subsequent Time, the respective Rates and Assessments which would be due and payable on such Quarter Day; and in case of Non-payment thereof, to enforce the Payment of such Rates and Assessments in the same Manner, and with the fame Powers, as in the case of the Non-payment of such Rates and Assessments upon or after the Quarter Day on which the fame would have become due and payable.

XXVI. And whereas there are divers Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, let at small Rents, or to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or entirely let out in Lodgings or separate Apartments, or let ready-furnished, and the Collection of the Poor Rates from such Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments, is attended with much Difficulty, and has frequently been evaded, so that much Loss has on that Account been sustained by the said Parish; for Remedy whereof; Be it enacted, That where the Yearly Rent or Value of any such House, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall not exceed Twelve Pounds, or where the Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be let to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, and the Rents thereof shall become payable and be collected at any shorter Periods than Quarterly, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them (if they shall think proper) to compound with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of all and every or any such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish, for the Payment of the Poor Rates, at such a reduced Yearly Rental as the said Directors shall think reasonable, so that such Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not rated at less than Two*Thirds nor

more

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 723

more than Four-Fifths of the Rack Rent at which the same shall then be let, or of the Annual Value of the said Premises respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of such Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as shall not exceed the Yearly Rent of Twelve Pounds, or as shall be let to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, and from whence the Rents shall become due and be collected at any shorter Periods than Quarterly, is and are hereby required to enter into such Composition with the said Directors; and in cale such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, shall object to enter into such Composition, he or they shall from thenceforth be-deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such Premises, and shall thereupon be rated to, and from Time to Time shall pay or cause to be paid, the Rates or Assessments charged upon their respective Premises, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, according to a fair and equal Assessment by the said Directors, unto their Collector or Collectors for the Time being, who are hereby authorized and empowered to collect the fame; and upon Non-payment thereof, to levy the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords,

Owner or Owners, of the respective Premises aforesaid, wheresoever they shall be found, or of the Person or Persons inhabiting the fame respectively: Provided always, that no such Landlord or Owner shall be charged with or liable to pay for any increased Rent, reserved or made payable to him for or on Account of such Landlord or Owner having agreed to pay the Rates heretofore chargeable upon the Occupier; and where any House, Tenement, or Hereditament, shall be let out in Lodgings orleparate Apartments, or ready-furnished, the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of all such Premises, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be rated to, and pay the Rates or Assessments in respect of such Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish*

XXVII. Provided always, That the Goods and Chattels of any FerJ Tinants i;aJ son or Persons renting or occupying any such House, Tenement-, of'bletopay Hereditament, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Poors Rates of which Rat-s, and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, is or are hereby made dadoftthe subject or liatle to as aforesaid, shall be liable at all Times to be dif- Rents, trained and fold for Payment of so much of the said Rates or Assessments, and of all Arrears thereof which accrued and became due upon the said Premises during the Time of their Occupancy only: Provided also, that each and every such Occupier or Occupiers, who shall pay such Rates or Assessments, or upon whom the same shall be levied,

shall and may from Time to Time deduct the fame from the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to the respective Landlord or Owner (unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant); and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Tenant or Occupier, and to his, her, or their Landlord, for lo much Money as he, she, or they shall pay in the Manner directed by this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Rate, Tax, or Lsndlordsto Assessment, which shall be made or imposed by virtue of-ihis Act, for or p<y for Amin respect of any House or Tenement, Coach-house, Stable, or Heredita- ^a£°r*

ment, 00 es*

724

Persons re-

Money rated and assessed on them, and other Persons do enter and teeiing occupy their Lands, Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parc of them, to pay a Year, by Reason whereof great Sums of Money may be Annually due Propor- j0jj- . jjc jc therefore further enacted, That where any Person or Per-settled bybC sons conie into or occupy any Land, Ground, House, Shop,

Justices/ Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, in the Paid Parish, out of or from which any other Person, rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall be removed, that then every Person so having removed from, and every Person so coming into or occupying the fame, shall be liable to pay such Rates or Assessments, in Proportion to the Time that such Persons occupied the fame respectively, in the same Manner, and under the like Penalty of Distress, as if such Person so having removed had not removed, or such Person fb coming in or occupying had been originally rated and assessed in such Rates; which said Proportion shall, in case of dispute, be settled by any Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex (not being Directors) whose Determination shall be final.

Directors

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to>?urthafc to anc* ^or ^>rei^ors for the Time being, or any Thirteen or

Ground, &c. more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to treat, contract, and agree with the Owner or Owners of the Whole or any Part of the Scite of Ground on which the present Workhouse and the Premises thereunto belonging now stand, for the Reversion in Fee thereof, after the Expiration of any Lease or Leases now subsisting and held for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish; and also to treat, contract, and agree with the Owner or Owners of, and with all other Persons interested in, any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, adjoining to or abutting Northward on the said Scite of Ground on which the present Workhouse, and the Premises thereunto belonging now Hand, for the Purchase in Fee of so much of the said Lands or Grounds, (not exceeding Four Acres) Tenements, or Hereditaments, as the said Directors, or any Thirten or more of them, shall think necessary, in case it shall be resolved by the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, at some Meeting convened for thac Burpose, and, after due Notice thereof given in the Manner herein-before directed, to enlarge the present Workhouse, and the Scite of Ground on which the fame, and the Premises thereunto belonging now iland, rather than provide a new Workhouse in any other Situation-; and in case the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, at any such public Meeting convened at aforesaid shall resolve to prefer some other Situation within the said Parish as more convenient fur such Workhouse, then and in such Calc it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, to treat, contract, and

agree

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

ment, which any Ambaffadoror Resident, Agent or other Public Minister of any Foreign Prince of State, now doth or hereafter shall inhabit or occupy, shall be paid by the Landlord or Owner of every such House or Tenement, Coach-house, Stable, or Hereditament, who shall be liable and compellable to the Payment thereof; and the same shall and may be recovered in the same Manner as any Rates imposed by this Act upon the Owners or Occupiers of any Premises within the said Parish.

whereas Persons freouently remove without Dav'mathe

44- GEORG G11 III. Cap. 4.7

agree with the Owner or Owners of, and with all other Persons interfiled in any other Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and all Buildings therton, in any other Situation within the Laid Parish, which may so appear to the said Directers to be more convenient and eligible for the Purposes of such Workhouse, and to purchase the fame, not exceeding Five Acres, and all Buildings thereon, in the Name of the then Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, who are htreby enabled to accept and take a Conveyance thereof to them, or any Nine or more of them, and their Successors, forever; and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed on for such Purchase or Purchases, to take Possession thereof and to employ the fame in ? such Manner as they shall think proper; and that the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, may cause all Buildings thereon, or on the Ground now occupied by the prel'enc Workhouse, to be pulled down, or altered and repaired, and shall and may erect and build thereon One ur more House or Houses, with suitable and requisite Offices, Outbuildings, and Fences, for the better receiving, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the said Parish, and from Time to Time, as Oc-calion shall require, to alter, enlarge, and repair the fame, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and also from Time to Time to purchase and provide suitable and necessary Furniture for the fame; and the Consideration Money for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the Expence of erecting, building, or converting any such Buildings.rn Addition to or for the Purpose of a Workhouse as aforesaid, and furnishing the fame, and all other Expences to be incurred by the said Directors for the Time being, or by their Order or Direction, in or about the Execution of this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid and defrayed by the said Directors out of the Monits to be raised, levieo, and received by them from Time to Time, in Manner hereinafter directed.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Con- No Contract

tract or Agreement shall be entered into for the Purchase of, any Land ;° entered or Ground belonging to any Director of the Poor of the said Parish, or ,*

which, in case he has ceased to be a Director, did belong'to him at any cJIOund with Time during his k ontinuance in such Office, for the Purpose of erecting any Director, a new Workhouse on such Land or Ground, unless Two-Thirds in Number of the Directors assembled at any Meeting to be called for

that Purpose, in Manner herein mentioned, and confirmed by Two-Thirds of the Directors assembled at some subsequent Meeting, in Manner heuin mentioned, at each of which Meetings at lead Thirty Directors shall be present, shall concur in the Propriety and Expediency of entering into tuch particular Contract, and shall declare the fame by some Special Kefolution at such public Meetings to be entered in their Book ot Proceedings, and subscribed by their respective Names, in their own Hand-writing.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Directors DlreAors to shall reiolve, as aloiciaid, to purchase Ground or Buildings in some dispoteof other. Situation within the lain Parish, which may appear to them more wo-kiio fe convenient than where the present Workhouse (lands, or adjoining &e whe°n ’ thereto, for the Purposes of a Workhouse, and shall have completed new one pur-such Purchase, and provided a new and proper Workhouse on the chafed.

[Lot, £? /Vr.] 8 X Ground

*7 24-

How Directors are to proceed in making new Purchase, and building new Work-house.

Bodies Politic, Ac. empowered to fell Land, &c.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 4-7.

Ground or in the Buildings so purchased, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Nine or more of them, to let, or fell and disposeof the present Workhouse belonging to the said Parish, and the Ground and Buildings adjoining thereto, and uted or occupied therewith, according to the several Natures or Tenures thereof, for the belt Price that can be got for the fame, by public Auction, and apply the Monies arising from such Sale to the Purposes of this Act; provided that Twenty one Days previous Notice be given in Two or more of the public Newspapers, of the Time of such Auction being held.

XXXTU. And be it further enacted, That previous to the Purchase of any Ground or Premises by the said Directors for the Purpose of providing a new Workhouse, a Valuation of the Ground or Premises so to be purchased shall be made by Two or more able Surveyors, and not Partners upon Oath, delivered in Writing, and signed by the Persons making the same, to the said Directors, at some Meeting to be held for the Purpose of receiving the lame; and after such Valuation and Purchase, the said Directors shall not begin to build a new Workhouse until a proper Plan shall have been advertised for, and agreed to by a Majority of the said Directors (not being less than Thirteen in Number present) of which Meeting Twenty one Days Notice at lead shall be given in the said Parish Church of Saint Panras, and in the Chapels in which such Notices have been usually given, on a Sunday immediately after Divine Service in a Morning, nor until an exact Eliimate shall be made of the Expence of erecting and finishing such new Workhouse according to the Plan to be agreed upon as aforesaid, nor until a proper Agreement or Agreements shall be entered into by One or more able and experienced Workman or Workmen, with Two sufficient and retponfible Sureties on his or their Behalf, for the due hxecution and Performance of such Works as shall be contracted for and agreed upon for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for all Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trultets and Feoffees in Trull, Husbands, Guardians, and Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, Executors, Administrators, or other Trullees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or under any other legal Dtfability or Incapacity whatsoever, wiio is, are, or shall be seised of or in any-wile interesttd in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall he thought nrcvff.iry for the Purposes aforesaid, to contiaft and agree with the said Directors for the Sale thereof, and to sell and convey to them, or to any Person or Persons, or their Heirs in Trull for them, all or any such Lands, I enemencs, and Hereditaments, for the Purposes aforesaid, at or for lu- h Tr ce or Satisfaction by Annual Payment, or Sum of Money in grols, as shall be agreed upon between the said Directors and the Perl’-m or Persons seised of or inte-relled in lu h Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid, or as shall be ascertained by a Jury as hereinafter mentioned; and every such Contraft, Agreement, Sale, and Conveyance, shall be va-

44° GEORGII in Cap. 47. 727

Fid to all Intents and Pufpofesr any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money agreed upon between the said Directors and the Person or Persons feiled of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or interfiled therein, or to he ascertained by a Jury as hereinafter mentioned, or upon the Directors giving Security for such Satisfaction, all and every Person or Persons claiming or to claim any Estate or Interest in such Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereupon be diverted of all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest therein, and the same shall from thenceforth become, and is and are by virtue of this Act, absolutely vested in the said Directors and their Successors, for the Purposes aforesaid, any Law, Statute, or Usage, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands,

Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons whatsoever, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter or Form whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant at Tenantsaf-W<ill, or L^ffee for a Year, or other Person or Persons in Possession of «r Six

any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any ^"nt'l’sd Jfj0* Part thereof, which shall be purchased by or conveyed to the said Di- verp0fl-efljon, rectors as aforesaid, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Pre-rr ifes than as Tenant at Will, or as LefTce by Parole for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall, on the Expirarion of Six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing left upon the Premises, or so soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Directors, or any other Person or Persons authorized by them, or any Nine or more of them, to take Possession thereof; and in ca!e any such Person or Persons shall rtfule to give such Possession, then it shall be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Nine or more of them, to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Middlesex, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons refuting, to give Puffflion as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be How Pur-agreed to be paid lor any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchase Money cha ed, taken, or tiled by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the ^h°enapplle<1' Purposes thereon, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Co- amounting vert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability to or execed-or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money ing

shall, in case the lame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hun- ble^toCorpo-dred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of ration, &c. England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be piaced to his Account ex *7 farte

728

Where left than £.100, and e\ceeding £.10.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

parte the Directors for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Or^er made upon a Petition to be preferred in a I'ummary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or afi. fefting other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Ul'cs, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invelied, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or Inch of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be veiled by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce thereof shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would lor the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby dirtfted to be purchased, in cale such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, belong to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum o( Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in aii such Cases the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner, herein-before dirtfted, or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Nine or more of the said Dirtftors (such Nomination anu /Vpp;obation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating anti approving Parties) in cider that such principal Monty, and the Intcieit and Dividends ari-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 729

sing therefrom, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dirtftion or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where Where left such Money so agreed to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be than £.20. Jess than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Directors, or any Nine or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively to the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the fame were not actually purchased and settled, pursuant to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or In case of not Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the aking °ut Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall to be paid not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction into the of the said Directors; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such o^der Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be 0° Court of found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Chancery, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [de~ fcrthing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or other-wile, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Diljribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to their respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Ca-Ihiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any TV">‘c*'rg to Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to *Ilom the be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity t'uru,aic [Loc, & Per.] i> T of

73° 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Money shall of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfumce of where any this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-Qneilion ments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or

/halt ariie Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank

touching the Annuities to be purchased with such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Empowering

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by ihe Court of Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Chancery to Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Li"Expen" or Here<^itaments> to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, cestobepaid the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court Thai deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Directors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors, or any Thirteen or more of them, at any of their public Meetings, may contract or agree with any Person or Persons for making Bricks upon any Ground which may be purchased pursuant to this Act, and for providing Materials for erecting and finishing the Whole or any Part of any Workhouse hereby authorized or directed to be built, together with all requisite Outbuildings and Fences thereto; or for altering or repairing the present Workhouse or Premises thereunto belonging, or any Tenements or Hereditaments that shall or may be purchased in pursuance of this Act; and for providing from Time to Time such Furniture, Goods, Chattels, Provisions, Cloathing, Ucenfils, and Materials, as may be necessary or requisite for maintaining, cloathing, and employing the Poor to be received into the said Workhouse; and all Contrast, to Contrafts and Agreements made and entered into by or between the intowih'jn said Directors, and any other Person or Persons whomsoever, relating s to any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done or performed in Execution of this Act, shall be reduced into Writing, at the Expence of the Parties with whom such Contrafts or Agreements shall be made by the said Directors, and signed by the Parties thereto, and shall be good, g* valid.

fcv the Di-refturs.

Dire ."tors may make Contrafts.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 731

valid, and binding, as well upon the said Directors as upon all other Parties thereto, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and in case of Breach thereof, Actions and Suits may be brought, maintained, and defended, and Damages and Cods recovered thereon, against the Party or Parties refuting or neglecting to perform the tame.

XLIII. Provided always, That previous to the Day appointed for Twenty-on the Meeting of the said Directors for making any Contraft whatsoever, Day* Notice Twenty-one Days Notice at leatt of the Time and Place of the Meet- " |‘.'en

ing appointed for making any such Contraft, shall be given in Two to make or more of the Daily Newspapers, expressing the Purport of every such Contract. Contraft, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame, may make Proposals for that Purpose to the said Directors, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice.

XLIV. Provided also, That no Contract or Agreement whatsoever No Contrail made by the said Directors, shall be good, valid, binding, or effectual, eonfirmid at until the same shall be approved and confirmed at their next Meet- a fobiequenc ing to be held in pursuance of this Act, and signed by the Chairman Meeting, presiding at such Meeting.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Property in all and every Fumitnre, the Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions, Cloaths, Linen, and fc"

Wearing Apparel, Tools, Utensils, Materials, and Things whatso- {h^Poor, of ever, to be from Time to Time had, bought, procured, and provid- verted in Died for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, and for carrying into redors. Execution the several Purposes of this Act, shall be and the lame are hereby vested in the Directors of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, and their Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, who are hereby empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall (leal, take, or carry away all or any such Goods, Chattels, Furniture, Provisions,

Cloaths, Linen, and Wearing Apparel, Utensils, Materials, and Things whatsoever, the Property of which laid Goods, Chattels, Furniture,

Provisions, Cloaths, Linen and Wearing Apparel, T ools, Utensils, and Things, shall be laid in any such Action or Indictment to be the Property of " The Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlejcxand every such Action and Indictment shall be brought or laid in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, and so laid, shall be good in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall Contrails to cauie Copies of all Contrafts made in pursuance of this Act, and all beenrendin Receipts, Payments, and Disbursements of the said Directors, in Exe- a Bauk-cution of this Act, and all Debts and Credits, and every Matter or Thing relating thereto, to be (airly written, and entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and all and every such Book and Books, and also the Book and Books herein-before directed to be kept for entering the other Acts and Proceedings of the said Lireftors, shall from Time to Time, and at all convenient Times, be open to the Inspection and Perusal of all and every Person or Person-> wl.o shall pay to the Poor Rates in the said Parish, on Payment of One Shilling to the Clerk or Person in whole Custody the fame lhad be.

XLV If. And

732

Appointment of Au* ditors.

44 GEORGII HI. Cap. 47.

Xl.VII. And be it further enacted, That on the Fourth 7‘uefday next after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and other Parishioners of the said Parish of Saint Pancras, and they are hereby required, to meet in the Room then appointed for the holding of Vestries (of which Vestry, and the Purpose thereof, the said Churchwardens for the Time being are hereby lequired to cause Notice to be given in the Manner as herein-before directed, on the Sunday next preceding the holding thereof) and then and there to cleft Seven fit and substantial Eloufe-holders of the said Parish (not being Directors) Four of whom shall be a Quorum, to act as Auditors of the Accounts of the said Directors, each and every of which Persons so elected shall be rated and assessed for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, for Premises of which they shall be Owners or Occupiers, at the Rent or Value of Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and shall take and subscribe an Oath of the like Purport and Effect to that herein-before required to be taken by Directors, and shall not be beneficially interested in any Contraft, Office, or other Matter whatsoever, respecting the Maintenance or Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, or arising from or created by this Act; and the said Auditors so chosen and appointed as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required, to meet in the Room where Vestries shall be held on the Second Thursday in the Month of July in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and four, at which Meeting, and all adjourned Meetings of the said Auditors, the said Directors are hereby required, by their Clerk, to produce and lay before the said Auditors an Account in Writing of all Monies which shall have come into their Hands, and also of all Monies paid, laid out, and expended by them in or about any of the Purposes of this Act, and in or about the obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution, or other Expences directed by this Act to be paid from the Time when they began to act as Directors, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June then next preceding the Meeting of such Auditors; and so on 1Tuefday next after Easter Week in every succeeding Year, after the present Year One thousand eight hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and other Parishioners of the said Parish, and they are hereby required, to meet in the Room appointed as aforesaid for the holding of Vestries (previous Notice of such Vestry, and the Purpose thereof, having been given as herein-before directed) and to elect Seven fit and substantial Householders of the said Parish (of whom Four shall be a Quorum to act as aforesaid) each and every of whom shall be rated and assessed as aforesaid, and shall take and subscribe the Oath above required, and shall have no beneficial Interest whatsoever in providing for or managing the Poor of the said Parish, or in any Contraft or Office, and shall noc then be nor in the preceding Year have been Directors under this Act, to be Auditors of the Accounts of the said Directors, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year preceding up to the Twenty-fourth Day of June in the same Year in which they shall have been so chosen and appointed; and the said Auditors are hereby required to meet as aforesaid on the Second Thursday in the said Month of July next alter their Election and Appointment, and to adjourn as they may think fit; at which Meetings and Adjournments the said Directors shall, by their Clerk, produce and lay before the said Auditors an Account

733

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Account in Writing of all Monies raised by virtue of this Act, and of3ll Sums of Money received by them, and all'o of all Monies paid, laid out, and expended by them, wich all proper and necessary Vouchers for the fame, in or about 2ny of the Purposes of this Act, from and after the Time up to which the Accounts of the said Directors were last audited and settled; and in case the said Auditors so to be elected as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall think there is jult Cause to disapprove or reject any or all of the Accounts so to be presented as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Auditors, or such major Part of them, if they shall think fit, to appeal to the next General or next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex; and the Jufhces at the said General or Quarter Sessions are hereby empowered to hear and determine every such Appeal or Appeals, in such Manner, and to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem just; and no Appeal against the said Accounts shall be allowed or proceeded in except the fame be brought or directed to be brought by the said Audit rs, or the major Part of them, ac some such public Meeting as aforesaid; and for their Assistance in investigating the said Accounts, the said Auditors are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think fir, to employ some fit and able Person to be their Accountant for the Time being, and the said Directors are hereby authorized and directed, on the Requisition of the said Auditors, to pay to such Accountant for his Trouble a Remuneration not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Director, Treasurer, No DireAor Churchwarden, or Overseer of the said Parish, nor any Person in any to h°|d J*1'y Manner connected in Business with any such Director, Treasurer, con*

Churchwarden, or Overseer, of the said Parish, shall hold or enjoy cernedinany any Contraft, or Place of Profit or Advantage created by this Act, or Contraft, under the Powers hereby given enter into or be in any Manner beneficially interested or concerned in any such Contract or Agreement as aforesaid; and in case any Director, Treasurer, Churchwarden, or Overseer, or'any Person in any Manner connected in Business with such Director, Treasurer, Churchwarden, or Overseer, shall hold or enjoy any such Place of Profit or Advantage, or enter into or be in any Manner, directly or indirectly, beneficially interested or concerned in any such Contract or Agreement as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereinafter is mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of provid- For borrowing for the Expences of purchasing Ground or other Buildings, and of 1DS oney‘ erecting or enlarging, finishing and furnishing the Workhouse and other necessary Offices, to be provided under the Authority of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Eleven or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Rates next hereinafter mentioned, so that no greater Rate of Interest than Five Pounds per Cen~ turn per Annum be paid for the same, and by Writing under the Hands of any Eleven or more of the said Directors, to charge the Rates or Assessments next hereinafter mentioned, with the Repayment thereof, to the Person or Persons advancing or lending such Sum or Sums of Money, as his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, together with Inline. fcf Per.] 8 Z terest

734-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

terest for the same; and every such Charge may be according to the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the fame Effect; and every such Charge shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

..on- L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for tero" r'le Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, on be made to Behalf ol themselves and the other Directors for the Time being, or pay Con- for any Nine of the said Directors, and they are hereby authorized d°anH an<^ rc<4u>re<^» Once in every Year, to make as herein-before is men-I'remifes for tioned an additional Rate or Assessment, not exceeding Two Pence in builaing the the Pound, on all Buildin'gsor Premises, Lands, Tenements, or He-Workhouse. reditaments, rateable to the Poor under this Act, over and above any Rates or Assessments which may be made for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, which additional Rate or Assessment, not exceeding Two Pence in the Pound, shall first be made after the Expiration of Six Calender Months from and after the pairing of this Act, and shall be paid by the Collector or Collectors thereof in Manner herein-before directed to the Treasurer appointed by the said Directors, and shall be appropriated only to the Discharge of Contrafts entered into by the said Directors for purchasing Ground or ocher Buildings, and erecting or enlarging, finishing and furnishing the said intended Workhouse and other necessary Offices, and so on in every Year, the said Additional Rate or Assessment not exceeding Two Pence in the Pound, shall be in like Manner paid as far as the same shall be collected, to such Treasurer as aforesaid, and appropriated to the said distinct Purposes, and no other whatsoever; and in cale there shall be found any Surplus in the Hands of such Treasurer, or of the said Directors, arising from the said additional Rate or Rates, over and above what may have been required to satisfy and discharge all such Contrafts as aforesaid, then such Surplus shall go and be applied in Diminution of the Principal of the Debt to be incurred for building of the said Workhouse, or relating thereto, in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

Power to transfer Securities.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed and raised, and their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time, by Writing under their Hands, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever, which Transfer may be made by Indorsement on such Securities in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, in the Form contained in the said Schedule, or in any other Words to the fame Effect j and Copies of all Securities which shall be given in pursuance of this Act, and of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Directors, to which Book or Books any Person or Persons interested shall at all seasonable Times have Acceis, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Ece or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Security or Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry of any such Security or Transfer, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given or made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be entitled to the Benefit thereof in proportion to the Sum therein mentioned, and shall be

Creditors

735

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Creditors on the said Rates or Assessments equally one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money.

LII. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the Monies to be Persons who may advance and lend Money upon the Credit of the pa'doffby Rates or Assessments made by virtue of this Act, Be it further enacted, Ballot*

That it shall be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Nine or more of them, at any of their Meetings, to cause the Numbers of all the Securities for Gross Sums which shall be then due and owing to the Creditors on the said Rate, to be written on separate Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size; and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Manner as near as may be, and put into a Box, and that so many Numbers of the said Securities shall be drawn ouc of the said Box by the Clerk to the said Directors, in the Presence of the said Directors, or any Nine or more of them, as shall make up the Sum then intended to be paid off, which Numbers he shall then read and deliver to the Chairman at such Meeting, who shall cause the same to be entered by the Clerk in the Minutes; and that Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing, or printed, and signed by the Clerk to the said Directors for the Time being, shall be given to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to such Security or Securities so drawn out, or shall be left at his, her, or their last or mod; usual Place of Abode, that his, her, or their respective Security or Securities, Principal and interest will be paid off, and that at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of such Notice given or left as aforesaid, all interest on such Security or Securities shall cease and determine, unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and all the interest thereof to the End of the said Six Calendar Months, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall and Addons to b« may sue and be lued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, brought in and the said Clerk shall always be deemed che Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit, as the Case shall be; and if the Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action, he shall have full Costs, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgment are now by Law levied and recovered, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, or Wager ot Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Clerk, being Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to be received by the Directors by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

LIV. And whereas many Persons maintained inParish Workhouses refuse to work, or are guilty of profane cursing or swearing, or Drun-kenness, or of embezzling or purloining, or other Misbehaviour, and by the Laws now in being, no Puniftimenc can be inflicted upon them without committing them to the House of Correction or Common Gaol, which Commitments have not been found to answer the Pur-

Directors may punish the Poor who are idle, or mifbebare themselvea.

7 3&

Encouragement to the industrioua Poor.

Penalty on baying Cloaths far-rished for the Poor*

No Spirituous Liquors to he carried into the Workhouse.

Form of Conviction,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

poles thereby intended; Be it therefore further enabled, That if arty Poor Person maintained in any Workhouse belonging to the said Parish of Saint Pancras shall embezzle or purloin any Part of die Apparel provided for or belonging to the said Workhouse, or any Materials or Things provided in or for the said Workhouse; or be guilty of profane cursing or swearing, or of Drunkenness, or of any lewd, immoral, or indecent Behaviour, or shall refuse or neglect to perform the Work or Service which he or she shall be required to do, or shall be remiss therein (such Work or Service being suited to his, her, or their Age, Strength, and Ability), it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, to cause such Person or Persons so offending to be pumshed in such Workhouse, either by Distindlion of Die; or Dress-, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contaty notwithstanding.

LV. And, to the End that all the Poor in the said Workhouse may be encouraged to apply themselves with Diligence to the Labour or Tasks in which they may be employed; Be it further enacted, That out of the Profits arising from the Work which shall be done by the Poor, such Rewards shall be distributed to the industrious and skilful, in proportion to the Quality and Perfcdlion of their Work, as to the said Di-rectors shall appear reasonable.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, shall knowingly buy, receive into pawn, or secrete any of the Cloaths or Wearing Apparel o( the Poor, who at any Time shall be received into and maintained in the said Workhouse; or any of the Goods or Materials carried into the same to be wrought up, manufactured, and used by the Poor therein; or any of the Goods or Furniture thereof; or any of the Provisions allotted or provided for the Poor of the said Workhouse, every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, norless than Forty Shillings upon Conviction, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, which Penalty, when paid or recovered, shall go, One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the said Directors, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Spirituous or strong Liquors shall be conveyed into the said Workhouse of the said Parish, unless with the Permission of the Paid Directors, or by the Special Order of the Apothecary appointed to attend such Workhouse j and every Person who shall be convicted of any such Offence before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middie/ex, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, who is and are hereby declared not to be an incompetent Witness or Witnesses by being an Informer or Informers.

LVIII. And, for tKh more speedy and easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be

2* drawn

73 7

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47*

drawn lip in the Form mentioned in the said Schedule, or in any other Words to the fame Lffed.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all poor Children who shall at Children to any Time be maintained by the said Directors, shall be and remain un- bc aPPren* der their Care and Government until they arrive at the Age of Four- ticed’ teen Years, and after attain ng that Age. or loontr, if the said Directors shall think fit, the said Directors may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to bind and put f irth, with the Consent of Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Pezce for the said County of Middlesex not being Directors, any such Children as Apprentice to any reputable Person, where they shall lee it convenient, to be taught any Art, Trade, Mystery. or Occupation, or in any Handicraft Bufintfs or Manufacture, or to be employed in the Sea Service, or in Farming and Husbandry, as the said Directors shall think most suited to the Strength and Capacity of such Child or Children, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or until such Child (being a Male) shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, or (being a Female) shall attain the Age of Fighteen Years, or 1 ay of Marrhge; and that every such Writing shall be mutually binding as an Indenture between the Master or Mistress, and Apprentice, .*nd shall in all Kefpeds be in Force and Fiffeft, according to the Laws in Force concerning the apprenucing of poor Children whose Parents are not able to provide for them; and that the said Directors shall, and they are hereby required, to provide necessary Cloathing for every such Apprentice upon his or her being bound as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors may, and Children they are hereby empowered, todileharge out of the said Workhouse or may be ditto hire out, either before or as soon as may be after any Child rha shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Years, any of the poor children in the said Workhouse, for One Whole Yeir at the least, for the Benefit of such Child or Children; and also before such Age, to hire out any such poor Child or Children 5 and also any other of the Poor within the said Workhouse, to work and labour in the d ime of Hay and Corn Harvett, or at any other Time, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, for such Sum and Sums of Money, and for such Time or Term as the said Directors, and the Person or Persons hiring such Poor, shall agree and determine; and the poor Person so hired out,

shall do and perform the Work and Labour ttipulated and agreed to be done, to the belt of their Power; and alter such Woik shall be completed and finished, shall, without Delay, return to the said Workhouse, with their Working Implements (if any) and the Apparel with which he, she, or they went out to work (Allowance being made for reason-able wear) or in Defaulc thereof, shall and may be apprehendtd by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, and conveyed back to the said Workhouse, to be employed as aforesaid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Pondtles by this Act imposed, the Recovery and Application whereof is not say be re-particularly described, shall, upon Proof of the Offences relpeclivciy wTr'm'd’ before any Justice of the Peace for the said County, either by the Con- ooc Vultice.

[Lee. £j? Per.] 9 A fession

738 44-" GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

session of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, who is hereby authorized and required to grant such Warrant or Warrants, and to administer all such Oaths; and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale (such Charges to be settled by the said Justice) are received and deduced, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of

Penalties such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, when

how applied, so recovered and paid (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act} shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Directors, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the Poor in the said Workhouse, or in otherwise putting this Act in Execution; and, in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding ThreeCalrndarMonths, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all Charges as aforesaid, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Appeal.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Afilffment or Assessments, or by any other Matter or Thing done or directed to be done or committed by or by Order of the said Directors in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may apply for Relief to the said Direders, ar any Meeting to be held within Three Calendar Months next after such Matter or Thing done or committed by or by Order of the said Directors; and such Directors, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem necessary; and if such Person or Persons shall noc be satisfied with the Determination of such Directors, then he, she, or they may, within Fifteen Days after such Determination of the said Directors, and upon Ten Days’ Notice in Writing to be given to their Clerk, of his, her, or their Intention, appeal to Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex (not being Directors) at any Petty Sessions; and such Justices are hereby authorized to hear and determine every such Appeal in such Manner, and to give such Relief in the Premises, as to them shall i'eem meet: Provided always, that if any such Person or Persons shall not be satisfied with the Determination of such Justices, then he, she, or they may appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County next after such Determination of the said Justices, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days’ Notice at least, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, to the Clerk to the said Directors, and within Two Days next after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance in the Sum of Twenty Pounds before a justice of the Peace for the said County (noc being a Director) conditioned for prosecuting such Appeal, and to abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at

739

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid, and of entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the causes and Matters of such A| peal in a luminary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Justices at their General or Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on Appeal from the Rates to be made for the Purposes of this Act, the Juf tices shall and may amend the lame in such Manner as may be necessary for giving Relief, without quashing or altering such Rates with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fame; but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate it shall be found necessary to set aside the lame, then the Justices shall and may order a new Rate to be made in the Manner herein-before directed.

LXIV. And whereas in Cases where One or more Justices of the Peace is or are empowered, by the Laws in being, to order any poor Person to be admitted into the Workhouse of the Parish to which he or she may belong, such Provision has been frequently abused to the Purposes of Idleness among the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Pancras, great Numbers of whom, instead of maintaining themselves by their Labour, do, under various frivolous Pretences, gain Admission into the said Workhouse, bywhich Means it has been often over-crowded with Numbers, and the Parishioners have from thence been uni.eceflarily burdened with great Expences; and it would tend greatly to discourage those Abuses, and to diminish those unnecessary Burdens, with equal Benefit to the Poor, if, in certain Cases, a reasonable Discretion were given to the said Directors of the Poor of the said Parish to relieve any such poor Person at his or her own Habitation, instead ot admitting him or her into the said Workhouse; Be it therefore further enabled, That from and after the passing of this Act, on any Summons issued by One or more Justices of the Peace to the Churchwardens or Ovrrfeers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Pancras, to attend and shew cause why any poor Person should not be admitted into the Workhouse of the said Parish (which Summons shall be considered as regularly and duly obeyed if attended by One or more of the said Directors of the said Poor, or b'y any Person or Persons duly appointed for that Purpose, by Writing under the Hands of the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, in 1 ke Manner as if the fame had been attended by the said Churchwardens or Overseers of the said Poor) if on shewing such Caulc, it shall appear that the Workhouse of the said Parish is then as full of poor Persons as is consistent with Health, or that Sickness then prevails in it, or that the poor Person seeking such Admission only labours under some temporary Disorder or Disabifity, and is neither Lunatic nor crippled, nor specially infirm with old Age, then and in any of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors of the said Poor, ac their Discretion, to relieve such poor Person at his or her own Habitation by a Weekly Allowance in Money, not exceeding Five Shillings, and by providing proper Medicines, or Medical Advice and Assistance, as the Case may require, to such poor

Person,

Justices may relieve upen Appeal against Ra’es, without quashing the whole Assessinenr.

Directors in certain Cases to relieve the Poor at Home, in-Arad of receiving them into the Workhouse.

74o 4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Person, as long as the same shall be necessary; and such Weekly Allowance shall continue to be paid by the said Directors until it shall be certified under the Hand-writing of the Medical Person so attending, that such poor Person is enabled to maintain him or herself; which Certificate, being produced and laid before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, he or they is and are hereby empowered and required to make an Order that such Allowance do thenceforth cease and be discontinued; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Justices to

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where One or proceed on more Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are empowered by the Laws Directo-s" 0°^ 'n being, to Pr°coed on 'he Complainc of any Churchwarden or Over-Persons ap- ^eer 'he Poor of any Parish, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice

pointed by or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required,

them. to proceed on the Complaint of any One or more of the said Directors,

or of such Person or Persons as shall have been duly appointed, by

Writing under the Hands of the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, for that Purpose, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Complaint had been made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the said Parish.

How Va-

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any poor Person grants are to or persons> or any Vagrant or Vagrants, shall he ordered to be removed their "efpec- frorn 'he said Parish of St. Pancras to the Parish or Place of his, her, or tive Panlhes. their legal Settlement, it shall be lawful for the said Directors (if they think fir) to cause such poor Person or poor Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, to be respectively removed in the usual Manner of removing Paupers or Vagrants, by a Beadle, or some Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Diretflors, or any Five or more of them, for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands; and every Overseer of the Poor, or other proper Officer of the Parish or Place to which such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, shall be ordered to be removed as aforesaid, is hereby required to receive every such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, in like Manner as he and they would have been bound to do if such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, had been delivered to him, her, or them, by One of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Pancras , any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Orders and

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching

Proceedings or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Aff, Hiall be quashed or vacated for Deleft or Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record^at V/efiminster or elsewhere; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, such Distress shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parcies making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form, or any other Irregularity in the Summons, Conviction, Order, Warrant, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the

Party

not to be quashed for W3nt of Form.

74*

44-' GEORGII III. Cap. 47*

Party or Parries making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Tref-paflfers, ab in:t 0 on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage only in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences of Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and parting of this the Act to be Act, or carrying the fame into Execution, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the Rates levied or to be levied for the Maintenance of the Poor of the Paid Parish, or out of the first Monies which shall come into the Hands of the said Directors, or their Treasurer, by virtue of this Act.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing Actions. done in pursuance of this Act, or any of the Powers hereby given, or anyw-ife relating thereto, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been thereof given in Writing to the Clerk of the said Directors, nor after Satisfaction or Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made; and every such Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if it dial I appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or if such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or after Satisfaction or Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made, or after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have and be entitled to the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other Cafe by Law.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed Public Act, to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

[Lot. y Per.]

9B

The

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47

The SCHEDULE Referred to in the foregoing ACT.

No. 1.—W ARRANT of DISTRESS for Nonpayment of the

RATES.

hhJdliftx, I 5To the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Collectors of the Poor to wit. j Rates of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and to all Constables and other Peace Officers for the same Parish.

WHEREAS the under-mentioned Persons, now or late Inhabitants, Holders, Landlords, Tenants, Occupiers, or Enjoyers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part of :'ome Building or Tenement within the said Parish of Saint Pancras, were and are truly rated and assessed, or liable to the Rate and Rates duly made for the Purpose of an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [£e/ forth the Title of the Act,: AND Whereas the said Persons have refused or neglected to pay the several Sums of Money, at and against their Names hereunder respectively set down, for Money due from them for or towards the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and the said several Sum and Sums are still remaining due in Arrear, and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the said County j and the said several Persons having been summoned to appear before to answer the Premises, as also appeareth to

the said Justice upon Oath, and

nor either of them having shewn any sufficient Cause why such Sum or Sums of Money should not be paid-, THESE are therefore, in His Majesty's Name, to will and require you, or either of you, forthwith to levy the said several Sums due from the said Persons, and hereunder joined to, or set against their Names respc-ftively, by Diitrefs and Sale oi their respective Goods and Chattels (such Goods and Chattels being kept for the Space of F’ive Days before the same are fold) rendering to them respectively the Overplus (if any be) the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Sale and Keeping, being fittt de-dufted; and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that then you certify the same to us, to the End such further Proceedings may be had therein, as to the Law doth appertain: And we do hereby ftriGtly charge 3 and

743

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

and command all and singular the Constables and offier His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said County, to be aiding and affifttng in all Things relating to the Premii'es. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our

Lord

Sums Doe.

A. B £ s. d.

c. D

E. F. the Landlord for divided -

G. H. -

N° a___WARRANT of DISTRESS for Non-payment of the

Balances in the Hands of the Collectors, Mailer or Millrefs of the Workhouse, Churchwardens, or Overseers of the Poor.

MiJMcfex, 7 To the Constables, Headborcugbs, and Beadles of the Parish of to wit. 5 Saint Functus, in the said County, and to every or any of them.

WHEREAS One of the

Collectors of the Poor Rates of the said Parish, duly elected to such Ofike under and by virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, intituled, \_set forth the Tide of the A8~\; [or, A.B. Mailer of the Workhouse belonging to the Poor of the said Parish; C.D. Mistress of the said Workhouse; One of the Churchwardens of the said Parish; or, One of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, as the Case may be~\ have (or, hath) refused or neglected to pay over the Money remaining in their or his Hands, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as directed in and by the said Act: AND Whereas it appeareth unto us and

Two of His Majesty's Justice? of the Peace in and for the said County, that the Siam of

now remains due and owing from the said to the Directors of the Poor of the said Parish; and that the said

have (or, hath) refused or neglected to pay the fame, as directed by the said Act; THESE are therefore, in His Majesty's Name, to will and require you, or either of you, forthwith to levy the said Sum of

so remaining unpaid as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of them (or, him) the said which shall be found either

within the said Parish or elsewhere, such Goods and Chattels being kept for the Space of Five Days before the same are fold, rendering to them (or, him) the said

the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

the Overplus, if any be (the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Sale, and Kteping, being first deducted); and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that then you certify the lame to us; to the end such further Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain: And we do hereby strictly charge and command ail and Angular the Constables, and other His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said County, to be aiding and assisting in all Things relating to the Premises. Given under our Planets and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

- t

I 1 li

N° 3.—WARRANT for Want of DISTRESS of GOODS of the Collectors, Master or Mistress of the Workhouse, Church* wardens, or Overseers of the Poor.

M'MUftx,) To all Condables and other Peace Officers for the County of to wit. i Middlesex, and also to the Keeper of the Common Gaol of the said County, or his Deputy.

WHEREAS One of the

Collectors of the Poor Rates; A.B. Master of the Workhouse belonging to the Poor of the said Parish; C.D. Mistress of the said Workhouse; One of the Churchwardens of the said Parish; or One of the Over-

seers Of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Pancras in the said County, duly elected to such Office, under and by virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of the AR\; [or,

One of the Churchwardens of the said Parish; or, One of the Overseers of the Poor

of the said Parish] refused or neglected to pay over the Money remaining in their [or, his) Hands, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as is directed in and by the said Act: AND Whereas it appeareth unto us and

Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County, that the Sum of

remained due and owing from the said

to the Dirtftors of the Poor of the said Parish, and that the said

refused or neglected to pay the fame, as directed by the said Act; Wrhereupon We, the said Justices, granted our Warrant, bearing Date the Day of

to levy the said Sum of

on the said by Distress and Sale

of their [or, his) Goods and Chattels, rendering to them [or, him) the Overplus (if any): AND Whereas

One of the Constables of the said County, to whom the said Warrant was delivered to be executed, hath made a Return of the said Warrant, and certified to us, that upon Enquiry or Search, it appeareth

' 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

peareth unto him, that the said

have (or hath) not any Goods or Chattels, whereof a sufficient Distress could be had or taken, to levy the said Sum of

and the said Sum is (till due and unpaid: THESE are therefore, in His Majesty's Name, to will and require you the said Constables, and other Peace Officers, and every of you, to apprehend the said and them

(or, him) safely to convey and deliver to the Keeper of the Common Gaol of the said County, or his Deputy, together with this our "Warrant, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until the Day of unless they (or, he) shall have paid the said

Sum of as aforesaid; and We

do hereby also command you, the said Keeper or Deputy Keeper, to receive the said into your laid Common Gaol, and them (or, him) safely to keep, until the Day of

unless they (or, he) shall have fully paid and satisfied the said Sum of and all reasonable Charges

attending the Recovery and Receipt thereof. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

No. 4—WARRANT for not rendering an Account.

MiJJle/ex, I rfo ,// Constables, and other Peace Officers, for the County to wit. i 0j M jddlesex, and also to the Keeper of the Common Gaol

of the said County, or his Deputy.

WHEREAS (or.

One of the Collectors of the Poor Rates of the Parish of Saint Pan-eras, in the said County] duly elected to such Office under and by virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of the Abf\ [or, A.B. the Master of the Workhouse, belonging to the Poor of the said Parish) C.D. the Mistress of the said Workhouse; or.

One of the Churchwardens of the said Parish; or.

One of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish] refused or neg-lested to make up and render a full, true, and perfect Account in Writing, verified on Oath, of all Monies by them (or, him) received and paid, for or on Account of

and to pay over the Money remaining in their (or, hi') Hands, to such Person or Persons, in such Manner as is directed in and by the said Act: THESE are therefore, in His Majesty's Name, to will and require you the said Constables, and other Peace Officers, and every of you, to apprehend the said

and them (or him) safely to convey and deliver to the Keeper of the Common Gaol of the said County, or his Deputy, together with this our Warrant, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until the Day of unless they (or, he) shall have previously

made up and rendered a true Account in Writing, verified upon [Loc.tfPcr.\ 9 C Oath,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Oath, of all Monies by them [or, him) received and paid by virtue of their [or, his) Office as aforesaid, or otherwise for and on Account of and until they (or, he) shall have previ-

ously paid such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to be remaining in their (or, his) Hands, and to be due to the said Directors as aforesaid: And we do hereby also command you the said Keeper, or Deputy Keeper, to receive the said

into your said Common Gaol, and them (or, him) safely to keep, until the Day of unless they (or, he) shall have previ-

ously made up and rendered the said Account, verified upon Oath as aforesaid, and fully satisfied and paid such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to be remaining in their (or, his) Hands respectively, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery and Receipt thereof. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

Day of in the Year of our Lord

No. 5.—CONVICTION.

BE it remembered. That on the Day

of in the Year of the Reign of

is convicted before ot His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, by virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \_set forth the Title of this Act] specifying the Offence). Given under our Hands and Seals (or, my Hand and Seal) che Day and Year aforesaid.

No. 6.—NOTICE of APPEAL.

IN PURSUANCE of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of this Act] WE do hereby give you Notice, that we intend to appeal to the next Sessions of the Peace, to be holden [if by Adjournment, then those Words to be added] at

in and for the County of Middlesex, against the Order, Conviction, or Determination [as the case may be] of

Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, whereby they have [fating the Matter intended to be appealed against.] Dated the Day of

No. 7.—F ORM of SECURITY for MONEY borrowed at

INTEREST.

BY virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [set forth the Title of this

AH

747

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Act~\: WE, the Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, in Consideration of the Sum of advanced and lent to the said Directors by upon the Credit,

and for the Purposes of the said A cl, do hereby charge the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of the said Act, and the several Sums of Money to be raised thereupon, within the said Parish, with the Payment unto the said

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the Principal Sum of and Interest at per Centum

per Annum, to be paid Half-Yearly from henceforth. Witness our Hands the Day of

No. 8.—FORM of ASSIGNMENT of SECURITY.

I, the within named in Consideration

of the Sum of to me paid by

of in the County of at or before the

signing hereof (the Receipt whereof I do hereby acknowledge) Do assign and transfer the within Security, and all my Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, and the Money thereby secured, unto the said his Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns. Witness my Hand, the Day of

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

1 bi ',1 i VO , i liij v>,» »

*«J ,;--i ®.A! VI *> J J: / . !.| vi f*.

" ' - ! - .(.... _ :.* V < ' '

’ ' ' .

- i ':

r . y.'

tap. ji a w 3fb

)£ a.IJ to

ojrrj bill ft ' i y*. Ir^ij L».it ,j i »-1 J . i- - lifetn.

'V > ¥ ’ S» ’* - ’

,103. . if

’j ^act

I. t«l bifcl 'Mil

a. . . . i.

-j; - ' .'J J

-r . I-.-. i

\ " V.

-If

r

GEORGII III. REGIS.

* + 4

Cap. 48.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventh and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for the amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned; and also for amending* widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor.

[5th June 1804..]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the yG. j. Reign of His prefcr.t Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending. repaying, and widening, fez era/ Roads in the Counties of R-uinor and Hereford, several Tolls or Duties, 3nd Poweis, were granted for rtpaiiing and wirienii g the said Roads for the Term of Twenty-one Years and from ihence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

[Lee. fc?Per.]_ 9 D And

1

75°

4 G.j.

Kew Roads defcished.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

And whereas another Act was passed in the Twmry-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said recited Act, and for amending, widen* ing, and repairing several other Roads in the said Counties of Radnor and Hereford therein mentioned: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and elected by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded from Time to Time to carry the fame into Execution, and have made confuf rable Progress therein, for which Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are dill due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls , and the fame, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied; but the said Roads cannut be kept in Repair, nor the Sums of Money borrowed as aforesaid be repaid, unless the Terms of the said Acts be continued, and l'ome of the Powers and Provisions thereof, which are found inconvenient and defective, be altered and amended, and further and other Powers and Authorities granted: And whereas the Roads leading from the Town of Knighton in the County of Radnor, to a Place called Pontvain Brock in the Parish of Knighton, also the Road leading from Knighton aforesaid through Knucklafs and Hey of to Llandnoy, Yftradtnny, and Llanbifter, in the said County of Radnor, and also the Road leading from the Biacksmith’s Shop at Monoughty in the Parish of Blethvah to the Village of l.langunllt, also the said Road leading from the Town of Prejliir.gne through Difceyd and Cafcob to Llydi-ydrain Gate, in the Parish of Llanvibangtl Rhyditbon in the said County of Radnor, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts too narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and in the Winter and wet Seasons dangerous to Passengers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, diverted, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and the said Roads communicate with the Roads comprised in the said recited Acts, and might be conveni* cntly amended and kept in Repair if the fame were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for carrying the said recited Acts and this Act: into Execution: May it therefore please Your Majesty that ft may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, (except such as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties,) shall be and continue in full Force and Efftft, and be levied and executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample Manner, and as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Acts were herein repeated and re enacted; and that as well for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, as for amending, widening, a'tering, and diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said several Roads herein-before and herein-after mentioned anddeferibed; that is to say, the said Roads leading from the Town of Knighton in the County of Radnor, to a Place called Pontvain Brook, in the Parish of Knighton; also the Road leading from Knighton aforesaid through Knucklafs and Heyop to Llandrwy, Yfiradenny, and Llanbif-ttr, in the said County of Radnor; and also the Road leading from the Biacksmith’s Shop at Monoughty in the Parish of Blttbvab, to the Village

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 48, 751

of Llangundo; also the said Road leading from the Town of Prefeingni throug\Dffcoyd and Cafcob to Llydi-ydrain Gate in the Parish of Lhnvi-bangel Rbyditbon, in the said County of Radnor; which said additional Term is hejeby declared and enacted to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, with such Rate of Intereil as they respectively bear, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, and all Inteieft due or to grow due for the same.

H. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Bebee, Francis Bodenbam, New Trustees. Joftph Blijfett, Job Baugh, the Reverend John Biffel, John Cooper, Chatles Cornwall, John Cheese, Edward Chambers R.bert Davies Clerk, Thomas Davies, James Davies, Tompkins Dew, Morgan John Evans, Thomas Evans of Treburvab, Samuel Evans, the Honourable Andrew Foley, Thomas Foley, Thomas Fowler, John Freeman, John Fletcher, Thomas Galliers George Green, David Griffiths, Marmaduke Howell, Thomas Gwynne, Francis Harris, John Harris, Anthony Henderson, Samuel Hodson, Wslham Hi gens,

Herbert Hill, James Jones, James Jones Junior, Edward Jefferies, Charles Lawrence, John Lawrence, Thomas Lewis Junior, John Lilly, IVtlham Matthews, Edward Meredith, John Matthews, David Moythan, Joseph Pember, Robert Bell Price, Charles Humphreys Price, Thomas Price, John Davies Price, Penry Powell, the Reverend Samuel Phillips, Richard Price,

James Pugh, LeonardParkinson, Leonard Parkinfou Junior, James Perry,

Thomas Perry, Charles Rogers, Edward Rogers, John Russell, the Kevecnd James Scott, Bright Smith, Thomas Strangward, John Clark Stephens,

James Spencer, John Stallard, Edward Stallard, Stephens Stephens, Hu ff)

Vaughan, Richard Urwick, William JVall, Henry Wellington, Richard Wellington, the Reverend John Wall, Walter Wilkins Juni >r, John Webb Wcf-ton, John Benn Waish, Thomas Walbeof, John Whitaker, and John Williams Junior, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees of thelcveral Roads com-ptifed in the said recited Acts and this Act, and shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or elected in pursuance of the said recited Acts for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, as fully andclfedually, to all Intents and PurpolM, as if the several Persona herein-before named had been appointed Trustees by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And whereas the Tolls by the said recite! Ad of the Seventh Repealingdd Year of the Reign of His present Majesty authorized to betaken on the *o<i said Roads, have been found insufficient effectually to maintain and repair n the fame, and pay the Interest of the Money borrowed, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hunJred and four, all and every the Tolls granted by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall be, and are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Personsas the said Trustees, or any F.ve or mofe them, shall from Time to Tone authorize or appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse or other Cattle, Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Ca'r, or other Caniige, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes,

Toll

752

Trustees to have a Power to take further Toll on Sunday,

Tolls veiled

in Trustees.

44." GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Toll Gate or Toll Gates, now erected and set up, or hereafter to be erected and set up, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, and of this Act, on the said Roads, such Tolls as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, not being less than the Tolls hereby repealed, and not exceeding the several and respective Sums of Money herein-after mentioned; that is to say. For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or Beast of Burden, laden and unladen, and noc drawing, Three Halfpence: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other B act of Draught, except Oxen and horned Beasts in Pairs, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Four-pence: For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Caiavan, Chair, Hearle, or Litter, Four-pence: And for every Score of Cattle, Ten-pence: And for every Score of Swine, Calves, Sheep, or Lambs, Five-pence: And so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number: And for every Pair of Oxen or horned Beasts drawing abreast or in Pairs, Four-pence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, to cause to be levied and collected, at the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates now erected and set up, or hereafter to be erected and set up, upon the said Roads, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall authorize or appoint for that Purpose, such Tolls as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, not exceeding Double the Tolls by this Act granted, for every Hoise, Bead, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage as aforesaid, passing on every Sunday through the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, except such Harfes or Other Beads or Carriages as shall be used and employed in carrying or conveying IVi k only; and from Time to Time to alter or vary the fame in such Manner as they shall deem expedient, so as nor to be leis than the Tolls herein-before granted, nor more than the said Double Toll: Provided always, that no Alteration shall be made in the said Sunday Tolls, unless at a Meeting of the Trustees to be held for that Purpose, of which Meeting and the Time and Place of holding the fame, Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, have been affixed on all the Turnpike Gates erected on the said Roads, and inferred in some Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the said Counties, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting shall be held.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Tolls hereby granted shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers as are contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, with respect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, but subject nevertheless to this Act, and chc Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions herein contained.

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thar the said Trustees shall, and tbry are hereby directed and required, in fixing, and also from Time to Time in al eiingor varying the said Tolls hereby granted, to fix, alter, and vary the lame, so that tuch Tolls shall be fixed, and at all Times demanded and taken in an equal Degree at each of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erc&ed or ro be erected on the said Roads whereat Tolls shall be ordered or authorized to be collected and taken, and so as that no higher Toll shall be drmmded or taken at any one or more of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates whereat Toll shall be so demanded and taken than at the others or other of them, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timbtr, Wood, Gravel, or other Material', for repairing of the Paid Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, nor sold or disposed of, but pairing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horlrs, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Compolt, or Manures, except Lime, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper parochial Church, Chape), or other Place of religious Worship toleiattd by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or minilferial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Car-tie, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty’,- Pollmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage artending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal P. ff-s; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or PalTenger on Horsebatk, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, on the Day or Days of such Elettion, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin

[Loc. fif Per ] 9 £ or

753

Tolls to be taken equally.

General Er-emptions.

754-

No Tolls to be paid for Coals on the Roa<J from Pont'uain Brook to Knighton,

Repealing

Provitlon

respeiiing

Gates.

Further Po-v-er to appoint General Meetings.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the lame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exiend or be construed to extend to repeal any Exemptions from or Abatements of Toll granted by the said recited Acts, or either of them, except as herein specially directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate or Bar to be erected upon or across the said Road leading from the Town of Knighton to Pontvain Brook, for any Horse, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage uled in going unladen, and returning loaded with Coals only to the said Town of Knighton; the said Road not containing more than Half a Mile in Length.

IX. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is amongst other Things enacted, That in case there shall be Two or more Gates or Turnpikes erected in, upon, or across the said Roads, or any or either of them, wi-hin Ten Miles of the several Towns of Prejieingne, Radnor, Rayader, or Knighton, or eiiher of them, or in any or either Parts or Places of the said Roads within the Distance of Ten Miles from each other, any Person or Persons having before paid the Toll or Duty granted and made payable by this Act ac eiiher of the said Gates erected within the said Distance of the said Towns of Prejieingne, Radnor, Rayader, and Knighton aforesaid, or either of them, or within Ten Miles Distance of each other, and producing a Note or Ticket that the said Toll or Duty was paid at any of the said Gates, wh'ch Note or Ticket the Collectors are hereby required to give gratis, shall not be liable to pay any other Toll or Duty for the fame Carriages or Cattle, or any other Thing whatever for which any such Toll or Duty shall have been paid at any such ether Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erected in pursuance of this Act within the Distance of Ten Miles of the several Towns of Prejieingne, Radnor, Rayader, and Knighton, or of each other, on the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night: And whereas it wduld be beneficial if so much of the said Act as is herein recited was repealed; be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of the said Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as is herein recited, shall be and is hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees appointed by the said recited Acts and this Act or otherwise, or any Seven or more of them, to appoint a Generil Meeting or General Meetings to put in Execution the said recited Acts and this Ad at the Town Hall of Prejieingne, in the said County of Radnor, at any Time or Times that shall be thought expedient for the more effedoal Execution of the Putp fes of the said recited Acts and this present Act, over and above the General Meetings appointed to be held by the Did reiited Ad made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His prel'ciu Majesty, provided that

75S

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

that any Seven or more of the said Trustees shall, a' lead Twenty Days before the Time to be appointed for such General Meeting or Meetings make a Requisition to the Clerk of the said Trustees for the Time being in Writing under their Hands, to give Notice thereof, and provided such Notice, with the Name of the Clerk < f the said Trustees let thereto, shall be fixed on all the Turnpike Gates erected by virtue of the said recited Arfts and this Act, and shall also be inserted in some Newspaper or N'ewf-papers circulated in the said Countie., of Radnor and Hereford lead Ten Days previous to the Day on which the said General Meeting or Meetings shall be appointed to be held , and the Trustees so assembled at such General Meeting or Meetings shall proceed to the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this Act in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- tion»her« chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, which exceeding shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Per- ' fonor Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments), in the Purrhife or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debe or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, assessing the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or assessing other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, handing settled to the fame cr the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Courr, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and lettled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the fame Manneras the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efted; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Lid Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Th ee Pounds per Centum Consolidaied, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be pakl tty Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Teriements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in cale fitch Purchase or Settlement were made.

I

756 +4° GEORGII III.- 48.

whenthe°n XII. ^>rov'<^e^ always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Compensation agfeed or alT. (Ted to be paid for any Lands, Tenemenis, or lleredita-loo/Vnd" menti purchased, taken, or uled, for the Purpol'es aforesaid, and belonging ceeding *u to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as alinsaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundrid Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Case1, the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, to be figmfied in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, f such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before dirrfted, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

whePnTi)eCn

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money

Money is less so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than

Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profirs of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of

Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act or the said recited Acts, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Muncy so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties imeiefted in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Difpcfition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim

to

In case of not making out Titles;

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

subject to the Order of the Court ot Chancery, oa Motion or Petition*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 757

to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or other*ife as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and investec] in the Publick Funds, and to order Dilbibution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eftare or Estates, Title or Inrereft, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Pre-miles as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable -, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid,

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise Whereany^ touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank touching of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General the Title to of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this pJSd^' the Ver-Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or son who shall of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- 1 laments, ro be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities Lauds to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest "* such^ur* of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in chafe, shall be Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of titledCtheretc, such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or according to under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken ^hPoflef-to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-mt nts, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such PolTeffton was a wrongful Possession, and that Tome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to feme Estate or Interest therein.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason jrhe^"7 of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, realbnab'eEx-entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased un- pences ,.f Pur-der the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the he*

fame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied Trustees. in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such

758

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Ex-

prnfes of procuring and passing the said recited Acts and this Act, and all Culls, Charges, and Expences incident thereto, and in procuring a sufficient Number of printed Copies of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Use of the Trustees, shall in the first Place be paid and satisfied out of the Tolls to be received at all and every of the Gate or Gates erected, or to be erected, by virtue of the said recited Act", and this present Act, or out of any Money borrowed, or ro be borrowed, on the Credic thereof, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, at their first Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, shall direct or appoint.

lick Ac*. U "

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and adjudged and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Cent 1 n U - TIT A r\A k. turrli.i* «n, Al*rt Tlllt , ll f. T'o r HI ftrr.nr.a 'f n cl AnMnn.fi

cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations and Additions herein-before mentioned,', and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be exercised for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahak, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the New Wall on the Parade in the Township of Castleton, in the Parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone in the Township of Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the I. °*1; Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effec-

tually repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Bedes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Beffes of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge; and a'so the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Prest with; all in the County Palatine o/Lancaster; whereby the said Road was,divided into Three Districts, and a certain Part thereof therein described, was called The Rochdale Dislriil: And whereas the

Cap. 49

[5th *June 1804.]

[Loc.tf Per.]

9G

said

762

T ru'teet.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

said Act hath been put in Execution for the Repair and Amendment of the Road comprized in the said Rochdale District, but the fame cannot be amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof, so far as relates to the said Rochdale District of Roads, be altered, amended, and enlarged; and it would be more convenient 10 the Trustees for executing the said Act, and beneficial to such Road, if the said Act, so far only as the fame iclates to the said District, were repealed, and further and other Powers granted for the amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in the said Act called The Rochdale District: And whereas thar Part of the said Road which lies between the Town of Middleton, in the said County, and the Town of Manchester aforesaid, is Very circuitous and incommodious to Travellers and Carriages, and it woulj be a gieat Benefit and Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if a Deviation or a new Line of Road were made from or from near the Market House in the Township of Middleton aforesaid, by or near Alkrington Park, Blakeley Chapel, Harpur-Hey, and Qllyburjl Delph, to or near to the Top of a certain Stieet in the Town of Manchester aforesaid, called The Shade Hill: But the several Purposts aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: May it theieloic please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellenc Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confine of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Eighth Day of June One thouLnd eight hundred and four, the said recited Act, so far only as the fame relates to the said Didr ft of Road therein called The Rochdale District, shall be and the lame is hereby declared to be repealed; and that on the same Day this Act shall commence and takedfeft in lieu and instead thereof, and shall be put in Execution for and durirg the Term hereinafter mentioned, for the Purpose as well of amending, widening, altering, dive: ting, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Rochdale District ol Road, as also for amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or from near the Market House in the Township of Middleton aforesaid, by or near Alkrington Park, Blakeley Chapel, Harpur-Hey, and Cdlyhurst Delph, to or near the Top of the said Stieet in Manchester aforesaid, called Shade Hill; and this Act, and the Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject to the Payment of all Monies which have been borrowed, and are now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said District of Road called The Rochdale District, as fully and dfcftu.illy, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due nd owirg on the Credit of or on Ac^ounc of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That James Ackers, James Archer Clerk, Samuel Ashton, JcJepb Andrew, R chard Aljop, Champion Bray, William Bamford, James Bradcck, Michael Bentley, Daniel Burton, Emanuel Matthew Burton, William Buckley, Thomas Bellas Clerk, John Buckley, Richard Clowes, James Cooke, James Dearden, Thomas Drinkwater, John EntwiJU, John Entwijle the younger, John Edge, Richard Atherton Farrmtot, Michael Wrtgley Ferrabee, John Fddes, Jonathan Fildes, William Fox, Thomas Garner, Richard Gould, the Honourable William AJLtton Harbord, the Honourable Edward Harbord, Sir Watts Horten Baronet, Robert Gregge Hop-wood, James Holland, James Hu mcr, John Hamer, Robert Holt of

Chamberhouse,

763

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Chambrrhouse1, Ralph Holt, Francis Holt, William Hodgson Clerk, James Holt, William Haffal, Jams Hey, Thomas He shaw, Thimas Johnson, Samuel Jonesr William Jones, John Kearjley, John Lever, John Lees, John Leaf, James Lancashire, Joftah Lancashire, John litllewood, t ie Warden and Fellows of Mamhtjler for the Time being. Sir Qfwald Mofsley Baroner, the Rector of Middleton for the Time being, Robert Mirkland, Charles M'Niven, the Honourable E ... . Perceval, Jtfepb Ptckford Clerk, Alxander PatUrfon, Joseph Radcliffe of Mills Bridge, the Vicar of Rochdale for the Time being, (harlcs Rider, James Rcyds, Thomas Ro)ds, the Right Honourable Edward Smith Stanley, commonly called Lord Stanley, James Stnrky, Henry Street field, Jacob Sclolei; Robert Stboles, Charles Smi h, Thomas Smith, Benjamin Smith, Isaac Smith, John Taylor, James Taylor of Bl kelrv, John Taylor, Joseph Tomlinson, Thomas Hippon Vavafour, John Walmsley, John Walmsley the younger, James Walker, Thomas Wood, and Joseph Wngley, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner hertin-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Trustee herein-before named, or ro be elected as herein-aftrr mentioned shall die, or by Writing under his Hand, refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, totleft One other Person in the room of every Trustee so dying or refusing to act, but Notice of the Ttme and PLce of every such Election shall be given by the Clerk to the said Trusteta, by affixing the fame in Writing on all the Turnpike Gates to be continued or errfted by virtue of this Act, and also by inferring the fame in One of the A/.»-chester Newspapers (if any such shall be then printed) or in Come other Newspapers circulated in the said County, at least Fourteen Days before every such Meeting,; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee or Trustees in Manner aforesaid, is and are hereby verted with the fame Powers and Authorities for putt ng this Act in Execution, as if he or they had been named a Trustee or Trustees in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustie in the Execution of this Act, whilst he shall hold any Place of Profit under the fame, nor in any Case w herein be shall be personally interested, otherwise than as a Creditor; nor shall any Person be qualified to act as a Trustee, unless at the Time of his acting therein he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of h;s Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real Estate, in Law or, Equity, firuate in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir apparent of a Person having such Estate of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Estate aline, or Real and Personal Ellate together, to the Amount of Three thousand Pound5, nor (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned) until be shall have taken and subscribed, before any Five or more of the said Trofttes, an Oath, in the Words or to the Effect following j (that

Election of newTiufteei-

Qualification ot Trustees.

7«+ +4® GEORGfl III. Cap. 49.

Oath.

I A.B. do swear. That I truly and bendfide am, in my own Right [or,

in the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment [or,

Receipt} of the Rents and P ofits of a RealEftare, in Law or Equity, ‘ situate in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the clear yearly Value of

One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, £or, am Heir apparent of C.D. 1 who, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, is possessed of such an

Estate of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, or, am pof-

Iefled of, or entitled to, a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal

Estate together, of the Amount of Three thousand Pounds.}

'So help me GOD.»

etinglcnot And any Pe son unqualified by any of the causes aforesaid, or not quaiiherf, orif being qualified as before-mentioned, or who shall not either reside within or po* e^ielfof Four Miles of some Part of the Road by this Act directed to be amended, an e it are diverted, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, or shall not have such Fom an Estate as aforesaid, situate within Four Miles of some Part of the said

the said Road. Road, shall nevertheless prefome to act in the Execution of this Act, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall for evey such Offence forfeit and pay the S im of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be reiovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in His Majesty's Court of Common Plea' held in and for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, by Action of D' bt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any further Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

Mortgagees may art.

Trustees being Justices mav art

such.

Trustees may sue and be filed in the Name of their Clerk.

Clerk to be paid hit Expence].

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Mortgagee, or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Act or this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified, or be defeated from acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided also, that all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustets, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, and that no Action which may be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, or by the Adl of such Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the said Trustees; but that such Clerk or Clerks shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk shall be reimbursed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act. all such Colts, Charges, and Expences, as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

Time and

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Meeting of*1 more ^em, meet together at the Boar's Head Inn, in Middleton the Trustees. aforesaid.

765

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

aforesaid, on the Twenty-first Day of June next, or as soon aftet.as cotj» veniently may be, between the Hours of Ten and Two of the Clock, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and that the said Trustees shall and may adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and may meet at such Time at the said Bear’s Head Inn, or any other convenient House within the Distance of Three Furlongs of the Parish Church of Middleton aforesaid, as they shall think proper; provided, that if at any Meeting the re shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, {Two Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only,) or in case the said Trustees at any Time assembled shall not adjourn themselves, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees shall, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then crested on the said Road, at lead: Seven Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the House where their then last Meeting was or should have been held, or at some other convenient House within the Limits before mentioned, on that Day Three Weeks next after the Day for which such last Meeting was appointed; and in case the said Clerk' shall neglect or omit giving Notice as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) at any Time or Times after the Space of Seven Days from such Omission, by Notice in Writing under their Hand , to be affixed in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some convenient House within the Limits aforesaid, upon that Day Three Weeks next after the Date of their said Notice; and that the said Trustees shall Trustees to at all their Meetings defray their own Expences; and all O ders and Ex^ences at*"1 Determinations of the Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be Meetings, made at Meetings to be held in pursuance thereof, and not otherwise (except in Cases hereby particularly provided for); and that no O der or Determination shall be made unless the major Part of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and thatali Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, relative to this Act, which are directed to be done, made, or had, by or before TTuitees. the said Trustees, shall and may be done, made, or had, by or before any Five or more of them, (except in such Cases where any other Number is herein named); and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, done, made, or had, by or before such Five Trustees, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were done, made, or had, by or before the whole Number of the said Trustees; and in all Cases where the said Trustees, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, are authorized to examine May admi. any Person at Petlbns on Oath, it shall be lawful for such Trustees, or nifttr°*ths* Justice or Justices of the Peace, to administer such Oath.

V1U. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by Five or Orden not to more of the said Trustees, shall be revoked or altered unless at a Meeting butby°Truf. to be h id for that Purpose, of which intended Alteration Twenty-one tees.

Days Notice at kaft (Lati be given at a previous Meeting of the said Trustees, and entered in their Book of Proceedings; and such Notice, specifying. the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, and the Time and Place of the Meeting, shall be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which shall then be ereifte’d on the said Road, Fourteen Days at leaf! before the said Meeting; and unless a Majority of the Trustees present at such Meeting (such Majority to consist of Nine at the lead) shall concur therein.

766

Meetings on Emergencies.

Orders and Proceedings of the Trustees to be elite! ed in Books.

Officers to be appointed.

Silanes to be allowed.

No Victualler to hold aPlace of Profit.

Treasurer,

ffc. 10 give Security.

For appointing Ci Hectors in case of Death or Removal.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than that to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the Clerk, by an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Trustees (although not affi-mbled at a Meeting) mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in the Manner before directed, such Time not being less than Six Days after such Notice; and ail Pioceedmgs of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and that such Orders and Proceedings so entered, shall be signed by all or the major Part of the Trustees making the same; and that every such Book or Books shall be open at all fealonable Times to the Inspection of any of the said Trustees, without Fee or Reward; which said Book or Books shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, at their Fiift or any other subsequent Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, or by an Order in the Book of their Proceedings, appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, Ttcafurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as they shall think necessary \ and from Time to Time in like Manner remove such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, and such other Officer or Officers; and on the Death or Deaths, Removal or Removals, of such Officer or Officers, may appoint others in their Stead, but Fourteen Days Notice shall be given of the Purpose, Time, and Place of every Meeting where any such Appointment shall be made, after the First Meeting of the Trustees, on all the Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Road; and the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, by and out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, to give such Salaries, and make such Allowances to such Officers for their Services in or about the making, repairing, widening, diverting, or altering the said Road, or otherwise in putting this Act in Execution, as they the said Trust.es shall think reasonable: Provided always, that no Person shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act, who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Perry, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to take such Sjcurity from the Trea-lurer or Treasurers, and Collectors and Receivers of the Tolls to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as to the said Trustees Hull seem meet.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Death of any Collector of the Tolls, or if any Collector shall neglect his Duty, or be incapable of performing it, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting to be held pursuanc to this Act) by Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to collect

767

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

collect the Tolls, who shall continue in such Office until the Trustees shall (at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act) appoint a Collector of such Tolls, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if any Collector who shall be discharged from his Office by the said Trustees, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of the House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, which he enjoyed in Right of his Appointment to that Office, within Two Days after Notice of his Discharge shall be given to or left at his House, or if the Widow or Family of any such Collector who shall die or be discharged as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of such House, Building, and Appurtenances, within Four Days after having received Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, wich such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with the Goods, out of such House, and to put the new-appointed Officer in the Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and other Per- officer* to fons shall from Time to Time, within Fourteen Days after Notice in Accoant > Writing, signed by the said Trustees or their Cletk, (pursuant to an Order of the said Trustees made at a Meeting held by virtue of this Act,) to them respectively given, or left at their usual Place of Abode for that Purpose, deliver to such Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively received, collected, or had, and how and to whom, and for what Purpose the fame and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts, for such Payments, and that such Officers and other Persons shall verify the Accounts upon Oath, if there- upon Oath, unto required by the said Trustees and such Officers shall, and they are hereby respectively required, to pay all such Monies as, upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts, shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same 9 and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid 9 or if any such Officers or Persons shall refule or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall'appoint, within Fourteen Days after such Notice given as aforesaid, all Books, Account?, Papers, and Writings, in their Custody or Power, in anywise relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, and Complaint shall be made of such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Borough, City,

Town, or Place, where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting, shall be or reside, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Person or Persons to be brought before him; and upon hi?, her, or their appearing,

or

768

Trustees may continue and erect Turnpike Gates.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

or not appearing, to hear and determine the Matter of speh Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Wdness or Wicnefies, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received, be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods and Chattels shall be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truih of such Account or Accounts, or of the Articles thereof, upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road, then and in any of the Caes aforesaid, the said Justice may, and he is hereby authorized an 1 required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol of the County, City, Borough, Town, or Place, where he or they shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have delivered in and settled his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money, which shall appear to be in his or their Hands respectively, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, as shall in that respect have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the fame, and paid the Sum compounded for to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (which Compofuion the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make); or until he or chey shall have delivered up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisiaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress, for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may continue, erect, and let up, or cause to be continued, erected, and set up, One Gate or Turnpike on the said Road, on any Place within the Distance of Four hundred Yards on the Northerly or that Side of the Trubfmilby Brook next to a Place called The Blue Pits, situate in the Township of Cajlleton, in the Parish of Rochdale aforesaid; and also One Gate or Turnpike in or across that Parc of the said Road lying betwixt a certain Building now used as an Inn, in the Occupation of Jofepls Stewart, situate in the Township of Middleton aforesaid, and the Gate leading up to the House occupied by Daniel Burton, also

situate

769

44° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 49*

fitvute in the said Township of Middleton; and also shall and may ere£k and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, One Gate or Turnpike in or across the new or deviated Line of Road, at any Place within the Distance of Six hundred Yards on that Side of a certain Lane called Most Lane, leading up to a certain Dwelling House now in the Occupation of Jacob Tailor, situate in the Township of Alkrington aforesaid, nearest to Blakely Chapel; and also shall and may erect and fee up, or cause to be erected and set up, One Gate or Turnpike in or across that Part of the new or deviated Part of the said Road which will lie betwixt the Southerly Side of the Township of Harpur-Hey, and that Part of the said Road which will be opposite or the nearest to a certain Church {landing in the Township of Manthefter aforesaid, called Saint George’s Church; and shall and may continue, erect, or provide, or cause to be continued, erected, or provided, a Toll House, with convenient Outbuildings at each Turnpike or Gate, and take in and inclose on the Side of the said Road at each such Toll House, a suitable Garden Spot for the fame; and may cause the said Gates or Turnpikes, or any of them, together with the Toll Houses and other Buildings from Time to Time to be taken down, altered, or removed, and set up within the respective Limits before mentioned, but not elsewhere, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge properj and that the several Tolls following shall be demanded and Power to take taken at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, by such Person or Persons ToU*' as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, or other Cattle or Beast, or any Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the said several Gates or Turnpikes;

(that is to say),

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Curricle, T«1W; Cal.ilh, Hearse, Litter, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For tvery Waggon or other Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Niue Inches or upwards on the Bottom or Sole thereof, drawn by Seven or Eight Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Five or Six Horses pr Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and S'xpence; and drawn by Four or a less Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid, and upwards, and under Nine Inches, drawn by Five or Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Four or a less Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-pence 1

For every Waggon or other such Four-wheeled Carriage, with any of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Three Shillings:

, For every Cart or other Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Four or more than Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by [Lae. IB Per.] 9 I Three

7?o 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drattrt by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Cart or other Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence; and drawn by One Horse or Beall of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Cart or other Two-wheeled Carriage, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches as aforesaid, drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Alls, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Scdre; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And, For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Torn to be Which said respective Sums shall be demanded and taken in the Name

treftln cate " or as a Toll; and shall be and are hereby veded in the said Tudees,

of Non-pay- and shall be applied, and may be adigned in such Manner as herein-after ment' is mentioned; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of

any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, whether immediately on the fame becoming due, or at any Time after, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls, by himself or themselves, or taking such Aflidance as he or they shall think necessary, (and which AlEdance all Persons are hereby required to give if called upon by the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls,) to seize and didrain any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, Beads, or any Carriage whatsoever, upon which such Tolls are by this Act imposed, or any other of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame; and if such Tolls, and the reaforuble Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Person or Persons so seizing and didraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle or Carriage, so seized and distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any be) and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and reasonable Charges for didraining, keeping, and felling, shall be deduced and paid; or the fame may be recovered by Action or Suit- in His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas for the said County of Lancafier1 to be brought in the Name of the Clerk to the said Trustees, ortheCol-ledtor or Collectors of the said Tolls.

Toll to be

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who Paffin°nand°r have paid Toll for pading through any Turnpike or Gate erected or repaftfng. to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Toll for

returning

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 77

returning through such Turnpike or Gate before Twelve of the Clock of the Night of the same Day, with the fame Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, in respect of which he shall have paid such Toll, or with the fame Horses, or other Cattle, which shall have drawn any Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage, for which the Toll has been paid at such Gate that Day, if returningwith another Carriage of the fame Description as that for which the Toll has been paid, but shall return Toll-free, on producing a Note or Ticket to the Collector of the Tolls at such respective Turnpike, denoting Payment of such Toll; which Note or Ticket the Collector of the said Tolls is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of such Toll if demanded; but nothing in this Clause contained shall extend or to be construed to extend to exempt any such Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, from Payment of the Toll for passing a Third Time through such Turnpike on the same Day, but the said Toll shall be demanded and paid for each passing through such Turnpike Gate the fame Way as such Horses, Cattle or Carriage went the first Time that Day.

XVIL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees to said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to continue a Turnpike g^Slde Gate or Bar on the Side of the said Road, at a Place called *lhe Blakeley Lane End; and also to erect, set up, and build across any Way or Ways,

Lane or Lanes, leading into the said Road, such and so many Gates or Turnpikes, and a Toll House to each Gate or Turnpike, with suitable Out-buildings, and to take in and inclose a convenient Garden Spot for each Toll House, as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall deem proper, and direct or appoint, and may cause any Side Bars or Turnpike Gates, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, from Time to Time to be made, and to be removed or altered, as any Seven or more of them shall judge proper, any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof iri anywise notwithstanding; and to cause such Tolls to be collected and levied at such respective Turnpike Gates as are by this Act made payable at the Gates or Turnpikes now erected across the said Road; but payment at that no Person or Persons who shall have paid the Toll for passing through si°e Bar ro any Gate or Turnpike erected on the Side of the said Road across any Gate/ ene*1 Lane or Way leading into the fame, shall be liable to the Payment of another Toll for afterwards passing the same Day with the fame Horses,

Cattle, or Carriage, through the Gate or Turnpike erected across or on the Side of the said Road, which such Person or Persons shall next come to, on producing a Note or Ticket, denoting Payment of Toll at such Side Gate, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the Tolls at such Side Gate is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll if demanded.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further erradied. That nothing n0 Side Bars herein contained shall be construed to extend to enable the said Trustees tobeeretted to erect or set up, or cause to be erected or set up, any Gate or Turn- p/rldeVfore-pike on the Side of that Part of the said Road which lies between the said and the Parade in the Township of Cajlleton aforesaid, and the said Gate leading up to the House of Daniel Burton, in the Township of Middleton House o' aforesaid; or to erect or set up any Gate or Turnpike across the End of a certain Turnpike Road leading from the Rochdale Lane End in the Vrl- ae^ftthe’

-lase

772

No Gates to be removed but by Order of the Trustees on jo Days Notice.

Disputes con-cei ning Tolls to be settled by a Justice-

Collector* of Tolls competent Witnesses.

Exemption from Tolls.

silt oi i; o of I

U° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

lage of Heywood, to a Place called The Land's End in the P-irish of Prefix vii.h aforesaid, where the fame unites with the Road hereby directed to be amended, improved, and kept in Repair.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Gate or Turnpike erected or set up across the said Road by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall at any Time be taken down or removed within the Limits before described, nor shall any Gate or Turnpike to be continued or erected on the Sides of the said Road, be at any Time taken down or removed, except by an Order of Seven or more of the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Meet'ng Notice shall be given on all the Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Road, and also m One of the Manchester Newspapers (if any such there be) or in some other Newspaper circulated within the said County, Twenty Days before such Meeting.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen to arise about the Amount of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the lame, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, as the Case may be, until the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of seizing, distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace of the said County Palatine of Lancaster, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter on Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and determine the Amount of Tolls due; and also assess the Charges of such Seizure, Distress, keeping, and Sale, and also of the Collectors and Witnesses Attendance on the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person before he shall be obliged to return the Dif. tress, or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or in case of any Proceeding or Prosecution for the obtaining any of the Penalties imposed by this Act, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Litigation, or Proceeding, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls.

XXII. And belt further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for the Passage of any Cattle or Carriage which shall be going unladen or empty for, or that shall be used only in conveying, or that shall be returning unladen or empty after having been used only in conveying Stones, Brick, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing the said Roadj or any Bridges or Culverts belonging to the said Road, or for repairing any publick Road or Highway within any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places, wherein any Part of the said Road lies; or Dung, Lime, Marl, Soil, Mould, Compost, or other Manure of whatever Nature or Kind soever, to be used in manuring and cultivating of Lands in any

773

4%° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

such Township, Hamlet, or Place, or Hay, Grass, Sainfoin, or other Fodder, Corn in the Straw, or Scraw to be laid up in the Buildings or Premises of the Owners or Proprietors thereof (other than and except Hay,

Corn, or Straw fold, or for Sale) nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or in respeel of any Ploughs, Harrows, or o her Implements of Hui-bandry; norlhall any Toll be taken for any Horlcs or Cattle going to or returning from Stable, Water, or Pasture, nor for any Cattle which shall be going to be, or returning after having been, shoed or tarried; or for any Hories, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in canting the Mails of Letters and Expresscs under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprelTes, or returning back therefrom; or for the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Carriages attending them, laden with their Arms or Baggage, or returning empty after having been so employed; or for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal P-fles; or for any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calafli, Chaise, Curricle, or Chair, or Horses drawing the fame, or Persons on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a K-iight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, on the Day or Days of any such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded , nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Wurship, on a Sunday. or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or going to visit or returning from visiting his lick Parishioners, or from any Person or Persons residing in any of the said Townships or Places, for passing through any of the said Gates or Turnpikes to or from their respective Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship on Sundays, or any ether Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corple, or going to or attending ihe Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Partlhts in which the said Road doth lie; or for any Cattle or Carriage going to or returning from any Corn Mill or Malt Kiln, situate in any of the said Townships or Places, with or for any Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, to be ground, made, or Imelttd, or when so done, for the Owner’s own Use and Consumption, and not for Sale; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid (not being entitled to the fame) every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fire Pounds nor lei's than Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall. Penalty on with any Horfr, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage whatsoever, pass through or Pagetlns over any Land, Ground, Passage, or private Way; or if any Person or tinou^h pri-Perl'ons owning or occupying any such Land or Ground, Passage, or pri- f^evaXig'* vate Way, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass the Toll. ‘ with any Horle, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage, through or over the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person shall forge or counterfeit or shall give to or receive from any other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticket by this [Lee. 6f Ptr-I 9 K ' Ad;

774

Penalty on

fraudulently taking the Benefit of Exemptions.

Trustees may compound for the Tol.s.

No Com portion or Exemption from Tolls, unless in Broad-wheeled Carriages.

Toll; may be varied.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Act directed to be given by the Collectors of the Tolls; or if any Person shall rake off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle or Bf-aft from any Carriage, or having pa(Ld through any Turnpike Gate ertfted or continued by virtue of this Act, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or Bead to such Carriage, with an Intent to esade the Payment of the said Tolls; or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near the said Road, any Cattle or Carriage, with an Intent to evade vhe Payment of the said Tolls, or shall with such Intent, unload any Gaods or other Things from or out of any Carriage; or if any Person or Pei ferns shall do any other Act in order or with Inn nt to avoid the Payment thereof, or any Pa't thereof, every such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for each Offence forfeit any-Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to compound with any Person or Persons for any Carriages, Horses, Beads, or other Cattle, travelling on the said Road, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect thereof, for any Term not exceeding One Year at a Time; and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance, or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and in Default of such Payment the Compofnion shall be void.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Cornpo-fitian shall be made for Tolls, for or in respect of any Waggon, Carr, or such like Carriage, or for any Horses or Beads drawing the lame, unless such Carriage or Carriages shall have the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge of Six Inches or more, and unless such Fellies and the Tire upon such Fellies lie flat (or so as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface) and shall have the Nails counter-funk, so as not to rife above the Surface; nor shall any Compo-fuion be made for Tolls, for or in respect of any such Carriage or Carriages, which, together with the Loading thereof, shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One A A of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, to such Carriage or Carriages, when laden with such Goods as do m t exempt the fame from the additional Tolls thereby imposed; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order all such Carriages to be wtighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities, as areduefted for weighing of Carriages by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, assembled at any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to ldfen or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, and for such Time or Times as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and afterwards, from Time to Time, to advance all or any of the Toll}

775

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

so lessened to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the respective Rates herein-before granted; and to order and direct such Tolls so lessened and reduced, or advanced, to be collected, received, taken, laid our, and applie d for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the Tolls are by this Act directed to be collected, levied, and applied; but no such Reduction shall be made, unless the Ferson or Persons who shall be entitled to Five Sixth Parts of the Money which shall be then owing on the Credit of the Tolls intended to be reduced, shall be contenting thereto; nor shall any such Reduction or Advancement be made, unless Twenty Days Notice at the lead shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon the said Road, and also inferred in One of the Mamlejltr Newspapers (if any such there be) or in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County, expressing the Intention, Time and Place of the Meeting for making such Reduction or Advancement: Provided always, that when and as often as any Alteration shall take place or be made in the Tolls to be collected or received at any One of the said Gates or Turnpikes upon the said Read, the fame Alteration shall be made and take place at the same Time in the said Tolls to be collected and received at every other Gate on the said Road, so that similar Tolls shall be collected at each Gate for such like Horse, Cattle, or Carriage.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, upon Twenty Days Notice to be given thereof upon all the Turnpike Gates which shall be then erected on the said Road, and in any One of the Newspapers printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, from Time to Time, to let or lease the Tolls arising by this Act on the said Road, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take or farm the fame from Year to Year, or fer any Part of the Term granted by this Act, not exceeding Three Years at any One letting, upon publick Bidding, to the best Bidder, and for the best Price the said Trustees can get for the fame, payable at such Time, in such Manner, and under such Covenants, and with such Sureties for Payment thereof, as the said Trustees shall think fit; which Money so to be paid shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls; granted by this Act are directed to be disposed of; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI1T. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes, Toll Gares, Bars, Rails, Toll Houses, and Buildings, now erected, or hereafter to be erected by virtue of this Act, with their Appurtenances, and < f all the Working Tools and Materials for making or repairing of Buildings, or for making, altering, completing, and repairing the said Road, and all other Materials to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, or provided or collected to be made such. Use of, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and they are hereby empowered and authorized to dispose of the same as they shall think proper, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or to prefer or cause to be preferred any Bill or Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall deal,

take

Tolls to be altered at each Gate alike.

Trustees may lease the Tolls.

Turnpikes Toll Houses, Materials, cfc. velttdin the Trustees.

776

Trustees may moitga&e the Tolls.

Form of Mortgage.

Copies to be entered.

Mortgages may be transfericd.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

take away, break, or damage the fame, or any Part thereof, erdiflurb them, or any of their Agents or Servants, in the Possession thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at any Meeting to be held for that Porpole, may, and they are he tby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Jnflrument under their Hands, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be collected and arising by virtue of this Act, and also the Toll Houses, Turnpike Gates, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging (the Charges of assigning the lame to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees on the Credit of such Tolls, to any Person or Persons, his, her* or their Executors, Administraturs, and Aligns, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance or lend the fame, to secure the Re-payment thereof, with such hga’.Interest as the said Trustees shall think proper, which said Money so to be borrowed, shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner, an I for such Purposes as are herein-after mentioned; and that such Motrgage or Moitgages, Alignment or Alignments, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall think proper; (that is to say),

nY virtue and in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

['here inftrt the Title of this Aa~\ We of the Trustees of the said Road, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, in Consideration of

‘ the Sum of to A.B. the Treasurer of the said

‘ Road, in Hand paid by C.D. of do grant,

‘ bargain, (ell, and demise unto the said C.D. his Executors, Admini-

Orators, and Aligns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising upon the said

Road, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame,

as the said Sum of doih or shall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof, or charged upon the

‘ Term of the said Act, to be had and holden by the said C.D. his Exe-‘ cutorr, Administrators, and Aligns, from the Day of

‘ for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless

the said Sum of with Inttreft after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner paid and

fitisfied to the said C.D. his Executor?, Administrators, or Aligns.

‘ In Witness whereof, we have hereunto set our Elands the

Day of in the Year of our Lord

Copies of which Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Align, ment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, or the Money thereby secured, is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Alignment or Transfer under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, tobeindorsed on the Pack of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under hi1, her, or their Hand or Hands, before One credible Witness, to align over or transfer his, her, or their Right and Title to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to

any

44-° GEORGII III. Cop. 49*

any Person or Persons whomsoever, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

T do htfeby transfer and assign this Mortgage [or, a certain Mort-

A gage, yr. as the Case may be], with all my Right and Interest to the ‘ Principal Money thereby secured, and all Interest now due on the fame, unto Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand

the Day of

All which Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Sixcy Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry of such Assignment or Transfer to be made, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, in the Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Alignments, for which the Clerk or Clerks shall be paid the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence and no more, by the Person or Persons to whom such respective Transfer shall be made; which said Book and Books shall and may at all seasonable Times, be perused and inspected by the said Trustees, Mortgagees, or their Assignees respectively, without any Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Transfer shall entitle such AITignee or Assignees, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoins; 2nd it shall not be in the Power of any Person who shall have made such Transfers, to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage or Assignment, or any Monies due thereon.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages now itanding out, that were made by virtue of the said Act, and give and execute another Mortgage or other Mortgages in lieu thereof respectively, in Manner, and transferrable as herein-before mentioned;

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree One with another.

XXXIt. And be it further enacted, That the Cod', Charges, and Expencts, relating to the procuring and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of the Tolls arising on the said Road, or out of the Money to be frrft borrowed on the Credit thereof, and thar, after Payment thereof, the said Trustees shall (rom Time to Time apply the Tolls arising on the said Road (and the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall come to their Hands by virtue of this Act) in defraying the Expences of errdting Turnpikes, Gates, and Toll Houses, and making, repaying, widening, turning, altering, and improving the said Road, and in paying the Interest, and Principal of the Money bor-[Loc. & Per.] 9 L , rowed

777

Form of Transfer-

Old Mortgages may b« called in, and new ones granted.

No Priority of Mortgaged

Application of the Money

i ailed*

778

Trustees may widen and divert any Part of the Road, and make the said Diversion.

Where Persons interested Hewlett or refuse to treat.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49*

rowed, and defraying all other necessary Calls, Charges, and Expences, attending the fame, and carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, in such Manner as the Trustees shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, and to no other Use or Purpose whatl'oever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to widen, divert, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Parc or Parts of the Road comprized in this Adlj and to make the said Diversion herein-before described, and by this A Cl intended to be made and kept in Repair, and that the said Road by this Act intended to be amended and kept in Repair, and the said Deviation, or any Variation of Road, may be made of any. Width not exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Common or Wade Ground, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Grounds or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose by Order of a Meeting of the said Trustees, to treat, contrast, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, and for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, altering, or improving the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardian?, or other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themi'elves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, and all other Persons whomsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons by them authorized as aforesaid, for the Sale of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, for the Purposes of this Act, and to fell, dispose of, and convey the fame, as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding j and that all Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any Person or Persons as aforesaid, interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice in Wnting that the said Trustees, or some Person by them duly authorized and therein named, are willing to treat for the Purchase thereof, to him, her, or them given, or left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands and Hereditaments intended to be made Part of

or

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

or taken and added to the said Road, or through which the said Road shall be turned or made as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Calc the Trustees shall cause it to be inquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County Palatine of Lancaster (which Oath any Two or more of the Trustees are hereby empowered and required to administer) what Damage will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on Account of the taking of such Lands or Hereditaments into the said Road, or of widening, diverring, turning, or altering such Road through the fame; and in order thereunto the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to summon before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and they the said Trustees shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises; and such Trustees shall order, adjudge, and direct the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be assessed by the said Jury for such Damages as aforesaid, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Verd‘i£l or Inquisition of the said Jury; which Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, and Determination, shall be final and binding to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs or Successors, as well absent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said County Palatine of Lancaster, thereby requiring him to empannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twelve Persons to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return i’uch Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summonses, the Trulfets shall swear, or cause to be sworn. Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid; and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further ensfied, That the said Trusteess and all Persons interested, shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen; and the said Trustees shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such

Sheriff,

779

Damages and Uscon; pence 10 be settled by a Jury.

Verdict of Jury to be linal.

For impan. nelling a Jury.

Jurors may be challenged and Sheriff fined for Default.

I

780 44° GEORGII ill. Cap. 4*

Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Piemiles, and on any of the Pctfons who shall be summoned ami returned on the said Juty, and shall not appear, or shall refuse tobefworn. Or hting (worn, shall refule to give or not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intern and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premires, shall refuse or neglect to appear, cr shall refuse to be examined, and give Evidence; and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine and Fines in such Manner as the said Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be levied and disposed of, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for one Offence.

encenotthe

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give

the jury. in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for mote Money as a Recompence for the Right, Interest, or Property, of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or other Person or Persons by them authorized as aforesaid, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Colts and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for the fame, or a less Sum of Money than shall have been agreed to, and offered by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whojn the said Trustees shall have such Controvert or Dispute; Which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justxe of tlje Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, not ihtercivet! in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so uffeffed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies, shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in Cales where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

Tendtr"*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or

Purchase Mo. Recompence to be agreed for or a fluffed as aforesaid, shall be paid for

out

44° GEORGII UI. Cap. 49.

out of the Tolls or other Money arising as aforesaid, to the Parties Of Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents; and upon Payment thereof (or in calc of Refusal to accept the lame, or the Parties not being to be met with) upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, and after Ten Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or left at his, hef, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and their Surveyors, Workmen, and Agents, to make, widen, divert, and turn such Road over or through such Lands, or Hereditaments in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think proper; and the Trustees shall cause such Parts of the said Road as shall be made, widened, diverted, or turned through any private Grounds, to be ditched or sufficiently fenced from the adjoining Lands; and all Lands or Hereditaments which shall be made Part or Parts of the said Road, shall from thenceforth forever after become and be deemed, to all Intents and Purposes, a common Highway, and shall be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the fame Ways and Means as any Part or Parts of the Road hereby directed to be repaired is or are to be amended; and from thenceforth* all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Interest to such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments; and after such new Piece of Road shall be completed, the Land comprized in or constituting the old or former Piece of Road (unless leading over some Common or Waste Ground, or to some Town, Village, or Place, to which such new Part of Road doth not lead) shall be vested in the said Trustees, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, in Manner herein-after mentioned, for the belt Price that can be gotten for the fame; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act s and all Conveyance* executed by the said Trustees shall be good and effectual in the Law co all Intents and Purposes.

XXXVIII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, or by reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Road, they nuv happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, and of some Piece or Parcel of the said old Roads, over and above what will be necessry foreffecting the Purposes of this Act } be it further enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Piece or Piece* of the said old Roads, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find moll advantageous and conve* nient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of the said old Roads, Dull first offer the same to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto, and that the said Trustees before they shall sell or dispose of the Lid Piece or P.eces of overplus Ground, shall first offer to rcfell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchofed such Piece or Pieces of Ground* and in case such Per-

{Loc. Of Ptr] 9 M son

78*

ney Trustees may enter.

Trustees empowered to fell Ground not wanted for the Purposea of this Act.

Pei font whose Land* adjoin to have the Preference*

78«

/ pplication of Compensation when exceeding moo/.

(j ilfICW Kli

-.,'t x

t i!tW>

tool < *T ehnt.I akv'w

44-° GEORGII III. 49.

son or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or repunhafe the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground shall 1 e, by some Person or Persons no ways interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not the* and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficiert Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as, the Case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or repurchaling the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trt.ftces, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before dire £ted with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, in purl'uance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein.before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misa pplication or Non-application of such Money.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to arise from the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act of any Body Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands rr Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall nut be so applied, thyn the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Directon and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and (elded to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner

a*.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 783

as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, takert, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement* shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be pai 1 by Order of the said Coure to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur- )J',ee.r'(Jfone3r chafed, taken, or uled, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any amiJMnt to Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity *°°f-and . as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and 10a/,eXt* shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used,or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians*

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees,

(such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Coure of Chancery-

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less chan Moneyis'lda Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to than lot, the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profirs of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uted as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of ^e',n.s out

any

7»4

or if Personi cannot be found, Purchase M >ney to lie paid into the Bank j

ftibject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Mo'ion or Petition.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Tide to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Poflef-iion of the Lands, etc. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Poflcf-iion.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49*

any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refute to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees j or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subjcS to the Order, Controul, and Disporttion of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distr bution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said LCourt shall seem just and reasonablej and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or arc received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pof* session of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest: of the Bink Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, anddifpoled of accordingly, ui less it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

XL.V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpcra'ion, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchas'e Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled o the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Exper.ces as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trukees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Power and Authority given to the said Trustees ss herein-before mentioned, shall not extend to the taking or pulling down any Dwelling House or other Buildings, or to the taking in the Scite of any House or Building, or any Land that is a Garden or Oi chard adjoining to any Dwelling House, or any Yard, Park, or Paddock now ir.closed, and used as such, or planted Walk, indoled Nursery for Trees, or Avenue to a House, other than and except so much of a certain Garden and Outhouse, fuuate in the Township of Tong in the Parish of Prestwich aforesaid, the Property and in the Possession oi Jenny Brown Widow , also ofa certain Garden, Orchard, and Yard, situate in the Township ot Akrington aforesaid, in the Possel-fion of John Iiamcr, the Property cf John Lever-, also of a certain Plantation, fuuate in the Township of Blakeley aforesaid, the Property of Jacob Scho/es; also of a Dwelling House and Building, situate in the Township ot Harpur-Hey aforesaid, in the Possession of James Butter-worth, the Property of the Children of the late William Pendleton; also of a Garden situate in the said Township of Harpur-Hey, in the Occupation of John Brown , and of a Garden and Building situate in the last mentioned Township, in the Occupation of George Drink-water, both the Property cf Adam Pendleton; also of a Garden situate in the said last mentioned Township, in the Occupation oi John Lees, and of anothtr Garden there situate, in the Occupation of Elizabeth Barnes, both the Property of James Walker; also of a Dwelling House or Budding, situate in the Township of Harpur-Hey aforesaid, now occupied as a Workhouse, the Property of Henry Hutton an Inlant; and of a Garden there situate, in the Occua p.ition of Ann Tinker, the Property of Joseph Wrigley; also of a Garden situate in the last mentioned Township, in ihe Occupation of Phoebe Bar low, the Properly of the said Henry Hulton; also of a Garden situate in the Township last aforesaid, occupied by Samuel Ogden, the Property of the said Henry Hulton-, also of a Wall and Building situate in the last mentioned Township, occupied by Samuel Ashwcrtb -, and ofa certain Plantation there situate, occupied by Thackeray WIdow, both the

Property of Thackeray an Infant , also of cena n Buildings situate

in the Township of Manchester aforesaid, the Pri percy and in the Poffrfc fion of Samuel Higginboltom-, also of certa n Erections or Buddings of Wood situate in the Township of Manchester aforesaid, the Property and in the Possession ot George and Jonathan Peel, and William Williams, as \Loc, ft? Prr.J 9 N shall

785

The Court may order realcnable Ex-psnees t.f Pur* ch 'fes to be p.id f>y the T1 uftees.

Trustees not to take down Houses, or enter particu* hr Lands.

786 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

shall be necessary for making the said Road in such respective Places of the Breadth cf Twelve Yards; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

fcr»edto’the

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, ThatallMir.es Owners of the of Coal and other Minerals whatsoever, lying and being in or under any Lands. Lands to be appropriated to the said Road by virtue of this Act, shall be, and is and are hereby reserved to the Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, who is or are, or shall be entitled to such Coal or other Minerals, with Liberty for him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Agents or Servants, to dig for, mine, and work the fame, in fuvh Manner as is usual for carrying on Works of that kind in the Neighbourhood or Place where Inch Mines or Minerals shall be, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Lands had not been taken and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, so that in the working of such Mints, no Damage shall be done to the said Road.

enur^Lami'^

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the to make the said Trustees, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors, and Workmen, with Road. and without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the

Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, through which or whereupon the Road hereby authorized is intended to be widentd, altered, or turned, and to flake out, make, widen, alter, and turn the fame, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think nectflary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, or to any Finr, Penalty, or Punishment, for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of the said L inds. Grounds, or Hereditaments rrfpedti vely, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Damage that shall be done to the Land or Ground on the Side of any new Part of the said Road, whilst the lame shall be altering, making, or turning, in case such Damage shall exceed tht Sum of One Shilling; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or Marks, uled in setting out, making, altering, or turning inv Part of the said Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Forgetting

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur-

make andre- veyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and all such Persons as he or they pair the shall appoint, to search for, cur, dig, ger, gather, and take away any

Road. Furze, Heath, Gravel, Stones, Sand, and other Materials, for making

and repairing the said Road, out of or from any Common or Walle Ground, River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Plate, without paying any thing for the fame, they the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the lame may not be dangerous to Persons or Cattle; and also that the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Older of the said Trustees, learth for, cut, dig, get, gather, and takeaway such Materials in and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person

787

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

son or Persons where the fame may be found and had, (such Lands,

Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, or Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a Houfr, or any P.ece of Ground planted and fee apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Rate or Payment for such Materials to the Owners of such Grounds, and making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done by getting and carrying away such Materials to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame cr any other Materials for making and repairing the said R,ad shall be carried, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trulh-es and the said Owners or Occupier5, or any of them, concerning such Payment or Damages, any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster shall and may (on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing given by either P-rty to the other, or to be left at their rtTpective Places of Abode) hear, settle, and determine(the Matter of such Payments and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justice or Justices shall be final and conclusive tc. all Parties, and the Money so adjudged shall be paid on Demand by the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors.

L. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be N'cticetobe lawful for any Surveyor, or ocher Person or Persons, under the Autho- o^cupiers of ricy of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away, any Materials Lands before for making or repairing the said Road, out of or from any inclosed Lands M(|terlals be or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Land Owner or his known Agcnr, or to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at such Occupier’s laftorusual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees or any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County Palatine of Latuafter^ to shew Caule why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to hi h Notice, the said Trustees or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and cai ry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or such Justices shall leetn proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such OrJrr therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purpol'es as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall rae|"i^ti",^n take away any Materials which shall have been dug, got, or gathered in Material's be-cny Lands, Fields, Grounds, Wastes, or Commons, River, or Brook, losing to the for the Purpose of making, improving, or repairing the said Road, or Koid* shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have bren made for the Purpose of procuring Materials for the said Road, before the Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein (or the Space of Thirty Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for their own private Use only, and not for Sale),

every

788

Trustees may contract for making and repail ing the R jad j

may make causeways,' Drains, &c.

44° GEORGII ill. Cap. 49.

every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Paid Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, widening, altering, or repairing the said Road, or any Part thereof, and for ereiting Mile and Direction Stones and Polls thereon, or for doing any other Work to be perlormed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums ot Money, as the said Trustees shall think proper , and that all Contrafts and Agreements in Writing entered into (pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees) by their Clerk, Treasurer, or Surveyor, or other Officer, with any Workmen, or other Person or Person', relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contrafts or Agreements respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be requisite for the Completion of any Piece of Work, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which, by such Contrafts and Agreements respectively, the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party or Person or Persons so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall employ or appoint, (such Surveyor having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees), to make or cause to be made, causeways or Footways, and also Drains and Ditches, in and upon, or on the Sides of the said Road, and also through any Lands or Grounds lying contiguous thereto, and to scour such Ditches and Drains, and also to make or cause to be made a Road through the Land or Ground adjoining or lying near to any hollow, narrow, or ruinous Part of the said Road, (such Grounds relptftively not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building is erected, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, or Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nurftry for Trees), to be made use of as a publick Highway whilst the old Road is repairing or widening, and until such Time as it shall be fit and convenient for Passengers and Carriages to pass along the fame; and also to build, erect, repair, and keep in Repair, any Budge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, and across any River, Stream, Brook, Water, Diich, or Drain therein, or contiguous thereto, making such Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of such Grounds respectively through which any such Drains or Ditches shall lie made, or on which any such Bridges or Arches shall be built or erected, or through which any temporary Road shall be made.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 789

for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall thertby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners or Occupier', and the said Trustees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, assembled at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or at their Second Quarter Sessions of the Peace at the farthest, to settle, adjudge, and finally determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners or Occupiers for the Damages they shall have sustained as aforesaid , which Determination shall be final, and the Money so adjudged shall be paid, on Demand, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Persons as they or he °>a shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances and Obstructions on the said Road by Timber, Stones, Carriages,

Saw Pits, Dung, Ashes, Straw, Rubbish, or of any other Kind whatsoever, and to dispose of the fame for the Benefit of the said Road; and also to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running into or along the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; and to open, scour, cleanse, or widen any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining or near thereto, and make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think necessary, and to cut down, lop or top any Trees, Branches, Shrubs, or Bushes, growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, within Ten Yards of the Center of the said Road, and to take and carry away toe fame respectively, and to cut down and reduce all Hedges adjoining to the said Road, to the Height of Five Feet, in case the Persons occ.ifion-ing such Annoyances shall neglect to remove the fame within Seven Days after Notice in Writing given them for that Purpose by the Surveyor or Surveyors} or in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands shall neg-lect to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or fink such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such Trees, Branches, Shrubs, or Buthes, or reduce fitch Hedges, in such Manner as the Surveyor or Surveyors shall require, for the Space of Ten Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered and applied; and such Owners or Occupiers so neglecting to open, scour, and cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, or to cut and reduce such Hedges (at the proper Season of the Year) within the Time aforesaid, after Notice given, shall likewise forfeic for every Foot in Length of the fame, any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings nor less than One Shilling, over and besides the Charges to be settled as aforesaid and if after Removal of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every such Person shall for every such fub-sequent Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per- Persons liable fons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work, or are chargeable or ^ep,ir lUc.&JPtr.} 90 - liable s

79Q

ways, to repair this Road.

Highway Surveyors to bring in Lilts of such Persons.

Penalties on Surveyors tie. neglecting to deliver proper Lids.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

liable to or towards the repairing or amending of any Highway in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places through which the Road by this Act directed to be amended, diverted, made, improved, and kept in Repair, doth or shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of the said Road so to be amended, diverted, made, improved, and kept in Repair, and to perform their respective Work thereon, in such and the like Manner, in every RespeS, as they are liable to the Repair of any other common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place respectively; and that it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace aSing in and for the said County, to summon the Surveyors of the Highways for the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Places, wherein any Part of the Road by this Act intended to be amended, diverted, made, improved, and kept in Repair, doth or shall lie, to bring in Writing under their respective Hands, before them, upon Oath, according to the bell of their Knowledge, within Fifteen Days after such Summons (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer) a List of the Names of all the Persons who are liable to do Statute Work for that Year with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, within such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places respectively, and shall in such Lift distinguish which of the said Persons keep, or by Law shall be deemed to keep a Team or Teams, and what Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of what reputed Annual Value they respectively occupy, and which of them are liable to do Statute Work as Labourers only, and which of them are liable to repair Ratione Tenura, together with the respective Length of the Road those Persons ought to repair; and the said Justices shall and may order and appoint how many Days Statute Work shall be done in a Year by such Persons on the said Road, which said Statute Work shall be done by such Persons at such Times, in such Manner, and in such Parts of the said Road within such respective Parish, Township, Hamlet, and Place, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time direS and appoint; and if any Person shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work, every such Person for each Day he shall make Default, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings for each Team and Draught-, and for every Cart with Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, any Sum not exceeding Fourteen Shillings nor less than Seven Shillings; and for every Cart with One Horse or Bead of Draught, any Sum r.ot exceeding Ten Shillings nor less than Six Shillings; and every Householder and Person liable to perform such Statute Work as a Labourer, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings nor less than Two Shillings and Sixpence for each Day’s Default-, and if any Person shall be found idle or negligent in the Performance of such Statute Work, the Turnpike Surveyor or Sunreyorp may, and he and they is and are hereby required to discharge such Person, or such Team or Draught, and it shall be deemed as if such Person, or such Team or Draught, had not been sent to work -, and every such Labourer or Person, and the Owner of such Team or Draught, shall be liable to such resperftive Penalties as aforesaid; and in case any of the Surveyors of the Highways for such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places, shall refuse or neglect to give in such Lift on Oath as aforesaid, to such Justices, or shall be guilty of any Fraud therein; or shall neglerst or refuse to summon such Persons to do their Statute Work as aforesaid, every such Surveyor shall for every such Neglect, Refusal, or Fraud, for feit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Fifty Shillings.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

LVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and all Rents and Profits ifiiiing out cf Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable or chargeable towards the amending or repairing of the Road by this Act directed to be widened, diverted, amended, and kept in Repair, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall dill remain so liable and chargeable, and the Po(Tc(Tors and Occupiers thereof are hereby required to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be liable to be paid out of, or chargeable upon such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Rents or Profits as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same; and upon Default of Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Occupier, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Bridges, causeways, Arches, Drains, or Sewers, in any Part of the said Road, which have been accustomed or ought to be repaired by the County, or by any Hundred, Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, or by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by reason of the Tenure of Lands, or otherwise howsoever, shall be still liable to be maintained and kept in Repair as they were before the passing of this Act.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to compound and agree by the Year, or otherwise, with the Possessors, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees, of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Road, or of any Bridge, Arch, causeway, Drain, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places, to compound and agree for a certain Sum of Money,' by the Year or otherwise, in lieu of the Statute Work to be done upon any Part or Parts of the said Road , and in case such Composition Money shall not be paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Fifteeri Days after Che fame shall be due and demanded, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lantafter,upon Oath made befofe him or them of such Default, and he or they is and are hereby required, to issue a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, empowering such Person so by the said Trustees appointed to receive such Composition Money to levy the same, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels < f the Person or Persons who shall have rirlide such Comjbofitio'n as aforesaid, and such Goods and Chattels so distrained, after the Spacfe of Four Days (such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of distraining and keeping the fame not being paid) to fell, returning the Overplus to the Owner or Owners thereof, upon Demand, after the Composition Money; and all reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; which Composition Money shall be applied in the Repair of the said Road in such respective Parish, Township, Hamlet, or

' 79*

Lands

chargeable

to the Highways dill to continue so.

Counties, tfe. liable to repair Bridges, (Sc. dill to continue so.

.. J Stituie Duty and other Repairs may be compounded for.

r.m t

792

Mile Stonei and Direction Polls to be erected.

Penalty on dama ing the fame;

or damaging the Road j

r fufTering Cattle or Swine to wander in the Road.

Truliees may compound for Penalties.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Place, by which the same shall be raised and paid; and all such Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Money so by them paid, in such Manner as Surveyors of Highways are by Law to be reimbursed the Money by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones or Pods to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Road, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of any such Stone or Post from any Town or Place, and also such and so many Direction Ports as to them shall seem meet; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage aiy such Post or Stone, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks, which shall be inscribed thereon; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than on wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon any wheeled Carriage, to drag up ;n any Part of the said Road to the Prejudcei thereof; or if any Person shall ride upon any Footway belonging to the said Road; or shall drive any Hurfe, Bead, or other Cattle ihertonj or shall cause any Damage to be done to the said Footway; or if the Driver of any Carriage or other Perf in shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any Post or Stone erected for the Security of the said Footway, or drive the Wheel of any Carriage against the fame, or the Sides of the said Footway , or if the Owner of any Horses, or other Cattle or Swine, shall suffer the same to wander or departure upon or on the Sides of any Part of the said Road, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Ten Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, or for any One or more of the said Trustees, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause all such Horses or other Cartle or Swine, as shall be found wandering or depasturing on the said Road, or on the Sides the eof, to be impounded, and to keep the fame impounded until a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings shall be paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors, over and above the usual Fee or Charge to the Proprietor or Keeper of the Pound where any such Horses or other Cattle or Swine, shall be impounded; and if the Proprietor or Keeper of any Pound shall release any such Horses, Cattle, or Swine, impounded as aforesaid, without the Consent of such Surveyor or Surveyors, every such Proprietor or Keeper shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commented, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons for any Penalty or Penalties contained in this Act, or for Breach or Non-performance of any Conti aft or Contrafts entered into by such Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to compound and agree for the fame, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, instead of receiving the Whole of such Penalty or Penalties; but the Sum so compounded or agreed for shall not be less than the Injury or Damage Curtained by the-11 Breach

793

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract, and all the Costs, Charge*, and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, hereby in flitted or authorized to be imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or where the Offender shall be or reside, tither by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are dedutted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels} and the Money arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when levied or paid, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Att, shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied for the Purposes of the said Road , and in case fufBcient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County, or of the Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Twenty-one Days, unlel's such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Att, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justhes of the Prace before whom any such Person or Persons shall be convittrd of any Offence against this'Ad, shall and may cause the Con-vifhon to be drawn up in the following Form of Word*, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case may happen; (videlicet,)

? ‘ r>E it remembered, That on the

0 Wlt 1 ‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster

f Specifying the Offence, Time, and Place, when and where the fame was

committed, as the Case may be). Given under my Hand and Seal, the

Day and Year first above mentioned.’

LX 111. Provided al ways, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Att, and for which no particular Method ot Relief hath been already hereby appointed, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County; or if the said Cause of Complaint shall arise within Fourteen Diys next before such General Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal may be made to such Justices at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the [Loc. fsf Per.) 9 P Peace

For recovering Pe naltict.

Form of Conviction.

Appeal.

794 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49. Peace to be bolden for the said County, such Appellant or Appellant* first giving or Causing to be given Ten Days Notice ac the lead in VVrittng, of his, her, or theii Intention to bung such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the find Trustees, and within Six Days after such Notice, entering into a Recogn z mce before fonae Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties to try such Appeal, and abide the O dersot, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the Lid Justices at such Quarter Scfli >ns, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, anil of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the Cause and Matter or such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Patties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the D termination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and co iclusive, unto and upon all Parties.

Proceedings not to be qualheil for Want of Form,

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall bequafhrd or vacated for want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Lancaster; and that when any D stress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any DefcdforWant of Form in the Summon , Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrievid by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (hill recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made for or on Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Limitation of Actions.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commtnced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pu: luance of this Act, until Ten Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient S itisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next ensuing the Fact committed; and every such Action shall be brought in His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Lancafttr, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, shall and may, at his or their Election, plead specially, or the Gt neral Ilfue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the Authority and in pursuance of this Act ;-and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that luih Action or Suit hath been brought before Ten Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient S itisfacden made or tenilered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other Court than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdtft,

795

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Verdict, or if such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendanr .*r Defendants shall and may recover Tieble Colls, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cafe by Law.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enactfd. That no Part of the No Money M ney arising from the said Tolls, or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, fnpVin^ °Ut shall be laid out in or applied to the paving or repairing any Pavement or any Stieet. Caufrway in any Town or Street through which any Part of the Road by this Art directed to be altered, amended, or kept in Repair, doth lead.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Road directed to be im- tymuence-proveJ, widened, made, and kept in Repair, by virtue of this Act, shall End of the begin and be deemed and taken 10 begin at the Easterly End of a certain Road-Place called The New Wall, on the Parade, situate in the Township of Cajlleton aforesaid, and shall extend to and end at a certain Publick House situate at the Top of Shade Hill, in the Township of Manchester aforTid, called The Gaping Goose, and shall also extend to and end at a certain Mere Stone or Boundary betwixt the said Road and The Manchester Dislrifi, situ te in the Township ot Great Heaton aforesaid, there to unite with the Road leading to Manchester, hccles, and Radcbffe Bridge.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Per. Ju°b°cbr'^cer, to fons who have subscribed Money for and towards the making and repairing pay ihiir the said Road, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums Sul><c‘‘ftl*n>' of Money so subscribed within such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions, as the said Trustees shall order and direct, and the same shall be paid to fmh Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall, by any Writing under their Hands, authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees, or of their Clerk or Treasurer, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Pro. lection, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed,

[Publick Act.]

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- judged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of a* such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon commeaee-the said Eighth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, and ment and shall have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and of th'it Ait* from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

W-: : ' i ' ’ K

ra

imti) »*$*.*, 'f

- rrs.

unfa ti

! ($ IT r lj(l fj

r. . v

' L: ’

i H; " r

ft j

1 Jjxj j>- . ,v " ii- ,

C .1 ir. f; L ..1 Bftl .* tH

x-» *H>*'- Vi X.

ICCQAIFV |pi - >j l-f Fa&firB'XW ii. i.

IUC . I >» 1’ " i ftiii f ft "

lit \t. j iv ‘ cfj rti

)rr c r< I i

8»3; .0^ i > L«'J

mig {, <.): J* a

91, ysovl (.fWlC I . p r. i

(V ' . i j. -’0

I 1 1 -1.1 T . 1 Jur

i X. i . u<5 P- 11

*.- r , _ {niVl^ f. V

- W.

Mil i V tJ

’ 1 d igUJJT*!

i - j - iww

D

#' {JK- I ;:Ji

O -

awtraAcnto

AS

I > ’q l' r ' . t ’ ‘V V»'. "

l_ .1 ft I I J<v > ;!» ‘ 11 ',<*' . C] ’ <» «. *f

!,- ,\ > c .*/>' r >i :}» r d'j\ t < c.i u , j;

C \ " V . f:. ft 3 - , U. V;

j_» v.jf v^ v^p - rf-; [l *'

- r; i "f .; j

J. Act ' // -.1. t'l (. , j'.. i )i; (ft’, I. ft.-. All! - Y

IX 7 i P Ut-; * X o-.'-i a , - P’ v. ~ J.

i '

r , ~ - ...: :i.

yra i p. j nil ou: j hi/ . (4 i'!v . i, u; c i . t.-

J,-i ft. . . - 4--.IS ' ' ..* 1 l - . '

i -

<v Tf# ti v f n E r i! f I. v« 5 n s X ' r 1 ft’ r.A pv.

Iftcc >A 1 \ v- »V- K,

tl’i- 1 ' f ftj)r-,ft‘ -

Oft ! it i i ri/. - '. i jjwww . ttl

I*?* p«.* O'. . c t y to Oft \f r.U‘ ;> . ( Y ;.ft o; '

i. .'i... :t p I> T? -.t-'i LI ! t.Z.

'^OEOKCII III. ,\Y>'^2

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

c,i

:j

Cap. 50.

An Act for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening the Road branching out of the Great North Road, by the Guide Post at the South End of Spit-ilegate, in the Parish of Grantham in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End in the same County.

[5th June 1804.]

WHF.RF.AS the Road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Port in Spittlcgate, in the Parish of Grantham, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the County of Lincoln, through the several Parishes, Lordships, or Liberties of Spittlegate, Harrowby, Somerby, Welby, Ropsley, Hather, otherwise Haydor, Brauby, Haccby, Dembleby, Newton, Scot-lVillougbby, OJlourn-by, Threckingham, Spanby, Horbling, Swayton, and Bridge End, or some of them, in the County of Lincoln aforesaid, is very much out of Repair, and in many Places narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Passengers; and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, by facilitating and improving the Communication between the Town of Grantham aforesaid, and the Towns of Falkingham and Do-nington, and other Places in the said County of Lincoln, if the said Road were properly amended, widened, altered, varied and kept in Repair; but the fever d Purposes aforesaid cannot be eife&ed without the Aid and Authority [Loc. & Per.3 9 of

798

Trustees appointed.

Power to appoint new Trustees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

of Parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted» and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Edward Brown, Edward Brudenell, Clerk, Thomas Burbidge, William Butcher, Clerk, John Charles, Lucas Calcraft, James Catlett, Mountague Cholmeky, John Cholmeley, Clerk, John Cragg, John Corrie, Clerk, George Crabbe, Clerk, The Honourable John Cujl,rThe Honourable Henry Cujl, William Dodwell, Clerk, Henry Dodwell, Clerk, John Dore, Thomas Easton, Clerk, Jeremiah Ellis, Doctor in Divinity, Joseph Ferguson, Elias Benjamin de la Fontaine, George de Ligne Gregory, Edward Gregory, Clerk, Charles Gery, Clerk, James Garnar, George Gordon, Clerk, Thomas Gozna, Edward Grundy, Samuel Hand, Joseph Flail, Clerk, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet, Robert Heron, Robert Heron, Clerk, Samuel Herbert, Doctor in Divinity, Samuel Hurst, James Raymond Johnstone, Robert Kilham, Jonathan Kendall, Clerk, Richard Kiljha, Clerk, William King, Joseph Lawrence, John Rowland Litchford, Clerk, John Mcikings, The Honourable Charles Manners, commonly called Lord Charles Manners, The Honourable Robert Man-tiers, commonly called Lord Robert Manners, Sir William Manners, "Baronet, Charles Manners, John Manners, Thomas Manners, Clerk, John Manners of Grantham, Gildon Manton, John Maydwell, Clerk, William Mitton, John Myers, Clerk, John Myers the younger. Clerk, Stephen Oliver, William Pennvman, Richard Palmer, Doctor in Divinity, Richard Palmer, Clerk, the Honourable Edward Perceval, William Peters, Clerk, Edward Porter, Charles Raby, William Reeve, John Scott, Clerk, Thomas Burton Shaw, Benjamin Smith, Benjamin Smith the younger, Edward Bswyer Sparke, Clerk, Sir John Thorold, Baronet, John Grundy Thompson, Clerk, Thomas Thoroton, John Hayford Thorold, William Thorold, Michael Thorold, Clerk, Henry Thorold, Clerk, Burgoyne Tomkins, Robert Ttimer, Edmund Tumor the younger, Baptist Noel Turner, Henry Lee Warner, Sir Thomas Whichcote, Baronet, Sir William Earle Welby, Baronet, William Earle Welby, Thomas Earle Welby, Mountague Earle Welby, Clerk, William Gregory Williams, Thomas Wilson, Doctor of Physic, Simon Torkc, and the Alderman, Recorder, Deputy Recorder, Town Clerk, Com-Burgesses, commonly called the First Company, and Burgesses, commonly called the Second Company, of the Town or Borough of Grantham for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, altering, widening, repairing, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the

Great North Road, by the Guide Post at the South End of Spittle-

gate, in the Parish of Grantham aforesaid, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End in the Laid County of Lincoln,

through, by, or near to, the several Parishes, Lordships, or Liberties of

Spittlegate, Harrowby, Somcrby, Welby, Ropjley, Hatber othervvil’e Haydor, Braceby, Flaceby, Dcmbleby, Newton, Seot-Wil/oughby, OJbourfiby, Threcking-ham Spanby, FJorbling, Swayton and Bridge Etui, or iome ol them, in the County of Lincoln aforesaid, and for putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That as often as any of the Trustees hereby appointed, and to be elected and appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall die, or refuse to ad in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the i’urviving or continuing Trustees, from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their

799

44 GEORGII m. Cap. 50.

their respective Hands, to elect and appoint some fit Person to be aTruffee,

'n the Room of every Trustee so dying or refusing to act. Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Election, being given by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being, to the said Trustees by affixing such Notice upon all the Turnpike Gates rhenerested across the said Road, and also by inserting the fame in the Newspaper, called The Lincoln,

Rutland, and Stamford Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed or usually circulated in the said County of Lincoln; and every Person who shall be elected, and appointed a Trustee in Manner aforesaid,

shall and may aft with the surviving and continuing Trustees, in the Execution of this Act, in the same Manner as if he had been originally named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Powers and Authorities relative to All Acts may the Execution of this Act, may be done and executed by any Five or more he Aone by of the Trustees hereby appointed, and to be elected and appointed as afore- £j^erwife said, except only in Cases hereinafter particularly mentioned, as requiring j;4a<;d.

a greater or less Number of them, and that all Orders and Proceedings so had, made or done, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if had, made, or done by or before all the said Trustees.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during the ol 1 rullc';S’ Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under the fame, nor in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested; nor shall any Person be qualified

to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of his acting be entitled to some Estate for Life or of Inheritance, in Possession of or to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, situated in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes; or shall be Heir Apparent ft) some Person who shall be truly and bond fide seized of, or entitled to, some Estate for Life or of Inheritance, in Possession of or to Messuages,

Tythes, or Hereditaments, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of a personal Estate alone, or real and personal Estate together, of the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds over and above what will be sufficient to pay all his just Debts; nor (except in administering the Oath following, and giving Notice of the first Meeting of the Trustees hereinafter mentioned), until he shall have taken and subscribed before any Three or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized to administer the same, an Oath, in the Words or to the Etfeft following, as the Case may require (that is to say):

‘ T do swear, that I atn truly and bona fide seized or entitled to The Oath.

‘ some Estate for Life or of inheritance, in Possession of or to ‘ Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes or Hereditaments, in that Part ‘ of the United Kingdom called England, of the clear yearly Value ‘ of Fif ty Pounds above Reprizes [And in the case of an Heir ApparentJ ‘ I do swear, ‘ That I am Heir Apparent to C. D,

‘ who to the best of my Knowledge, Information and Belief, is truly ‘ and bond fide seized or entitled to some Estate for Life or of In- heritance, in Possession of or to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes

‘ or

8oo

Penalty for Acting if not qualified-

The Acts of unqualified Trustees previous to Conviction declared valid.

Mortgagees may ait.

Meetings of Trull ccs.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

‘ or Hereditaments, in that Part of the United Kingdom called ‘ England, of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds above Reprizes [And in Case of personal Estate alone, or of real and per-‘ final Estate together] I do swear, That I am truly

e and bond fide possessed of a personal Estate, [or of real and personal Estate together] of the Amount or Value of One Thousand Pounds above what ‘ will be sufficient to pay all my just Debts, and that I will faithfully and e impartially, according to the belt of my Judgment, aft in the Execution ‘ and Performance of the several Trusts, Powers and Authorities reposed in ‘ me as a Trustee, by Virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [Here fit forth the Title of this Act]. So help me God.*

And if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided always, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previously to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been duly qualified, according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, That any Mortgagee, or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Guildhall in Grantham aforesaid, or at fotne other convenient House in the fame Town, on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution; and that the said Trustees shall then and from Time to Time afterwards, meet at the said Guildhall, or at such other House in the fame Town, or at such other Place within the Distance of Five Miles from feme Part of the said Road, and at such Times as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct, (provided that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Three Caleiulai Months); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, (three Trustees shall be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only); or in Case the Trustees at any Meeting assembled shalt neglect to adjourn such Meeting, then and in every such Case, every such Meeting or intended Meeting shall be, and is 6* hereby

Meetings on Emergencies.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

hereby adjourned to the Twenty-eighth Day next after the Day on which such Meeting was held, or was intended to be held, and at the same Place; and so from Twenty-eight Days to Twenty-eight Days, until a sufficient Number of Trustees do or shall meet and adjourn; and Public Norice of every such Adjournment shall be affixed upon every Turnpike Gate then ere tied across the said Road Ten Days at lead before the Day of Meeting: And in Case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall omit, neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or by any Means shall be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five 01-more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) at any Time or Times after the Space of Twenty-one Days, after such Refusal,

Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the said Trustees to meet at Grantham aforesaid, or at some Place in or near the said Road, upon that Day three Weeks after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any Emergency, it shall be thought necessary by any Three or more of the said Trustees, that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day to which such Meeting should have been adjourned, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, of the said Road, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting, in the Manner herein before directed, (the Time of Meeting not being less than Ten Days after such Notice) and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such earlier Meeting, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in Pursuance of Adjournment: And the said Trustees shall at all their Meeetings defray their own Expences.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, present at any Meeting which shall be held in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time to make all Contracts, Agreements, Orders, Directions, Appointments and Determinations, in the Execution of this Act, all of which shall be signed by the Trustees making the same; and no such Contract, Agreement, Order, Direction, Appointment or Determination shall be valid, unless so made and signed at such Meeting, and unless the Number of Trustees by this Act authorised to make the same shall be present, and the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and no such Contract, Agreement, Order, Direction, Appointment or Determination so signed, (frail be revoked or altered at any fujrsequent Meeting, unless Twelve or more Trustees shall be present, and Eight of them at lead shall concur therein.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such other Power to Person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall and may ered or other wise ere a Toil provide, such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes, in, upon or across ®ales' such Parts, and in such Places of the said Road, and also such and so

many Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the Sides of the said Road, and in, upon, and across any Lane or Byeway, that doth or shall lead into or out of the fame, as the said Trustees shall think proper, (subject nevertheless to the Restrictions and Directions hereinaft r mentioned concerning the [Loc. eff /Vr.] y R lame)

SOI

Trustees to pay their own Expences.

How Orders of the Trustees are to be made and reveled.

Bo 2

And to take Tolls.

Power to recover the Toll.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 5o.

fame) and also shall and may erect, or otherwise provide, a Toll House to every or any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes , with suitable Buildings and other Conveniences thereto, and inclose from the Sides of the said Road convenient Gardens for the same.

And that the several Tolls hereafter particularly mentioned, shall be demanded and taken, at each of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be erected in purl’uance of this Act (except as hereinafter is expressly directed or provided to the contrary) before any Horse, Gelding," Mare, Mule, Afs, Cattle, Bead or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the fame (that is to say):

For every Horse, Ox, or other Bead drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Hearse, or Chaise Marine, Curricle, Chair, Gig, Whiskey, or other Four or Two Wheeled Carriage of the like kind, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Horse, Ox, or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like Kind, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every Four Wheeled Carriage in any Manner fixed to any Wnggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing the fame, the Sum of One Shilling.

For every Two Wheeled Carriage having any Person therein, or being laden in any Manner, fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing the fame, the Sum of One Shilling.

For the fame, if unladen or empty, the Sum of Sixpence.

For every pair of Mill Stones drawn by Five or more Horses or Oxen, or other Beads, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence.

For every Drug, so condrufted as that the Didance between the Axle-trees thereof, measured at the Ends, shall be more than Nine Feet and laden otherwise than with a single Piece of Timber, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, over and above the Toll or Duty payable for the Horses drawing the same.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence.

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Tenpence per Score, and so on in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said respective Sums shall be demanded and taken in the Name of, and as Toll, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time authorise and appoint to receive the same: And if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Person or Persons authorised to receive the same, neglect or refuse to make Payment thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, it diall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorised, to seize and distrain any Horse, Cattle or Bead, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or any Carriage in which the same shall be drawing, or the Loading, Harness or Accoutrements of any such Horse, Cattle or Bead; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Didrefs, and of keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Three Days next a ter the Day of making such Didrefs, the Person or Persons so didraining shall and may, at any Time or Times thereafter, fell the Horse, Cattle, Bead, Carriage, Loading or Accoutrements so didrained; and out of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, pay or retain such Tolls, and all

reasonable

803

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress and Sale, returning the Over-plus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unfold (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Disputes shall happen con- For settling cerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Distress as Disputes con-aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining to re- cc’"‘n’

tain such Distref3, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, till the Chiantity, of the Tolls, and the Charges of such Distress, shall be ascertained by some justice of the Peace for the Parts of Kejlcven or Soke of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, as the Case may be; who upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Toll due, and assess the Charges of such Distress, and of the Coiledor’s Attendance upon the said Justice for that Purpose; all which Sums so determined and assessed shall be paid to the said Collector, before he or (lie shall be obliged to return the Cattle and Goods so distrained, or the said Overplus or any Part thereof respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in Cafe any Dispute, Suit or Litiga- Collectors <ie-tion shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, the Person dared com-or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons act- Wlt‘ ing under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence therein, by reason of his being so appointed to collect the said Tolls.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to lessen, vary, or alter, all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, or hereby made payable, at all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by Virtue of this Act, and to cause the same to be collected in such Manner, Parts and Proportions as they shall think fit; and to raise, vary or alter the fame again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted and made payable, and so as every Reduction thereof be nfade with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to five sixth Parts of the Money then due, on Security of the said Tolls; but no such Alteration shall be made unless at a Meeting of the said Trustees, at which Ten of them at lead shall attend, and Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing Avail be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected across the said Road, and also inserted in some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers, printed or circulated in the County of Lincoln.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be Tolls to be liable to pay Toll more than once at any One Toll Bar or Turnpike Gate, paid but

to be erected by Virtue of this Act, for passing and repafiing any Time or once a Day. Times in any One Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) with the fame Dories, Cattle, Beads and Carriages, through the fame Toll Bar or Turnpike Gate (except as herein is excepted); but that all and every Person or Persons having paid Toll once as aforesaid, and producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll (which Ticket the Collector of the Tolls is hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll) shall afterwards pass

and

Tolls may be varied, but not to exceed certain Sums.

804

Not more than three full Tolls to be taken.

Exemptions from Tolls.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. so.

and repass, with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads and Carriages, Toll Free, during the same Day, through the fame Toll Bar or Turnpike Gate where such Toll was paid.

XV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to empower the said Trustees, or any of them, to cause more than Three full Tolls to be demanded and taken for the Passage of the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads and Carriages, or other Things, through all the Toll Gates to be erected between the Great North Road and the Turnpike Road at or near unto Bridge End aforesaid, on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock the next Night; which said Tolls or Duties, and every Part thereof, shall be veded in the said Trustees, and shall be paid, applied and disposed of, for such Uses, Intents and Purposes, as are by this Act directed and appointed, and to and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Ox, or other Bead, drawing in any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Trees, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or any Works thereon, or any of the Highways in the several Parishes, Townships, Lordships, Hamlets, and Places through which the said Road shall pass, or any Hay, Corn in the Straw, or other Produce of Lands lying within the respective Parishes, Townships, Lordships, Hamlets, and Places aforesaid, to be laid up, used, or consumed in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards, of or belonging to the respective Owners of the fame several Parishes, Townships, Lordships, Hamlets, and Places, or Lime or other Manure, to be used for the Improvement of Lands; nor when returning unladen after carrying or conveying any such Materials or other Things; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken for any Horse, Ox, or other Bead, drawing or not drawing, and employed in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor for any Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Cattle, when going to or returning from being shoed or farried, or going to or returning from Water or Padure; provided that such lad mentioned Exception shall only extend to such Cattle as shall be driven to and from Water or Padure, from One Parish to the next adjoining Parish, or to such Cattle as shall not pass upon the fame Road more than Two Miles in going to or returning from Water or Padure; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken for any Horse, Ox, or other Bead, which shall only cross such Road, and shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon, or when carrying or conveying any Person or Persons residing in the fame Parishes, Townships, Lordships, Hamlets, or Places, who shall pass on Sundays or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated, through any of the said Turnpikes, to or from Church or Chapel, or any other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, or when going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the fame Parishes, Townships, Lordships, Hamlets, or Places; nor for any Horses or Carriages which shallbeemployed in conveying any Mail or Packet, made up under the Authority or Direction of His Majesty's Pod-Mader General or his Deputies; nor for any Horles belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon

1 Duty;

44° GEORGII III. Cap. so. 805

Duty; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or carrying any wounded, Tick, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or returning empty after having been so employed, provided such Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, shall return within the same Day; nor for any Horses, Carts, or Carriages, employed only in carrying or conveying Vagrants lent by legal Passes; nor for any Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, drawing or not drawing, carrying or conveying any Elector or Electors to or from an Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Lincoln: And if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, or of any other of the Exemptions from Toll herein contained, not being entitled to the fame, every Person lo offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with To prevent any Horse, Cattle or Bead, upon which any Toll is by this At! imposed, I-spsy-' of pals through any Land or Ground within the Distance of one Mile from any t!le 01 s" Toll-Gate or Turnpike which shall be eredfed by Virtue of this Act, the fame

no: being a public Road; or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any other Person or Persons, with any Horse, Cattle, or Beall, to pals through the fame, whereby Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person (other than a Collector of the said Tolls) any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by a Collector of the said Tolls; or shall forge or counterfeit any Inch Ticket, or shall forcibly pass through any such Toll-Bar or Turnpike Gate as aforesaid, with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, or shall at any Time or Times take gft’ or cause to be taken off, any Horse, Cattle, or Beall from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said lolls, or any Part or Parts thereof shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or cause to be left, upon or near to any Part of the said Road, any Carriage,

Horse, Cattle, or Bead, with an Intent to evaae the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any Goods from any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage; every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Dil'cretion of the Justice or justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, One Moiety whereof shall be for the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in Manner herein-after directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees tram Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, to compound compound for and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any One Time, with t,le r°lls. all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, or Lord-

ships, to or through which the said Road leads, and who shall duly perform their Statute Work upon the fame, for the passing of their Horses or Cattle through all or any of such Toll Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said1 Power to Trustees, after having given Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in lease the

[/.sc. & Per.] 9 S Writing, ToUs>

8o6

Power to remove Toll-Gates.

Tollhouses, &c. vested in the Clerk, or Treasurer

I’or recovering the Subscriptions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. so.

Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates erected across the said Road, and to be inserted in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated within the said County of Lincoln, from Time to Time to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the belt Rent or Price that can reasonably be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times and in such Manner, and with, under, and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements, as the said Trustees shall think fit, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, and taking such other sufficient Security for Payment of the Rents to be reserved by and for the Performance of the Covenants to be contained in such Lease or Leases, as the said Trustees shall think fit.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall have been erected in, upon, or across, or on the Sides of the said Road, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side of, such other Part or Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct; but none of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall be removed as aforesaid, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the fame, shall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and inserted in One or more of the Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated within the said County of Lincoln.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Interest, and Property of and in all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, which shall be erected and provided in pursuance of this Act, with the several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging respectively, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Materials, Matters, and Things, which shall be purchased or provided for the Purposes of this Act, shall be vested in the Clerk or Clerks and Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to fell, assign; transfer, apply, and dispose of the fame, as Occasion shall require, and as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint, and under the like Order, Direction, and Appointment of the said Trustees, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer and prosecute any Indictment or Indiftmer.ts against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break or pull down, Ileal, take or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, or damage any of the said Turnpikes, Toll Gates, or Toll Houses, or any of the Conveniences or Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Matters, or Things aforesaid, or any new Fences which shall be made and repaired by the said Trustees, or who shall do any Act to hinder or obstruct any Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if the several Persons who have become Sutscribers, or shall become Subscribers towards the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, or any of them, shall after Twenty Days previous Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks of the said Road, for that Purpose to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their

Dwelling

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 807

Dwelling House, or usual Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to make Payment of the respective Sums by him or them so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to bring or cause to be brought any Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, or Suit, against any Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and on Proof of such Person or Persons having so subscribed or agreed to subscribe, and of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, such respective Sum or Sums so subscribed or agreed to be subscribed, or so much thereof as shall be required to be paid in such Notice, shall be recovered, with full C.ofts of Suit.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said For borrow-Trustees, at any of their Meetings, to borrow and take up at Interest, inS Money upon the Credit of the Tolls to arile by Virtue of this Act, any Sum or tl« Toils Sums of Money, which they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; provided that no Money shall be borrowed after the first three Meetings of the said Trustees, unlel's Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and also shall have been published in one or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated within the said County of Lincoln; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered by any Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, from Time to dime to assign and mortgage the said foils, or any Part or Parts thereof, during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities to any Subscriber or Subscribers as aforesaid, or other Person or Persons who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Money so to be advanced, with Interest for the fame; which Writing or Writings may be made in the Form, or m Words and to the EiTeft following (that is to say):

‘ Virtue c.f an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty- pormofse-

fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, curity.

‘ intituled [Here fit forth the Title of this Act] We

‘ of the Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, in Consideration ‘ of the Sum of paid by A.B. of

‘ to the Treasurer of the said Road, do hereby bargain, fell and assign,

‘ unto the said A.B. such Proportion of the Tolls to arise upon the said

Road as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to

‘ the whole Sum nowr due or hereafter to become due, on the Security ‘ thereof: To hold the fame unto the said A.B. his Executors, Admini-

(Irators and Assigns, from the Day of the Date hereof for and during ‘ the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with Interest for the fame after the Rate of per

‘ Centum per Annum, shall be foouer repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books Copies to be to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Trea- entered, furers of the said Road j which Book or Books may at all seasonable Times *2- be

8o8

Mortgages may be transferred.

Form of Transfer.

Transfers to be entered.

Probates of Wills and Certificates of Marriages to be produced to the Clc rk and enured.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward: And it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Mortgage or Security shall be made as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors or Administrators respectively, by Writing or Writings under their respective Hands and Seals, to assign and transfer his, her and their Right, Title and interest, in and to such Mortgage or Security, and the Principal Money and interest secured thereby, to any Person or Persons; which Alignment and Transfer may be made in the Form or in the Words and to the Effect following (that is to say):

I A.B. of ’ or ‘ I C.D. of

‘ Executor or Administrator of A.B. late of

[or otherwise as the Case may be~\ in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ to me paid by E. F. of

do hereby assign and transfer unto the said E. F. his Executors, Ad-‘ ministrators and Assigns, a certain Mortgage or Security, bearing Date ‘ the Day of in the Year of our

‘ Lord

under the Hands and Seals of of the Trustees for

‘ putting in Execution an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign

of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [Here set forth the Title

of this A£f\ with all my Right and Title to the principal Sum of

‘ thereby secured, and all interest now due

‘ and hereafter to grow due thereon. Dated this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

Which Transfer shall be produced to the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, within Three Calendar Months next afrer the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the fame in the Book or Books last mentioned; for which Entry the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more shall be paid, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of such Mortgage or Security; and every such Mortgage or Security may be again assigned and transferred in like Manner, and so from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall require; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person, other than the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last assigned as aforesaid, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage or Security so transferred as aforesaid, or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Security shall be made as aforesaid, their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall in Proportion to the Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, in equal Degree One with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their respective Securities.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall, in Right or by virtue of his or her Marriage, become intitled to any Sum or Sums of Money due on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls hereby granted, and Affidavits, containing a Copy of the Register of such Man iage shall be made before a Judge ot One ot His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster,ror before a Malter or Matters Extraordinary in Chancery in England, cr One of the Judges of the Court of Sessions in Scotland, or a Magistrate or Bailiff of feme Corporate Tgvvn, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace*

44° GEORGII ITT. Cap. 50. 809

Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Road, who shall make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept for entering Copies of such Mortgage and Transfers as aforesaid; and such Clerk or Clerks shall, upon the Application of the Person or Persons entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money due on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls hereby granted, give and deliver to him, her, or them a Certificate of such Entry, and where any Person or Persons shall as Executor or Executors, Aduunistrator or Administrators of any Person deceased, become entitled to any such Sum or Sums of Money as last aforesaid, the Probate of the Will or Testamentary Instrument,or Letters of Administration under which such Persons shall be so entitled, shall be produced and shewn to the Cle/k or Clerks of the said Road, who shall enter the fame, and grant a Certificate thereof in Manner aforesaid; for which Entry and Certificate respectively the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the said Clerk or Clerks.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall arise Application and be produced by Subscriptions as aforesaid, and from the Tolls by this

Ad granted, together with the Monies which shall from Time to Time be 0IR)r‘ borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following, (that is to say); in the First Place, in Payment of the Cods, Charges and Expences of preparing and passing this Act; in the Second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on the several Mortgages or Securities made in pursuance of this Act: in the Third Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and of making, forming, repairing, widening, and altering the said Road, and purchasing Lands for those Purposes, and of erecting and maintaining necessary and convenient Biidges upon the said Road, and of executing the several other Powers,

Provisions, and Purposes of this Act; and, laltly, in reducing, paying off", and discharging the several principal Sums, for the Time being due on such Mortgages or Securities as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees may Trustees, by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint One or more appoint Offi-fit and proper Person or Persons to be Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Trea- cers' furers, Coiledor or Collectors of the Tolls, and Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road and other necessary Works thereof, and such other Officers as the said Trullees shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act; and shall take such Securities for the Execution of their respective Offices as they the said Trullees shall deem requisite; and such Clerks, Treasurers, Col. ledors. Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, from Time to Time to remove, and on the Removal, Death, or Resignation of any of them, to appoint others in their Stead, (provided that no Person being a menial Servant of any Trustee, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit or Trull under this Act) and the said Trustees are hereby authorised to allow and pay to the several Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Surveyors and other Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries and Allowances for their Trouble, Labour and [Loc. y Per.] 9 T Service

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Service as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and all such Officers; and all other Persons acting by Order of or for the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to them or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a true, exact and perfect Account in Writing under their Hands, and to be verified upon Oath if required (which Oath any one or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer) of all Monies which they respectively shall have received to that Time, by Virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and to whom and for what Purposes, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account shall appear to be in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to give such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the fame upon Oath if required, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereto required in Manner aforesaid, or to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty-one Days after having been thereunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers and Writings in his, her or their Custody or Power, any Ways relating to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road or Works; and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Division or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, by any One or more of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons on his or their Behalf; such Justice may and is hereby authorised and required by Warrant or Warrants to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to be brought before him, and upon his, her, or their appearing or not appearing; except for some reasonable Excuse, and having been first duly summoned) to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees might have done, and if upon the Settlement of any such Account, or upon Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice, that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hand of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, every such Justice may and he is hereby authorised and required, upon Non-Payment thereof, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels, of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, and if Goods or Chattels shall not be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distref^ and Sale, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall not appear before the said Justice at the 'lime and Place by him appointed for that Purpose (except for some reasonable Cause or Excule) or appearing shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of any such Account, or of the Articles thereof upon Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Ke. eipts relating to such Account, or the Books, Accounts, Papers and Writings in his, her or their Custody or Power, relating in anywise to the Execution of this Act, or to the said Road or Works, then and in any or either of the

Cafe

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 81 r

Cases as aforesaid, the said Justice may and is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to one of the Gaols or Houses of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he, ffie or they shall have delivered in and settled his, her or their Accounts, and have verified the fame upon Oath, and ffiatl have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his, her or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall in that Respect have been made, or until he, she, or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby in such Case empowered to make) or until he, she, or they shall deliver up such Books,

Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always that no Person shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XXVdl. And be it further enacted, that upon the Death, Incapacity, Trustees may Absconding, Misbehaviour, or Absence of any Collector of the Tolls, any appoint tem-Three or more of the said Trustees, (though not assembled at a Meeting appointed in pursuance of this Act), by any Writing under their respective tain Cases. Hands, shall and lawfully may discharge such Collector or Receiver, who shall so become incapable, abscond, misbehave, or absent himself as aforesaid, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector of the said Tolls, in the stead of such Collector so dying or being discharged, and to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees; which Person so nominated and appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable, in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the Trustees who

first Nomination and Appointment of any Officers in pursuance of this Act, e

no Trustee shall be capable of voting or acting in any future Nomination p^eeding' or Appointment of any such Officer or Officers, upon Death, or any other year not to Vacancy, unless such Trustee shall have acted as a Trustee in the Execution vote on the of this Act, at leaf! once within the Year preceding the Time that such

Vacancy shall happen, the only Evidence whereof shall be his having signed the Order Book of the said Trustees.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur-Surveyor

veyor of the said Road, and such other Person or Persons as shall be em- ^ae'

ployed by such Surveyor, to cur, dig, gather, take and carry away, any ^j_ 01 1 Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand or other Materials, for making, forming and repairing the said Road, Toll Houses and Bridges, in, upon,

out of and from any Waste Grounds, Commons, Common Quarries,

Rivers or Brooks, in any Parish, Township or District, within or near where to the said Road passes, without paying anything for the fame; such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or sufficiently fencing off such Pits, 1b that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or i Cattle;

8 I 2

Materials not to be taken from inclosed Grounds without an Order from the Trustees or two Jufftices.

Penalty on taking away Materials got by the Surveyor.

For preventing Obfl ructions on the Sides of the Road.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Cattle; and in Case such Materials cannot conveniently be had in such Waste Grounds, Commons, Quarries, Rivers or Brooks as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for such Surveyor, or such other Person, to cut, dig, gather, take and carry away, any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, out of or from, and over any other Lands, Grounds, and Quarries, (except as herein after is mentioned) making such Compensation and Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds and Quarries, where, through, and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, taken and carried away, or over which any Materials gotten from any Wade Ground, Common Quarry, River or Brook shall be conveyed, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable.

XXX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take or carry away, any such Materials as aforesaid, in or from any inclosed Lands, or Private Grounds or Quarries, until after Ten Days previous Notice in Writing, signed by the said Surveyor, or some other Officer of the said Trustees, shall have been given to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands or Grounds, from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the usual Place of Re-ftdence of such Owners or Occupiers respectively, requiring them to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the Parts of Kesteven or Soke of Grantham as the Case may require, at a certain Time and Place to be specified in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be taken away; and such Trustees or Justices, after hearing the Parties concerned, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Officer, to dig, gather, take and carry away, such Materials, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner, as to such Trustees or Justices shall seem proper; or if such respective Owners or Occupiers shall not, by themselves or their respective Agents, attend pursuant to such Notice, such Trustees or Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, in the same Manner as if such respective Owners or Occupiers had attended pursuant to such Notice.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take or carry away any Materials which shall have been digged or gathered for the Purpose of making or amending the said Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyor or the Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days, except the Owners or Occupiers of any Private Lands or Grounds, and the Person or Persons authorised by such Owners or Occupiers, who may get Materials therein for their own Use only, and not for the Use of any other Highway or for Sale, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Dung, Allies, Comport, Manure, or other Thing shall be unladen and laid down upon any Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, nearer to the Side of the said Road than the Distance of Thirty Feet, upon Pain that every Person so offending, and

being

44° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 50.

being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any Footway, rath, or Pavement adjoining, to or made on the Side of or upon the said Road, or shall wantonly lead or drive any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages thereon, or shall cause any Damage ro be done to such Footway , or if any Person or Persons shall put or turn any Horse, Afs, Swine, or other Bead, or Cattle of any Kind, into or upon the said Road or the Sides thereof, or shall leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road, either with or without any Horse, or other Bead of Draught, harnessed or yoked thereto (except in Case of Accidents) every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Nuisances and Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Saw-Pits, or other Pit*, Ashes, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise; and also to divert or turn any Water-Courses, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains running into the fame, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour and cleanse,deepen and enlarge,any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Watercourse, adjoining or near to any Part of the said Road; and also to cut down, top, or lop, any Trees, Branches, or Bushes growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges, Fences, Banks or Grounds adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds where such Annoyances shall happen to be, shall neglect so to do, for Ten Days after Notice in Writing has been given for that Purpose, under the Hand of such Surveyor, from Time to Time, and the Charges thereof respectively, being settled by the said Trustees, shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor, from Time to Time, by such respective Owners or Occupiers so neglecting as aforesaid; and in case such Charges shall not be paid on Demand, the same shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, by this Act authorised to be imposed, are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any such Nuisances and Annoyances as aforesaid, any Person shall offend again in like Manner, every Person so offending again, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint* from Time to Time, without giving any previous Notice, to remove all Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Things which shall suddenly Aide, fall, or be blown down, from any Hedge, Bank, or Land, into or upon any Part of the said Road, so as to narrow or obstrutt the Passage along the fame, and to carry and place the fame on any Waste Ground near thereto, so as to be no Annoyance to Travellers; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things, shall so Aide, or fall, or be blown down as aforesaid; and the Charges of carrying away the fame (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed and paid

[Lee. to5 Per.] 9 U to

81.3

Penalty on damaging Foot-Ways, &c.

Surveyors may remove Annoyances.

Surveyors empowered to remove sudden Obit ructions without Notice.

814-

Surveyor msy make Ditches, Drains, Bridges, &c.

Power to widen turn or alter the Road

And to purchase Lands.

Power to Corporations &c. to fell.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

to such Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are hereby directed to be recovered.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, and any other Person or Persons, by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses, in, upon, and on the Sides of the said Road, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, and to erect, re-build, and keep in Repair, Bridges, Tunnels, and Arches upon the said Road, and across any such Ditch, Drain, or Wa-tercourse as aforesaid, and to make sufficient Barriers and other Erections oh any Part or Parts of the said Road, in order to prevent the fame from being flooded or overflowed with Water, as the said Surveyor shall judge necessary; and also to make or cause to be made any temporary Road or Roads, through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining, to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road, except as herein-after is mentioned, to be made Use of as a Road whilst the Old Road shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Travellers and Passengers, making such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of- such Grounds so to be used, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively, shall sustain thereby, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any Time or Times to widen the said Road, and to divert, turn, or alter the Cdurfe or Direction of any Part or Parts thereof, and to make a new and convenient Carriage Road, through or over any Moor or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and also through, over, or upon any private Lands or Tenements (except as hereinafter is mentioned) first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damages they may thereby sustain; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any private Lands or Tenements, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage which such Owners and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may anyways sustain, by making, widening, turning, or altering, any Part or Parts of the said Road: and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and other Trustees whomsoever, for and oil Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in, any such Lands or Tenements, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to fell to them all or any of such Lands or Tenements, as Occasion shall require, and all Contracts and Sales so made shall, without any Conveyance or Assurance in the Law, be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and if any of such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate

44° GEORGII III. Cup. 50. 815

gate or Sole, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such The Recom-Lands or Tenements, upon Notice in Writing by the Clerk or Clerks, Trca- b'

surer or Treasurers of the said Road, to him, her, or them given,- or left at -

the respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, tain Cases, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the H'ouse of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Tenements so to be taken in and added to any Part of the said Road, or into which any Part or Parts of such Road are or is to be turned or altered as aforesaid, shall for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case, the said Trustees shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jiirv of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Lincoln (which Oaths any One or mere of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Damage will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to, such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested, for or on Account of the taking of such Lands or Tenements into the said Road, or of turning any Part or Parts of such Road into the fame Lands or Tenements; and in order thereto, the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to-Time, a«

Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, ..who shall be thought necessaryand proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in question, if there be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damages, Recompence, and Satisfaction, the said Trustees shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners or Occupiers of, or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Tenements; according to such Verdict or Inquisition Their Verdict of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Order so had to be final-and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Partits and Persons whomsoever, claiming any Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years, in Possession, Re-verlion. Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and-Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Persons beyond the Seas, and under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and returning of such Jury Sheriff to or Juries, the said Trustees are hereby, empowered to issue their Warrant summon Ju-or Warrants to the Sheriff of the said County of Lincoln, or in Case such ne,‘

Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, shall be any ways interested in the Matter in Question, then to some One of the Coroners of the same County not interested in the Premises, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to impannel, summon, and return, a Jury of Twenty-four honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law, to be returned for Trials oflffues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, his Deputy or 7* Deputies,

Si-0 44° GEORGII III. Cup. so.

Deputies, or Coroner, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, fujmmoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such summoning, the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, shall swear, or cause to be sworn, Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said SherifiF, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, shall return other honed and indifferent Men, of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service, (being qualified as last aforesaid), to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, when they come to be sworn, but shall Sheriff, &c. not challenge the Array: And the said Trustees aiding in the Premises, n ay k'lc&'of haye Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Duty?C Junes on such Sheriff, Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Agents, or such Coroner* making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons uh6 shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, junlgfs prevented by Sickness or other sufficient Cause, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or on being so sworn, refusing to give, or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons, who being required to give Evidence before the said jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence; provided that any such Fine shall not exceed the Sum of Ten. Pounds upon any such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner,! and the Sum of Five Pounds upon any other Person for any such Offence.

How the Purchase Money is to paid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, Recompence, and Satisfaction, which shall be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies which shall arise and be produced by Virtue of this AO, to the Parties or Persons respectively intitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in Case of Refusal to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, and after Ten Days Notice thereof to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, all Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in such Lands or Grounds, shall thenceforth be diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, and Interest, and Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame, and such Lands or Grounds shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be by them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become, and for ever afterwards be, a common Highway and Turnpike Road, and shall be deemed Part of the Road to be repaired by Virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired accordingly.

How the Ex.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in Cafe any Jury shall give in and

pence? of the deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recom pence for the paid 1 0 R'ght, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons, in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage, to be by him, her, or them sustained than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that

then

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 817

then and in such Case, the full Colls and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, out of the Monies to arise by Virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or for less Money, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then the full Colls and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Colls and Expences having been ascertained and settled by the Mailer of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, or any one of the Prothonotaries of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, either of whom is hereby authorised and required on Rtquest to examine and settle the fame, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as lb much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Colls and Expences, in Case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, in and by such Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided, for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall by Reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Dwelling Act contained, shall empower the said Trustees, or any other Person or ^ouf^G^ Persons, to pull down or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, d*J not or to take away or damage any Ground having been used as a Garden, maged. Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Avenue to a House, or Plantation, or Nursery for Trees, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months then lad pall, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of every such Dwelling House, or other Building, Gardens, Orchard, Yard,

Park, Paddock, Walk, Avenue, or Plantation, or Nursery for Trees respectively, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, under their respective Hand or Hands, for that Purpose first had and obtained, other than and except a Garden in the Township or Liberty of Spittlegate aforesaid, occupied with a Cottage or Tenement now belonging to Sir William Manners, Baronet, in the Tenure of William Shirley, which Garden it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, having first made, or offered to make. Satisfaction or Recompence for the same to the Proprietor thereof, in Manner before directed, to purchase and make use of for the Purposes of this Act, without any such Consent as aforesaid; but adequate Compensation shall be made by the said Trustees, to the respective Owners of such of the said Dwelling Houses and Tenements as shall be taken for the Purposes of this Act, which Compensation shall be ascertained and paid in such Manner as is herein-before provided in that Behalf.

[k.yf(r.] 9X

XII. Pro-

818

Roads discontinued not to be repaired.

Trustees empowered to fell Ground not wanted for the Purposes of this

Aa.

Persons from whom such Lands, &c. have been purchased to have the Preference.

Application of Compensation Money when amounting to Two Hundred Pounds.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in Case the ancient or former Road over any Common or Waite Ground shall, by Virtue of this Act, be turned, altered, or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Parish, Township, or Place wherein the ancient or former Road, which shalt thereby be left or discontinued Iieth, shall not be obliged to repair such ancient or former Road, unless'the lame leads to some Town, Village, or Hamlet, with which the new Road doth not communicate.

LXII. And whereas, by Reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make by Virtue of this Act, they may happen to be seized of some Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find mod advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, shall first: offer to refelt the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground, and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to re-purchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Mader Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way intereded in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be diffident Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and that it was not agreed to, or was refused, by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be"); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed, with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales, which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, if the fame amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 819

countant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex por'.c the Truf.ees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the fain Court, to be fLnified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a futntnary Way hv the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, o>- such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authcrife to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

Handing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Truffs. Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inveffed, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood lettled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who w'ould for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, ill case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Jb agreed or awarded to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability, or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lets than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) ill order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation oft;ie Court of Chancery.

*2 XLVI. Pro-

Application when the Compensation is less than Two Hundred Pounds and exceeds Twenty Pounds.

1

820

Application when the Money is less than twenty Pounds.

In Cafe of not making out Titles.

Or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid to the Bank.

Subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any Questio shall arise touching the Title to Money, to be paid to the Person who shall be in Possession of the Land, &c.

44° GEORGII 111. Cap. 50.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the-fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in Case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money, shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased by Virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in Case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (describing the m); subject to the Order, Controul and Dispofuion of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities; the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Pof-

fefEoa

821

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

session of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuity, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entiled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when by Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by Virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

L. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Trustees shall widen, turn or alter any Part or Parts of the said Road, or make any new Road over and through any inclosed Lands or Grounds, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made proper Walls, or Quicksets, or other Fences where necessary, as the Case shall require, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Road, and also shall make proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches where necessary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep the Quickset Fences so to be made in Good Order and Repair, for the Term of Six Years from the Time that such Quickset Fences shall have been made or planted.

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any particular Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Water-courses, lying in and upon the fame Road, have been accustomed or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Poli.ic or Corporate, by Reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or by the Parts of Kejieven in the County of Lincoln, any Ward, Parish, or Township therein, or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part and Parts of the said Road, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, shall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, County, Wards, Parishes, or Townships respectively, and in such Manner as the fame ought to have been respectively maintained and kept in Repair, in Cafe this Act had not been made.

I.II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons by Law chargeable towards repairing any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges thereon, shall (till remain so chargeable, and shall do their respect[Lec. fcf Per.J 9 T tive

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

New Roads to be fenced by the Trustees.

Lands

chargeable to the Repairs of Roads and Buildings to continue so.

Statute Duty to be continued*

I

822

How Statute Work, to be apportioned.

Parish Surveyors to deliver in Lifts of Persons liable to do Statute Work.

Penalty on Surveyors making Default.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. so.

live Statute and other Work in or upon the said Road, and the other Highways of the Parishes, Townships or District in which the said Road lies, in like Manner as before the passing of this Act (subject nevertheless to the Regulations hereinafter expressed concerning the same); and where any old Road shall be discontinued by Virtue of this Act, such Statute and other Work shall be performed upon the new Road made in Lieu thereof.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law, are or shall be chargeable with Statute Work, towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed and authorised to be made and repaired, shall Yearly and every Year, if thereunto required by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, in pursuance of an Order of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Kejieven or Soke of Grantham aforesaid, do and perform such Proportion of their Statute Work, and on such Parts of the said Road within their respective Townships, Parishes, Places and Divisions, and in such Manner, as the said Justices shall direct or require, which said Annual Proportion shall not exceed the Proportion which the said Parts of Turnpike Road shall bear to the other Roads in such Parish, Township, Place, or Division respectively, to be repaired and amended by Statute Labour, respect being at the same Time had in adjusting such Proportion to the Use and Wear of the said different Roads.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of and for every of the Parishes, Townships, Places, or Division through which the said Road palfes, shall and they are hereby required, Yearly and every Year, within Ten Days after Notice in Writhing signed by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or Surveyor to the said Trustees, in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of any Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting for the Parts of Kejieven or Soke of Grantham aforesaid, shall be given to him or them,or left at his or their House or Houses, or last Place of Habitation, for that Purpose, to return and deliver to the Pevson making such Demand, true and perfect Lifts in Writing, under their respective Hands, of the Christian and Surname of every Person in the said respective Parishes, Townships, Places, and Divisions respectively, who are liable to do Statute Work or Duty, and shall in such Lifts and every of them distinguish and set forth, which of such Persons keep a Team or Teams, and what Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and to what annual reputed Value they respectively occupy, and which of them are Labourers, or liable to do Statute Duty as Labourers only; and such respective Parish or Township Surveyors within Six Days after Notice shall have been given them or any of them, in pursuance of an Order of any Two such Justices as last aforesaid, of the Time when and what Part of the Statute Work so chargeable as aforesaid, such Justices have ordered to be done, in or upon any Part or Parts of the said Road (provided the fame does not exceed the Proportion aforesaid) shall summon or give Notice thereof, in the Mode prescribed by Law, to the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors, shall neglect or refuse to do as he and they is and are hereby required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorrect or imperfect Lifts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such Refusal and Neglect, a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds: And each and every Person who shall refuse or neglect to

7*

823

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 5o.

do such Statute Duty as they shall be directed to do by such Justices, after

Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their

usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said

Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of

any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and

liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons

may be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect,

for the Repair of the Public Highways: And if any Person who shall come And on Per-

to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent, with any Team or Draught to !ons neg|e<^-

work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor "statute

to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and Work.

turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in

that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective

Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to

come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to lime when they may judge necessary, to compound and agree, by the Year or otherwise, with the Owners and Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable or chargeable with or towards the Repair of any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers or Water Courses', lying in and upon the fame; or the Performance of Statute Work thereon, for the Payment of a Sum or Sums of Money, in Lieu of such Repairs and Statute Work respectively; and also for the respective Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townfln'ps, and Districts, through which the said Road pafles, to compound and agree, by the Year or otherwise, with the said Trustees, for and in Lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, and Districts, upon any Part or Parts of the said Road.

Statute and other Work may be compounded for.

I.VI. And be it further enacted, That in Case the Composition Money For recover-agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or in mS Lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts ^mP°,tioa of such Cotn Money respectively,shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Kesteven or Soke of Grantham, in the said County of Lincoln, as the Case may be, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorised to receive such Composition Money (Oath having been first made before such Trustees, or such Justice or Justices, that the fame hath been demanded and remains due; which Oath they are hereby respectively empowered to administer) to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons having so compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) after deducing such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

1

824

How Surveyors of the Highways are to be re-imbursed and Composition Money paid by them.

Trustee3 may contract for Repairs.

Mile Stones and Direction Pods to be erected-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways, who shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom the same shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the Corn-position Moiiey, paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Coils and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways and Means, and in such Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LVni. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, is and are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, railing, widening, and repairing the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, Or any Arches or Bridges upon the fame, and for doing any other Work by this Act authorized to be done, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper; and alto to cOtttraft with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Payment of any annual Sum or Sums in gross, as a Compensation or Satisfaction for any Loss, Injury, or Damage which he, she, or they shall or may sustain, by carrying this Act into Execution; and all Coritrafts in Writing, for any of the Purposes aforesaid which shall be entered into pursuant to an Order made at' any Meeting by the said Trustees, shall be binding to and upon all Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors, and Administrators, and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Coils recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

I.IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause the said Road to be measured, and Mile Stones or Pods to be set up, and from Time to Time renewed, on the Sides thereof respectively, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles artd Distance of Places, and also proper Direction Polls where any other Roads lead out of or into the said Road; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull down, destroy, or damage any of the Stones or Posts which shall be so fixed or set up, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions or Letters which shall be engraven or made thereon, or on any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

Penalty on

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

adaulting assault, interrupt, hinder, or disturb, or cause, promote, or encourage the

tile Execu- ailaulting, interrupting, hindering, or disturbing the Collectors of the Tolls, tion of this or any or either of them, or the Turnpike Surveyor, or any Person or Persons employed by him, or by the said Trustees, in the Execution of any Part of this Act, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

ha'ih!'! °n

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall haul or draw. Timber or or cau^e to he hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road, excepting Stones on the only on crofting the fame, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, other-Road. wife

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50;. 825

wife than upon wheeled Carriages; or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Road,"to the Prejudice thereof, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay any bum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and How Penal-Fine! by this Act imposed, or authorized to be inposed (the Manner of an4 For-levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise particularly directed)

shall, upon Proof of the Offences, and Conviction of the Offenders respect Vered and lively, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, applied. Division, or Dili rift wherein such Offences shall be committed, either by the Conftfiion of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath) and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines (if not otherwise directed by this Act) shall be paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in Cafe sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Goal or House of Correction for such County, Division, or District, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the recovering thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXIII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act, by TransientOf-Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers fenders may. or Persons employed in the Execution thereof; be it therefore further |^njPej,e* enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, or other Persons respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons, who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and to convey him* her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Division, District, or Place, where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby impowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his or their Appearance at the next Petty Sessions, to be holden for the County,

Division, District, or Place, where such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices presentat such Petty Sessions, or any One or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders,

[Lee. Per.2 9 Z—10 A either

826 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they, shall first be taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively, to commit him, her, or them, to the Goal or House of Correction for the County, Division, Dili rift, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed; there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless he, she, or they, shall sooner pay the respective Penalty by him or them incurred, for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

I,

XIV. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act; be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or in Words to the Effect following, mutalis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be:

Form of Con- Lmnlnshire') it remembered, that on [Time of Conviction] at [Place

fiction. 10 Wlt> 5 ‘ of Conviction] A.B. [Name of Offender] of [Addition of

Offender] was duly convicted before me (or us) [Name and Style of con-‘ victing Justice or Justices] for that the said A.B. [Name of Offender] on ‘ [Time of committing Offence] at [Place of committing Offence] did [here ‘ Jiate the Offence against the Act according to the FaCl] contrary to an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King ‘ George the Third, intituled [Here set forth the Title of this Act.\ and I

(or we) do therefore declare and adjudge that the said A.B. [Name of

Offender] has forfeited for the said Offence the Sum of [Fine] or shall ‘ be committed to [Place of Imprisonment] for the Space of [Time of Imprisonment]; Given under my Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals]

‘ the Day and Year first above written.’

Appeaho the

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

Quarter Sef- think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, by any Matter or Thing ‘uur*. done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Relief hath been

herein-before provided, such Person or Persons may, within Six Calender Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Session, to be holden for the Parts of Kefleven or Soke of Grantham, as the Case may be, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before such Justice of the Peace for the said Parts or Soke, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, by such Justices; and the Justices at their said Sessions, on due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed in, hear, and finally determine, the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against, as they shall think proper, and their Determinations shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

Tt-cafurers, LX

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they &c. to give are hereby required, to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treafu-

#a rers.

827

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

rers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and from any other Officers to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of Proceedings the said Trustees, in the Execution of this Act, shall be entered in a Book |° a or Books to be provided and kept by the Clerk to the said Trustees for that Purpose, and shall be signed by all or the major Part of the Trustees present at the Meeting at which each respective Order or Proceedings shall be made or had, and that every such Book shall be open at all seasonable Times to the Inspection of any of the said Trustees, who shall be at Liberty to take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, without Fee or Reward; which said Entries duly signed as aforesaid, shall be deemed Originals, and the fame or true Copies thereof, and also the Book directed to be kept for re- Books to be giftering Mortgages and Transfers, or a true Copy thereof, shall be read Evidence, and admitted as Evidence in Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits and Actions, in any Court whatever, touching any Thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing which shall be done against or by virtue of this Act, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, without the Consent of the said Trustees, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose; but that the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time being, to the Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Case may be, in every such Action; and every such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation«f Commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pur- A&ionn. fuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall have been given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, of the said Road, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Parly or Parties aggrieved, nor after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Fast being committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County of Lincoln, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action, shall or may, at his, her, or their Election, plead specially or the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act;

and

Trustees may

sue and be sued in the Name of their Cleric or Treasurer.

828

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Expiration of the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Def endants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases by Law.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being pleaded specially.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Place upon the Third Tuesday next after the passing thereof, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and front thence to the End of then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON, Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

S GEORGII III. REGIS.

ml > i

’ A " ' ’ tr. i j-

Cap. si.

An Act for altering and amending several Acts for making and repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Haddington; for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Dunglass Bridge to the Town of Haddington, and from theme to Ravenfhaugh Burn, in the County of Haddington; and by another Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Dunglass Bridge to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenfhaugh Burn in the County of Haddington; and by another Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers if Two Acts of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High, Roads from Dunglass Bridge to the Town of Haddington, a*d from thence to Ravenfhaugh Burn, in the County of Haddington; and for making, amending, altering, widening, and keeping in repair, certain Branches of the said Roads, within the said County; certain [Z.»r. ft? Per."} jo B Persons

«] G.». c. 17.

9 G. 3. c. 74.

33 G. 3. c. 163.

I

8^4 44-° GEORGII III. Cap. $ i.

Persons were appoii ted Tiufttes for those Purposes, with Power to levy Tolls upon the said Roads, and to borrow Money on the Credit thereof, and various other Powers and Authorities were granted to them: And whereas great Progress hath been made in making, amend* ing, altering, widening, and repairing the Roads in the said Affs mentioned; but ibme of the said Roads ftnl require to be altered and improved, particularly, by shortening the Communication from Garvaid to North Berwick, by making a new Road from, at, or near Crojsgalehall, until it shall join the present North Berwick Road, at or near East Fortune, and by avoiding Hills on the Great Turnpike Road from Linton to Haddng-ton, and thus making the Accels to Haddington shorter and more ealy, and all’o by widening the Road at and from the present C'ofs Bar at Wallyford, to the Western Boundary of the said County of Haddington, adjoining to the County of Edinburgh: And whereas it is expedient that Power should be given to the said Trustees to advance a Sum of Money towards building a New Bridge across the River EJk, at MuJJi.lbu.rgb, in the County of Edinburgh, and to render the Accel's to the Capital of Scotland from the said County of Haddington more easy; and also, thac the Site or the Toll Bars at present erected upon the said Roads should be altered and varied: And whereas the Roads leading from Stent n by Bearford to Haddington, and from Gifford to Haddington; from Huntington Dykes and by fralronn to Long Niddry, and from thence to the Society of Gladfmutr; and from Seaton to the Great Turnpike Road; and from Tranent to Ormijion; are in bad Condition, and cannot be kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And whereas the afore laid Objects cannot be ac. complished unless the Term given, and the Powers and Authorities, as well with respect to the levying at Tells as to the Performance of Statute Labour, granted by the said recited A its, and also by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-riine, being the Sixteenth Act of the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, Act for repairing Highwayes and Bridges, should be enlarged, altered, and amended, so as to make the fame etfedtual and adequate to the present Times, and the Uses and Purposes to whrch such Powers and Authorities are, by the said recited Acts, intended and di-ke&edto be applied and enforced: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent ? 'Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by AtyAimi&wt the Authority of the same, That, in place of the Trustees appointed by lion of " belaid recited Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His ikI!01 u‘ "prefeitt Majesty, every Perl'on who is at present or shall be at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, in his own Right or in the Righx of his Wife, in the actual PoflelFion and Enjoyment as a Proprietor or Life Renter, of the full Property or Dominium Utile of Lands lying in the said County of Haddington, valued on the Tax Roll of the said County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and all and every 'the eldest Sons of such Persons, and the Sheriff Depute of the County of Haddington, and the Chief Magistrates of the Towns of Haddington, Dunbar, and North Berwick for the Time being, accepting and acting as such (except as herein-after excepted), shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads in the said recited Acts mentioned, and the Roads herein-before described; and likewise for putting in Execu-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. ^1. 835

tian all the Powers in and by the Paid recited Acts and this Act given} and the Trustees hereby appointed shall hold their Meetings in the Manner in which the Trustees appointed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign are directed to hold their Meetings; and all the Powers and Authorities given and granted to such Trustees, by the said rrcired Acts, are hereby given and granted to the Trustees appointed by this Act.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly provided and declared, penalty for That no Person, unless qualified os aforesaid, or acting as Chief Magistrate

in lb me One of the Burghs aforesaid, shall be entitled to act as a Trustee qualified.' under this or the said recited Acts; and if any Person or Persons, so incapacitated, shall nevertheless presume to ad, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, for every Time he (hill ad as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, to be recovered by Action, Complaint, or Petition, in a funimary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the said County, before the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before’ the Judge Ordinary; the One Half thereof to be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Half thereof to the Trustees aforesaid, to be applied by them for the repairing of the said Roads j and in case any such Suit or Complaint shall be entered before any of the Courts aforesaid, the Person complained of shall be obliged to prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or other wise shall forfeit the said Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, without any Proof or Evidence to be brought on the Part of the Plaintiff, other than that the Person complained of had acted as a Trustee for executing the several Powers and Authorities in this Act contained.

III. And, in order to shorten the Communication from Ganoid to North Improvement Berwick, and to avoid Hilis on the Great Turnpike Road from Hadding- b'twe'n°Gar-ion to Linton, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said vain and North Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, assembled at a General or between Harf-Adjourned Meeting, held in the Manner diredrd by the said recited Act Uwgttn and passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of H s present Majesty, and

such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, so assembled, shall authorize and appoint, are hereby empowered to make a New Line of Road from, at, or near Crojfgatehall, until it shall join the present North Berwick Road, at or near East Fortune, upon the Security of or out of the Money arising from the Tolis.and Duties hereby authorized to be levied, at Toll Bars to be placed upon the said Road; and also to alter the present Line of Road betwixt Haddington and Linton, by lowering the fame at the Hill at Pencraik, out of the Money to be boirowed upon the Security of or arising from the Tolls and Duties that shall be levied upon the Great Post Road in virtue of this Act.

IV. And whereas, the Road between Wallyford Toll Bar and Lavenhall improv«ment

at the East Er.d of Mujftlburgh Links in the Counties of Haddingtoji and of-.the Road Edinburgh, is extremely narrow and dangerous, and it is advisable to alter "

the Direction of the said Road to the South of Drummcrc, whereby a larger B-ir all'1 Portion of the fame than heretofore will he allotted to the Trustees of the onfie'tsfidge County of Edinburgh, for the making and repairing thereof; and the Bridge at Mujdburgh, over the River EJk, at Mujfelburgh, being at present narrow, inconvenient,

and dangerous, and it being necessary to the rebuilding of the fajnc, as

authorized

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

authorized by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enlarging and altering the Powers of\ and rendering more effectual, fever a! dels of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty, and of the Fourth, Twenty fourth. Twenty-fifth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, that the Trailers of the said County of Haddington (for the Convenience and Interest of which la ft. mentioned County, the said Bridge, though locally situated in the County of Edinburgh, is highly material) should be at liberty to contribute to the rebuilding thereof; be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, are hereby authorized and empowered to pay, or cause to be paid, out of the Funds under their Management, to the Trustees for the Turnpike Roads in the said County of Edinburgh, or to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by them,orany Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, towards the aforesaid Alteration of the Road from IVallyford Toil Bar to Lavenhall, and the rebuilding of Musselburgh Bridge, the Sum ot One thuuland five hundred Pounds Sterling, the said Bridge being on that account to b- free of Toll or Pontage, or any other Exaction, in all Time coining; and laving always and reserving to the respective Counties ad Right to which they ar entitled, under the various Acts now in lorce, for making and repai-ing the Turnpike and other High Roads, in the said County of Edinburgh, anti also thofe specified in an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Yenrt f His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of federal , Tit of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty eighth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for making the same more fffeTlual.

Road, to^ V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said oiTection, but Trustees or any Seven or more of them at a General Meeting assembled, not to injure to cause the said Improvements and new Lines of Road, to be mad- in Homes, be. [)jrcftion that shall be deemed bed and mod beneficial to the Public, upon the Report of a skilful Surveyor to be employed for that (;ecial Purpose upon Oath to the bed of his Judgment, which Oath any Justice of the Peace of the said County is hereby empowered to administer, notwithstanding the fame should be carried through Plantation or Nur-lery Ground, on paying all Damages done to the Proprietors and Occupiers thereof; provided that the same shall be done so as not to occasion the Demolition of any House, the Side Walls of which are of the Height of Eighteen Feet, or to injure any Garden exceeding Half an Acre, or any Avenue to any House, or any Plantation of I rees adjoining the fame, planted prior to the passing of this Act, without the Con. sent of the Owner or Owners thereof first had and obtained.

Trustees may

VI. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the Twenty-ToUBars. fifth Day of July next, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they, or any Seven or more of them, assembled at a General or Adjourned Meeting held in the Manner directed by the said recited Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, so assembled, shall authorize and appoint, are hereby empowered toereft, or cause to be erected, a Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in or

across

44° G E ORGII III. Cap. 11.

acroF any Part or Parts of the Highways or Roads described in the said recited Acts and in this Act; and also to erect and build, or cause to be erected or built, such Number of Toll Houses, as they, or any Seven or more of them, at a General or Adjourned Meeting assembled, shall think fir, in or upon the fame, to be vetted in the said Trustees as Toll Houses are by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign directed to be veiled, and to demand and take, or authorize and appoint to be demanded and taken, at the Toll Bars already erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, the several Tolls and Duties herein-after mentioned, to be levied in the Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by this Act, beloie any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calalh, Chair, Hearse, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage whatever, shall be permitted to pass through any of the said Gates or Turnpikes-, that is to say, upon the Poll Road leading from Dunglass Bridge to Raven/haugh Bridge,

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Calalh, Curricle, or Hearse, Tolls, drawn by Six Horses, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum noc exceeding Nine Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings and Three-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Three Shillings Sterling:

For every Chaise or Chair, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, drawn by Five or more Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Seven Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Three Shill ngs Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Three-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses,

Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling Sterling; an.) drawn by One Horse, Ox, or Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing in any Carriage, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Three-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for every greater or lei's Number:

F. r every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, a Sum not exceeding Seven-pence Halfpenny Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for every greater or less Number:

Three Fourths of the Tolls and Duties aforesaid upon the Road leading from Ravenjhaugh Bridge by North Berwick to Tyningham and Dunbar;

One Half of the said Tulls and Duties upon the Road from KilpalLel Burn to ‘Tranent, and from Whiltin^bam and Garvald to Tranent, and from Ravenjhaugh Bridge by Long Niddry to Tyningham and Dunbar; and One Fourth of the said Tolls and Duries upon the Road from Tranent to Sailer ford, and from Ormijfon to Bainjley, or Birjley Park, and from Gladf-tnuir Kirk towards Dalkeith to Hillend, and from Stenton by Bearford to Haidtn ton, and from Gijjord to Haddington, and from Garvald to North Berwick by Crojfgatehaii:

[Lot. Per.] to C

Which

838

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Which said respective Sum and Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in Name of and as a Toll or Duty; and the Money so to be raised and collected thereby shall be and is hereby vested in the said Trustees in Manner mentioned in the said recited Acts, and the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of or assigned to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, by the said Acts and this Act directed; and for the amending and keeping in Repair the Roads aforesaid in the said County, upon which the Tolls aforesaid shall be respectively levied and taken; or to the building of new Bridges thereupon, where the same shall be found necessary; so as each particular Road may have its own Produce.

How Surplus

VII. And whereas by the said recited Act, passed ir, the Ninth Year of the Sl'koaifmaT ^e'Pn of His present Majesty, ic is enacted, that the Surplus of the Tolls be applied. and Duties thereby authorized to be levied, after answering certain Purposes therein mentioned, should be applied in making and repairing the other great Roads leading into the said Poll Road from the South; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at some General or Adjourned Meeting assembled, to apply the Whole or any Part of the Surplus of the Tolls and Duties hereby authorized to be levied on the said Great Poll Road, after defraying the Expence of this Act in the Manner herein directed, paying the Intcrelt of the Debt which may be con trailed thereon, keeping the said great Poll Road in Repair, and letting apart annually a Sum equal to the Interest of the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls levied upon the Great Pod Road, as a Sinking Fund, to be applied in Discharge of the Principal Money so borrowed until Three Fourths of the fame be paid off, in Aid of the Fund applicable to the Repair of Inch Roads, or any of them, that shall appear to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any General or Adjourned Meecing assembled, to Hand most in need of such Aid: Provided always, that Notice shall be given of such Meeting by Advertisement, specifying the Purpose of the Meeting, at least Twice in Three Edinburgh Newspapers, and at least Three Weeks before such Meeting; and if such Surplus shall befo applied at any General or Adjourned Meeting without previous Advertisement as aforesaid, each and every Tiuftee present at such Meeting, and concurring in such Application, shall be personally liable in double the Amount of the whole Sum so applied, at the Suit of any One or more of the other Trustees under this Act, or the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees; One Half whereof, when recovered, shall be paid to the Person or Persons suing for the fame, and the other Half shall be applied in the Repair of any of the said Roads, except that Road to which it had been so directed to be applied.

Toll to be le.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons paying at any vied on each of the Turnpikes authorized by this or the said recited Acts to be erected Lme of Hoad. upon any 0j the several Lines of Road therein and herein described, shall be entitled to receive a Ticket to carry such Person or Persons tree through any of the Turnpikes erected, or tobeeredted, upon any other or differenc Lines of Road, but the full Toll, hereby authorized to be levied and taken shall be leviable upon each Line of Road respectively; unless tn Situations where the Toll Bar upon any of the said Roads, being within Six Miles of a Toll Bar upon any other of the said Roads, it shall be resolved by (

»39

44° GEORGII III. Cap. $ r.

the said Trustees at any General Meeting, that a Ticket received at the One of such Toll Bars shall entitle the Receiver to pass Toll free at the other.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Tolls shall be levied upon Lime in the Manner directed by the said recited Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall be subject to such and the fame Exemptions as are therein specified; and the said Tolls may, with the Consent of Four Fifths of the Persons who have already lent or advanced, or may hereafter lend or advance. Money on the Credit thereof, be lessened and may again be raised, so as not to exceed the Tolls hereby granted, in the Manner in which the Tolls and Duties granted by the said recited Act might be lessened and raised.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Calalh, Curricle, Chair, Litter, Waggon, Cart, Wain, Carriage, Horse, Als, Mule, or any other Sort of Carriage or Cattle, travelling the Road commonly called The Spot Road, to and from the Town of Dunbar, shall not be liable to pay Toll more than Once in One Day, although passing with different Loadings; and that any Five or more Trustees shall have Power at any adjourned Meeting to compound by the Year, or otherwise, with Persons using the said Spot Road.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Seven or more of the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, shall have Power to compound by the Year, or otherwise, with all Persons travelling not more than Two hundred Yards on any Part of the Roads aforesaid, for the Tolls to be paid by such Persons, for and in respect of such travelling within such Distance.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That loaded Carts, or other Carriages, of whatever Denomination, carrying Commodities from Dunbar to the Mills belonging to the said Town, for the Purpose of being manufactured at the Mills aforesaid, erected or to be erected, and carried back to the said Town when so manufactured, shall pay only the Half of the Toll that shall be levied at the Toll Bar, erected or that may be erected, betwixt the said Town and the Mills aforesaid, for going and returning loaded to the Mills aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Carts, or other Carriages, as aforesaid, shall be drawn on Wheels with the Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, and shall otherwise be of the Description of Carriages herein immediately after made liable to the Payment of Half-Toll only, then such Carriages, from Dunbar, shall have a Total Exemption from Toll at such Toll Bar.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no more than One Half of the Tolls herein-before specified, shall be demanded or taken, for the Passage of any Cart or other Carriage drawn upon Wheels, the Fellies whereof shall be of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, and of an even or level Surface, and cylindrical, and the opposite Ends of the Axle-trees of which shall not form an Angle with each other, as immediately herein after particularly described.

Toll to be levied on Lime, as directed by 33 0-3. 0.163. Exemptions thereby granted to continue, and Tolls may be lessened.

One Toll to be paid on the Spot Road.

Trustees may compound for Tolls from Persons not travelling more than *00 Yards on the Roads.

Carts carrying Commodities to Dunbar, to pay only Half Toll i but if with broad Wheels then totally exempted.

Carriages with broad Wheels to pay only Half Toll.

840

Tolls on Carriages of heavy Weight.

Trustee- may erect Side Bars.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of July next, the said Trustees may demand and take, at the several Turnpike Gates or Bars eretled under the Authority of the said recited ACIs, or to be erected pursuant to this Act, for and in respect of all Carts or other Carriagts used for the Purposes of Trade, Hufbm-dry or Commerce, the additional Tolls following; videlicet, If the Cai-riage with its Burden or Loading shall exceed Twenty-six hundred Weight, and shall be under Thirty-four hundred Weight, One Halt more in addition to the Tolls and Duties herein-before specified; and if the said Carriage and its Burden or L acting shall be Thirty-four hundred Weight or upwards, Double the said Tolls and Duties; which additional Tolls, so authorized to be levied, shall not be held to be Penalties, but the just and fair Toll Duties due and payable for such Carriages used for the Purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for any General Meeting of the Trustees to erect, or cause to be ercdted, on such Parts of the said Roids as they shall think proper, or on the Sides thereof. Weighing Machines, at which all Persons travelling with Carts and Carriage' uled for the Purposes of Trade, Husbandry, or Commerce, shall be obliged, when required by the Collector, Toll-gatherer, or by any Trustee, to weigh every such Carriage when parting or intending to pass through any such Turnpike Gate: Provided always, that no such Cart or Carriage shall be chargeable with additional Toll for or in respetfl of the Weight thereof, if the Fellies of the Wheels of such Carriage shall be of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, whether consisting of One or more Tiers: And provided also, that the Fellies of the said Wheels shall be cylindrical, that is to lay, of the fame Diameter on the Inside next to the Carriage, and on the Outside, and in every intermediate Part between the Inside and the Outside, so that when rolling on a flat Surface, the whole Breadth of such Fellies shall bear equally on such flat Surface: And provided also, that the opposite Ends of the Axle-trees of such Carriages, as far as the same shall be inferred into the Naves of the Wheels, shall not form any Angle with each other, but shall be in the Continuation of One ltraight Line, so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriages the lower Parts which shall rest on the Ground shall be at the fame Distance from each other as the opposite or upper Part of the said Pair of Wheels: And provided also, that every Perlim claiming such Abatement of Toll on Account of such broad-wheeled Carriages, shall permit the lame to be examined and measured by any Person concerned in the Collection of the said Tolls.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, to erefl and cause to be erefb d, One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the Roads aforesaid, or acrois any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, or upon any Road leading parallel to the said Turnpike Roads, which shall and may be used to evade Payment of the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken and levied as aforesaid, particularly upon the Road leading from the Great Turnpike Road by Huntington Dykes and Bangley Broebead towards Garleton-, also upon the Road leading from the Great Turnpike Road through the Village of Trabrcwn, upon the Road fir.king off from the Great Turnpike Road to the Westward of the Society Northward; upon the Road from Seaton to the Great Turnpike Road; upon the Road from

841

44° GEORGII III. Cap. sr.

from Tranent to Ormiston, and there to take and receive such Tolls as are by this Act granted and made payable; but a Ticket shall be given at such Bar, which shall entitle the Receiver to pass the same Day through the next Turnpike on the fame Line of such Road, if within Six Miles of such Cross Bar, Toll-free; and it also shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to build Fences to prevent any Person or Persons, travelling the said Roads, from evading the Payment of any of the Tolls or Duties granted by this Act: Provided always, that the Sums of Money hereby authorized to be levied at the said Bye-Bars shall be allotted and applied towards the upholding and keeping in repair the several Cross Roads upon which the same are respectively drawn and collected.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be Two or more Tol'smayb* Turnpikes or Toll-Bars erected in, across, or on the Side of any of the d1^t^and said Roads, then and in such Case the Toll hereby granted and made a 0e payable shall be divided and allotted into so many Parts, Shares, and Proportions as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct or appoint, and such Parts thereof shall be taken and received, at such and lo many of the said Turnpikes or Toll-Bars, as by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall be ordered and appointed for that Purpose, and not otherwise; so as that the Money arising from the Toll of such Bar or Turnpike shall always be, in the first Place, applied to the repairing and keeping in repair the Cross or Bye Roads, or Branch of the principal Road on which such Toll Bar or Turnpike is placed.

XVII. And whereas it has been found that a considerable Part of the Tolls Provision for collected at the Turnpike erected at the West Port of Haddington arise

from Carts and other Carriages and Horses going or coming by the Road leading from the said Port towards Pencaitland-, be it therefore enacted.

That the Sum of Sixty Pounds Sterling, while the Tolls collcded at the said Bar remain at the Rates now levied, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be appropriated and applied annually if needful, for keeping in Repair that Part of the said Road, out of the Tolls collected at the said West Port Toll Bar, in Aid of the Statuce Work; and the said Sum so to be annually applied, shall be increased in the Ratio of such additional Toll as may be levied at the said West Port of Haddington, in virtue of this Act.

XVIII. And for the more effectual and speedy Reparation of the said Trustees em« Roads, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the b°Jrow Mo-said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting affem- ney; bled, and they are hereby authorized, to borrow, over and above the Sums authorized to be raised under the Authority of the said recited Acts,

upon the Credit of the Tolls that may be levied by the Authority of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Eighteen thousand Pounds Sterling, at an Interest not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling per Centum per Annum j and they are hereby autho- Application riztd and empowered to alGgn and make over any Part of the said borrowed!"'* respective Tolls, during the Continuance of this Act (the Charges Toll* may be of such Assignment to be paid out cf such Tolls), as a Security or Secu- signed in rities, for the Money respectively borrowed on the Credit thereof, to s"u‘lty* such Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Sum or Sums of ILoc. y Per.2 10 D Money,

842

Alignments to be entered in a Book.

Trustees may apportion the Sum in the Manner directed by 33 G. 3.0. 163.

Notice to be given of Intention to borrow.

Trustees empowered to purchase, and Proprietors required to fell, Land for the Purposes of this Act,

44° GEORGII III. &1/.51,

Morey, their Heirs, Executors, and Assigns, for the Money so to be lent or advanced, wiih Interest for the fame; which Sums of Money are to be applied for the making and repairing of the said Roads, according to such Orders and Directions as shall be issued and given from Time to Time by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at a General or Adjourned Meeting assembled; and when the Sums so borrowed shall in Whole or in Part be applied and accounted for to the said Trustees at their General Meeting assembled, and by their Order paid off to the Creditor or Creditors, the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, are hereby empowered to borrow anothtr Sum of Money equal to that by them so paid off as aforesaid; and the Assignment of the Toils for all or any Sum of Money lo borrowed, shall be entered in a Book, to be kept by the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, which Book shall be leen and peruled at all reasonable Tirms, by any Person or Persons qualified to act as Trustees, without Fee or Reward.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, if they shall see Caule, at the F'irft Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, or at any subsequent Meeting, to divide and apportion the said Sum of Eighteen thousand Pounds Sterling, in the Manner in which Money borrowed in virtue of the said recited Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of Elis present Majesty's Reign, is directed to be divided and apportioned, and being so divided and apportioned, each Sum so allotted shall be borrowed, and the Tolls and Duties levied pursuant to this Act shall be the Security thereof, in the Manner in which, upon such Division and Apportionment, Money may be borrowed in virtue of the said recited Act, and the Tolls thereby granted may be made the Security for such Money: Provided always, that it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees to charge or make liable the Tolls to be levied upon One Line of Road with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or the Interest thereof, allotted to and borrowed for another Line of Road.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees, on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and to be collected, unless Notice for that Purpose shall be fixed in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon all and every the Turnpike Gate or Gates, erected by virtue of this Act, at least Fourteen Days before the borrowing such Money, and also advertising the lame in Two of the Edinburgh Newspapers, Fourteen Days at least previous to the General Meeting at which such borrowing is to take place.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Hufbaods, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity are hereby empowered and required to fell, let, and convey all such Ground as may be necessary for the making, altering, and improving the said Roads or any of them, and erecting the said Toll Bars and Toll Houses, or any of them, or for storing Materials or otherwise, where

Ground

8 43

44° GEORGII III. Cop. 5E

Ground is necessary in the Execution of the said recited Acts or of this y\ft, making such Satisfaction to the Proprietor or Proprietors, and Occupier or Occupiers, as can be agreed upon by and between the said Truf-rees and such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers; and in the Event that they cannot agree, then upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded by a Jury of Fifteen Persons, summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of the County in such Manner as Juries are summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, whose Determination is hereby declaied to be final without being subject to Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction; and in the Event that such Jury (had award a larger Sum than may have been offered by the said Trustees, the Expence attending such Jury shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted j and if such Jury shall award no more cr any Sum less than that offered by the said Trul-tees, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the Person or Persons who shall not have agreed with the said Trustees: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Person shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating wi h the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees: Provided also, that after having offered to any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Land, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, ic shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands, for the Purposes of this or the said recited Acts.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if,any Money shall be agreed or Apd'cnion awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased, taken, or uled, by virtue of the Powers of this Act or the said recited Acts, amounting to for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life looi Kents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Courc of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have b;en entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall noc be I’o applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, anti in the same Manner, as the Lands, *Tenements, and Heritages, which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be cxifling undetcrminfed and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be

made,

844 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

made, the interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XXIII. Provided always, and be further enacted, That if any Money so Monty'when agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages under 100l. purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to and above20/. any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Ca'es the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money and the interest arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable.

Application of

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

neylf under°* a8ree<^ or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than

ao /. Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to

the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to logout whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Purchase Mo- Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited r*y w P«d Acts or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to of ScXftfor make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, Koyai Bank, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall Ordefof°thee be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons Court of Sef- entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, in the Name of some One of the principal Clerks of the Court of Session, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (describing the m,) subject to the Order. Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Session, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Petition, the said Court shall be and is

hereby

845

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds or upon heritable Security, or to order Distribution thereof, in Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland and Royal Bank, respectively, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into either of the said Banks as aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any provision in Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be case ijfqner-paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, under the tion‘bi<- iltle* Direction and by the Authority of the said Court of Session in pursuance of

this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or any Estates, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Acts, or to any Lands,

Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Rents or Profits thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hcritagi s, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, fopurchased, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fame other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by (reason F.xpences of of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, en- ^"^cehaft' titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased under the paid. Authority of this or the said recited Acts, the Purchase Money for the fame shall be required to be paid in to the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be lettled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid cut of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, or the Monies authorized by this or the said recited Acts to be borrowed by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Oldandnfelef*

Justices of the Peace of the said County to (hut up and suppress public Roads

of every Description which shall appear useless or of little Importance to

[Lcr. Cj? Per.] iq £ the

846

lroot Paths may be maiie.

Penalty for J’.-rfons riding cr driving Horses thereon.

tncrease of Bridge Money.

Lilt of Plough Gates to be corrected.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

the Public: Provided always, that Notice of every Application for that Purpose shall be previously given for Two consecutive Sundays by Intimation upon the Church Doors of the respective Parities through which the said Roads pass; and the Justices prefenc at the First or any subsequene General Sessions or Adjourned Sessions, after such Intimation has been given or reported, shall hear all Parties conceiving themselves to be aggrieved, and may exclusively in the first Instance determine as to the Glutting up and suppressing such Roads as to them shall appear just and reasonable; declaring nevertheless, that the ultimate Decision of the said Justices may be brought under the Review of the Court of Session, by Suspension or Reduction, in the Name of any Perf in imerested, at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months after the Date of such Decision; but if the Determination of the said Justices shall not be complained of, the same shall be final and conclusive in all Time coming: Provided always, that the Person or Persons applying for having such uleless Road or Roads shut up, shall pay a fair and adequate Value for the Ground thereby gained by them, which Price shall be applied in the Repair of any Road or Roads in the Parish, or in the immediate adjoining Parish, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby empowered to make, or cause to be made. Foot Paths on the Sides of all or any of the aforesaid Roads.

XXX. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be allowed to ride or drive any Horses, Cattle, Carts, or Carriages, upon the said Foot Paths; and if any Person or Persons shall, notwithstanding, presume so to do, such Person or Persons being convicted by the Oath of any One credible Witness, or on his own Confession, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Counry, or where the Offender shall reside, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person, brevi manu, to seize and carry any Person or Persons, so transgressing as aforesaid, before the nearest Justice of the Peace, for the Purpose of Conviction as aforesaid.

XXXI. And whereas the Sum of Ten Shillings Scots, being Tenpence Sterling, upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, authorized to be levied in the Name ot Bridge Money, by the above recited Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-nine, is now found to be insufficient and inadequate; be it therefore enabled. That it shall and may be lawful for the freeholders and Heritors of the County of Haddington, to ftent or assess the Heritors of the said County from Time to Time, as they may fee Cause, in any Sum not to exceed in the Whole Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, yearly, upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, to be levied and applied as the Old Assessment authorized by the said recited Act is therein directed to be levied and applied.

XXXII. And whereas there are sundry Plough Gates loft and unaccounted for in the several Parishes in the said County, which might still be made up and corrected, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

847

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

the Heritors and Justices of the Peace of the said County, in virtue of the Powers vested in them by the said Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to proceed, immediately after the Commencement of this Act, to make the Statute Labour of the County more effectual, by making up and correding the Lifts of Plough Gates, and converting and demanding the Rate of Conversion according to the ordinary Rate and Hire of Labour in that Part of the County where the same shall be performed at the Time, according to the several Powers and Provisions contained in the said Act.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Heritor of the said

County shall be entitled to vote at any Parochial Meeting held for the empowered to Allocation of the Statute Labour, unless he shall be, in his own Right or allocate the in the Right of his Wife, in the Possession and Enjoyment as Fiar or f^our.

- Life Renter of the full Property or Dominium Utile of Lands, situated in the Parish where such Meeting shall be held, rated in the Land Tax Roll or Valuation Books of the said County, at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent or upwards, or unless he be the eldest Son of an Heritor so qualified.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Trustees to the Justices of the Peace of the said County assembled at their Quarter statute'work. Sessions, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to ascertain what Proportion of the said Statute Labour of each of the Parishes, through

which the Roads aforesaid do pass, shall be annually set apart for the Roads aforesaid j and it also shall and may be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to allocate the Statute Labour of each particular Farm or Place in the Parishes aforesaid, to be applied in aid of the Monty levied at the Toll Bars aforesaid, for repairing the said Roads, and other Roads connected therewith, and that, either annually or for a Term of Years, as to them shall seem meet.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities, powers and Penalties and Forfeitures, given and granted, and directed to be ap- Authority of plied, enforced, and recovered, by the said recited Acts, for the several exTendcdo) Purposes therein mentioned, are hereby given and granted, and directed this Act.

to be applied, enforced, and recovered, for the Purposes of this Act, in the same Manner as if such Powers and Authorities, and Penalties and Forfeitures, had been repeated and incorporated in the Body of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the reasonable Charges and Ex- Expences of pences paid, or that shall be paid, in, about, or by Reason of the passing this Act how this Act, shall be defrayed in the same Manner as the Expence of passing to epa)cl the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, was paid and defrayed.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, public Act-and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and

others whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said Continuance tecited Acts shall, upon the passing of this Act, ceale and determine of Act*

and

848

44° GEORGII III. Cap. sr.

and that the said Acts (subject: to the Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

!> JEB&; <21:

LONDON: Printed by George.Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 52.

An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts for making and repairing Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr\ repairing other Roads branching therefrom; and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrewi

[19th June 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His *6 G late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; and by another Act rjG.t. «*/ paired in the Twenty-seventh Year of His laid late Majesty *s Reign, initituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Twentyfixib Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow and by another Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His said late c,57*

Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by a i All, passed in the Twenly-fxth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glas-8<AV>’ so far as the fame relates to certain Roads mentioned in the said Act,

\_L«c, d Per.] iq F and

850

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

and also to enlarge the Term and Powers granted ly an rift, pnjfed in the 1 wenty-sevenih Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act ‘ to explaip, amend, and render more elseflua! an Act, passed in the Ttventy-fixib 1 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing " several Roads leading into fibs City of Glasgow and to repair several other Roads leading into the /'aid City, and for building a Bridge across 190.3.0.79. the River of Inchinnanj and by another Act, paiLd in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers cf several Acts made in the Twenty-sixth, Tcoentysevenlh, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading through 31G. 3<c. in the Counties of Lanark and Renfrew; and by another Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ail made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock by Coriehil1, and by the Side of the River Clyde, arid ly Port Glasgow and the Bridge at Inchinn^n; and for more effectually making and r.pairing, and altering the Course of the said Road from Renfrew to Greenock; and for making and repairing other Roads connecting the rewith, and leading to and from Paiflcy in the County of Renfrew, and the Branches thereof, and for shutting tip Bye-Roads that 37G.1.C. 161. are useless to the Public; and by another Act. palfed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of H s present Maj.-fly, in ituled, A i Ail for enlarging the Term aid Powers of several Acts made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, and in the Twenty-ninth and Thirty-second Tears of His present Majesty's Reign, for making and repairing the Roads from Gorbals of Glasgow to Flora bridge and F.after Grange in the County of Renfrew, and other Roads in the said County; and for making and repairing certain other Roads in the said County, branching, from or comteiled with the Roads mentioned in the said Alls, certain Persons were appointed Trustees for making, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair the Roads therein mentioned, and weie empowered to levy certain Tolls upon the said Roads, and to borrow Money on the Credit thereof, and various other Powers were granted to them: And whereas great Progress has been made in making, altering, hnd repairing the Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and it would be of Advantage to the Publick, if certain other Roads branching therefrom, or connected therewith, which are a: present in bad Repair, and inconvenient for Travellers, should be put and kept in Repair, fu'ojeft to proper Regulations, under the Directions of the fame Persons who are Trustees under the said recited Acts, videlicet, the Road from Carmannock to Peel, and from thence to Eaglefham by Bujbyfide and by Drips, and from Peel by Thornton and Bogton, to at or near Jacktontoll; and from at or near IVilhamwocd, by Muirend to Pollockfhaws, and from Maulfmire by Bankhall and Shicls to the Pai/ley Road; and the Roads from at or near Eagl Jhitm to ac or near Muirkirk-, and from at or near Eaglesham, to at or near New Milns , and from Kirklandbridge by Eaglesham to Kingswell, so tar as the said Roads from at or near Eaglesham, to at or near Mttirk.rk, and from at or near Eaglefham, to at or near Newmilns, and from Kirkland Bridge by Eaglesham to Kingswell, pass or are intended to pals through the County of Renfrew, from Barrhead by Auchtnback Muir, to at or near Pollocktown, and to at or near Mearnfkirk; and front at or near Mearnf-kirk, to ac or near Eaglefham, from at or near Househill to TenguefbttT, and from Pollockfhaws to the Termination of the County of Renfrew, acor

near

<M-9 GEORGII III. Cap. 52. 851

near Drijfcnig by Pcl'ecktown nr by Balgray, and from at or near Whitehouse by Muirhouse to Paifly and to Beith-, and from at or near Muirhouse to Irvine, by or near Bigeart and Mou Ugreenan; and from Three-Mile-House to Clerlefiridge by Pa fey and £harre.'t&u>n, and to Beith and to Irvine, and a Road branching the rrfrom toHivkbead Mills and to PoUoikJhaWS, and from Hawkbesd Mills by Auchtntprlle to Paisley; an 1 from at or near B.irf-k'van to Linwood, and from I.invioid to the Road from Barnsford to the Bridge of 'Vtir, at or near Futivood; and from the Hall End ot Port Glasgovo to the S ruth Side of the Pope-veork into Princis-Street, ana f.om Largs by Brifuani Quteruiards, Garvock, Kdlochcnd, and Whiidee to Greenock, and Pom. Bridge-Fldl to Greenock; but the Roads last.above mentioned cannot be put ana kept in Repair, or put under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the Acts above recited, nor can these last mentioned Acts be carried into Execution, unless the Term thereby granted shall be enlarged, and the Rowers and Authorities granted by the fame, and also by an Act of the Parliament < f Scotland made in the Year One thousand six hundred and sixty-nine, being the Sixteenth Ad of the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, Act for repairing Highwayes and Bridges, should be enlarged, altered, and amended, so as to make the fame effectual and adequate to the present Times, and the Ui'es and Purposes to which fut-h Powers and Authorities are by the said several Acts ino nded and directed to be applied and enforced: And it is expedient that the said several Acts, with such enlarged and amended Powers and Authorities, flvjuld be reduced and Consolidated inco One Act: May ic therefore pleal’e Your Majrfly that it may be enacted } and be it enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained in the said recited Acts of the Twtnty-sixth, Twenty-!eventh, and Thirtieth Yeats of the Reign of his la c Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty-ninth, Thir-ty-lecoud and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall, from the First Monday after the Expiration of Three Weeks from ami after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed, in so far as the lame respect the Roads herein-after described, and in-fttad thereof this Act shall commence and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually making, repaiiing, widening, altering, keeping in Repair, and improving the Roads herein-after deferibedj and that this Act and all the Tolls which are hereby autlurized to be levied upon the saidrel'peftive Roads, shall be, and are hereby made subjectand liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said respective Roads, and to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the said respective Roads, and of Interest due and to become due for the lame respectively.

II. Providtd ahvays, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Saving of shall be deemed or eonffrued to dimimlh or repeal the Power given by by"j'/g.'Y"0 the above recited Aff, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign widen the of His present Majesty, to widen the Main Street of the Burgh of Ren-frtw, io the Manner therein direffed, but the fmie shall remain and continue in full force and virtue in the same Manner as if iliis Act had not been made.

852

Nomination of J'rustees,

4.4.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

lit And be it further enacted, That in place of the Trustees named and appointed in and by, or in pursuance of the Lid recited Acts of the Twenty sixth, Twenty-seventh, and Thirtieth Years nf the Reign of His late Majesty, and Twrntv-ninih, Thirty-second, and Thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, every l’erson who is, or hereafter shall be, in his own Right, or in the Right of his \\ iff, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment as Proprietor of the dominium utile of Lands lying in the County of Renfrew, or in the Padfties of Govan, Gorbals, Catbcart, Carmunnock, and Kilbride, in the County of Lanark, or in the t’ariihes of Beith, Kilbirnie, Dairy, and Large in the County of Ayr, valued in the C-ls Books of the said Counties, or either of them, at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and all and every the El left Sons of futh Persons, being the Heirs apparent to such Property, and also the Shenff-Depute of the said County of Renfrew and his Substitute for the Time being, the Provcft and First, Second, and Third B.iillies, and the Dean cf Guild of the Ciry of Glasgow, the ProvoS and Bailiics of Renfrew, and the First and Second M.giitra ev of Pajley and Port-Glasgow, and the Two Magistratrs or Greenock for the Time being, fhnl be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, making, repairing, widening, keep n ‘ in Repa r, ai.d altering the Lines of Roads following: videlicet, The Road leading from the South End or any other Partot the Village of Gorbals of Glasgow, or from the South Side of the Pafley-'loan, opposite the New Bridge or Glasgow, to at or near Floakbridge in the County of Renfrew, by Ccrfehtll and Catbcart; and the Roads branching therefrom to the Kirk of Carmunnock, and fromthrnc# to Peel, and from thence to Eaglefham by the S >uth Side ot Bujby Side and Drips, and a Road from Peel by Thornton and Bogton, to at or n.-ar Jack-ton-Toll-, and the Road leading from the South E ui or any other P,rt ot me Village of Gorbals of Glasgow, or from tnc Sourh Side ot Paisley Loan, opposite the New Bridge or Glasgow, to at or near Neilflon, ana irum at or near Neilflon to Ea/ler Grange; and the Road leading from at or near Williamwood to Eaglefham Kirk, and from at or near W:l iamwcol, by Muirend to Pollockjhaws, and from Maulfmire by Bankhall, and Sbiels to the Paisley Road; and the Roads from at or near Eaglefham, to at or near Mutrkirk, and from at or near Eaglefham, to at or near Newmilns, and from Kirklandbriige by Eaglefham co Kingswell, so far as the Lid Roads from at or near Eaglefham to at or near Muirk rk, and from at or near Eaglefham to at or near Newmilns, and from Kirkland Bridge by Eaglefham to Kingswell, pass or are intended to pals through the County of Renfrew; and the Road from Paisley, leading to the Turnpike Road from Glasgow to Muirkirk; and the Roads branching cue of the fame at Hurlet to Dovecoalhall and Millington, and at Dykebar to the Confines of the County of Renfrew at or near Flo.kbriage, by Far* ttize, Artburlie, GlanderJ}on, Fingalton, and Mcarns Muir, and from Barrhead by Aucbenback Muir to at or near Polled town, and to at or near Mearns Kirk, and from Mcarns Kirk to Eaglefham, and from at or near Hurlet to Pollockfhaws, by at or near Housebtll, and from Hurlet to at or near Muirhouses, by at or near Hcufebtll and Damfhat, and from at or near Househill to Tonguefhiil, and from Pollockfhaws to Govan and Three Mile House, and from Barrhead by or near Brownfide, or by or near Barbourbill, to Paisley-, and from Pollockfhaws to the Termination of the County of Renfrew, at or near Dryffcnbeg by Pollotklown or by Balgray, and from at or near Neilflon to at or near iVbitchouse, and from at or near IVbilthouJe by or near Muirhouse to Paisley and to Beith, and from at or

near

853

44-" GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

near Muirhouse to Irvine by or near hi?garl and Mcuntgreenan; and the Road from Three Mile House, to Clerkfbridge by Paisley and Quarrelled to Bath and to Irvine, and a Road branching out of the same to Hawk-bead Mills and by Auchentorlie to Paisley, and another Road branching out of the same to Johnston- Bridge, and from Johnston- Bridge to Port-Glas-gow, by Kilbarcban and by North Millikengate; and a Road blanching out of the same to Lcchwmnoch, by the West Side of the River Colder and to Chapelton, and from Paisley to Renfrew, and from at or near Hilling ton to at or near Renfrew, and from inchimian- Bridge to Houston; and the Road from the Bridge over Maich by Gartbland- Bridge to Whitehouse, and from Garlhland- Bridge to Kilbarcban, and from at or near Kilbarcban <0 Incbinnan- Bridge by Linwood- Bridge, and from Paisley to Barnsford, and from Barnsford by Houston, to the Turnpike Road leading from John-fton- Bridge to Port Glasgow, at or near the Bridge of Weir, and from it or near Barfkivan to Linwood, and from Linwood to the Road from Barnsford to the Bridge of Weir, at or near Fulwood, and from the East End of Port-Glasgow to the South Side of the Rope-work into Prince's-Street, and from at or near Houston to at or near Roundtreebill, and from at or near Milliken by Lockerftde, by Houston, by Barrocban MU, and Parkglen, till it joins the Turnpike Road leading to Greenock, at or near Westferry-Hill, and from Locbwinnoch to Largs; and from Largs by or near Brisbane Outerwards, Garvock, Killocbend and Whitelce, to Greenock, and from Bridgejlat to Greenock: Provided always, that the Trustees whose Qualifications arise from Lands in the County of Lanark, or in the County of Ayr, shall be entitled to act only for the making and repairing of the Roads f far as the fame pass through the Parishes in which such Properties are situated, and they shall not be entitled to act as Trustees for the making or repairing of any Roads in the said County of Renfrew.

IV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases Five or more of the said Quorum;

Trust-es shall be a Quorum, and when assembled shall be held to constitute a General Meeting.

V. And be it enacted, That if any Person, not qualified as aforesaid,

shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee under this Act, he shall for every such acting forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by summary Complaint, at the Suit of any Heritor in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr, before the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions of the said Counties respectively, and the Money recovered shall be paid to the Trustees appointed by this Act, or their Treasurer or Collector, to be applied to the Reparation of the said Roads; and in all Cases where such Complaint shall be made, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of Firit G-neral them, shall meet at Renfrew on the First Monday which shall happen Meeting of next after the Expiration of Three Weeks from the passing of this Act, 16 u"ees‘ and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and that the said Trustees shall thereafter meet annually at Renfrnv, in the Court Hall, on the last Tuefiay of October, for putting this Act into Execution; which Meetings or either of them may be adjourned from Time to Time, as the Trustees present thereat shall judge necessary, and if a Quorum of the (Xw. Zj Per."] io G Trustees

Penalty on Persons not qualified acting as Trustees.

4"

Meetings necessary to be advertised in the Gla/go tv and Greenock Newspapeis only.

Clerk to call Meetings when required.

Tolls.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 52:

Trustees shall not attend any General Meeting or adjourned Meetings such Meeting shall be virtually adjourned, and shall be held at the same Place on that Day Fortnight, and ib on from Fortnight to Fortnight until a Quorum shall attend; and all Advertisements for Meetings or adjourned Meetings of the said Trustees shall be inserted by the Clerk of the Trustees Ten Days at lead before each Meeting, in One of the Newspapers published at Glasgow and also in One of the Newspapers published at Greenock, (if any Newspaper shall be published at Greenock at the Time), as the Tiultees at their First General Meeting, or annual General Meeting shall appoint.

VIT. And be it enacted, That the Clerk to the said Trustees when required by a written Order, specifying the Purposes for which a Meeting is desired to be held, signed by any Three or more Trustees, shall be obliged to call a General Meeting of the Trustees at such Times and Places as shall be thought proper, by Advertisements as aforesaid, in which such Purposes shall be specified, and no other Person than the said Clerk shall have Power to call such Meetings; and all Acts and Deeds done at such Meeting called by the Clerk, shall be as valid as if they had been done at a General or adjourned Meeting: Provided always, that nothing shall be done or Matter difcufifed at such Special Meetings but what relates to the special Purposes for which such Meetings are held.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, pursuant to a Resolution made at a General Meeting assembled, or at any other Meeting called as aforesaid, after the passing of this Act, shall and may erect, or cause to be erected, One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on or across all or any of the aforesaid Roads, and also such Number of Toll Houses as they shall think lit upon the fame, or on the Sides of the fame, and demand and take the aggregate Tolls or Duties following, at the whole Turnpikes or Gates erected or to be erected, upon the whole Roads aforesaid", before any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Curricle, Calalh, Chaile, Chair, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Cattle whatsoever shall pass through the fame; that is to say,

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Curricle, Calafli, Chaise, Chair or Hearse, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four Pounds Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Pounds Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Pounds Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Pound Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Pounds Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Pounds Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Pounds Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Pounds Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Pounds Sterling; and drawn by One Horle, Ox, or other Bcaft ot Draught, the Sum of One Pound Sterling:

For every Sledge without Wheels, the Sum of Fifteen Shillings Sterling:

For

$55

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen* and not drawing, the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling:

For every Horse or Fillie unlhod, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling each:

For every Ox or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling each:

And for every Calf, Sheep, Hog, Lamb, or Goat, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling each.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees at their First General Aggregate Meeting, or any other General Meeting called for the Purpose, shall fix

and determine the Proportion or Quota of the aforesaid Tolls that shall be levied at the several Turnpikes or Toil Bars erected or to be erected on the resptdive Roads described and incended to be made and repaired in and by the said former Acts and this present Act, subject always to such Alteration or Division as shall be judged necessary by the said Trustees at any subsequent general Meeting*

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees Joll shall not have Power to levy or cause to be levied and taken at any One any one Gate! of the Turnpikes or Gates erected or to be erected on or across the said

Roads directed to be made and repaired by the said former Acts and by this present Act, any higher Tolls or Duties than the following , (videlicet),

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calath, Chaise, Chair, or Hearse, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; drawn by Four Horles, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; drawn by Three Horses,

Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Six Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draughr, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of D,aught, the Sum ot Four Shillings Sterling; drawn by Three Hoifes, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls ot Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or Other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Sledge without Wheels, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lets Number:

For every Drove of Horses or Fillies unfhod, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or iefs ^Jumber:

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Hogs, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or kfs Number:

And

856

Trupees may t«a Side Sait,

Tolls to be paid Once a-d.iy.

To prevent evading Tolls.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

And provided also, that not more than Four Times the Amount of the said Tolls and Duties shall be levied on the Line of any One of the aforesaid Roads.

XI. And, in order to prevent the Evasion of the Turnpikeson the aforesaid Roads, be it further enacted, That ic shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Tiullees, pursuant to a Resolution made at a General Meeting assembled, or at any other Meeting called as aforesaid, to erect, or cause to be erected, One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes on the Side or Sides of all or any of the aforesaid Roads, and across any Lane leading into or out of the fame, and there to take and receive such Tolls as are by this Act granted and made payable, or such Part thereof as the Trustees shall think reasonable; and the Person or Persons paying Turnpike shall receive a Pass Ticket, entitling him or them to pass Toll-free at the Turnpike on the said Road nearest the said Side Bar: Provided always, that no higher Toll or Duty shall be taken at any Side Bar than is authorized to be taken at any One Turnpike on the said Road: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to erect or cause to be erected any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes on the Side or Sides of any Road, Street, or Lane situated within the Liberties of the Town of Paisley, and at present kept in Repair by the Magiltrares of the said Town, without the Consent of the said Magistrates, or on the Side or Sides of any Streets or Lanes in the Barony of Gorbals causewayed and upheld by the Proprietors or Inhabitant* thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having Oc-calion to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or to be erected by virtue of this Act, and who shall return the same Day through the lame Turnpike or Turnpikes before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the Lame Coach or Cart, or other Wheel Carriage drawn by the fame Horses, or with the fame Ilorfe, Afs, or other Cattle, shall be liable or compelled to pay the Tolls or Duties more than Once, but shall on Demand be furnished wit!) a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll or Duty, which Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets shall give Access to the said Person or Persons, returning the same Day as aforesaid, to repass the said Turnpike or Turnpikes Toll free; but in case the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, Horse, Afs, or other Bead or Cattle shall return or pass the Turnpike with a new Loading a feeond or more Times in the same Day, they shall in that case be subjected to pay the Tolls for each Time they shall so pass, in the same Manner as for the First Time.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having paid the Tolls or Duties by this Act imposed, and having a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment thereof, shall give or dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons, in order to avoid the Payment of the Lid Toils or Duties, every such Person so giving or dif-poling thereof, and the Person receiving the fame, being convicted thereof upon Oath, by One or more credible Witness or WitnessifS, or his own Conftflion, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall

reside,

857

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

Tefide, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That 110T0II shall Persons and be demanded for and in resprft of Carriages, Horses or Cattle, employed p?edfro'in in carrying Materials for making or repairing Roads, Bridges, and Toll- Toils. Houses, in the said Counties, or Cattle, Horses or Carriages, laden or unladen, passing from one Part of a Farm to another, or laden with Implements of Husbandry, or Carriages returning empty after carrying the fame, or carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel, or any Place of religious Worship belonging to or situated within the Parish where such Person resides, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within the Parish; or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Minifteiia! Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for Horses or Cattle going to or returning from their usual Places of Palture or watering, or going to Smithies for the Purpose of being Ibod, or returning therefrom or for Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Dcfeription employed, or to be employed, in conveying the Mails or Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses of Officers or Soldiers who are upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any such wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for Carts or Carriages or Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent with legal Pafles; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less chan Twenty Shillings Sterling.-

XV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may cause Weighing Ma- Tolls on Car-chines to be erected on such Parts of the said Roads, or on the Sides of liagesofcer-the fame, as they shall think proper, at which all Persons travelling tam Wcl£hts' with Carts or other Carriages shall be obliged to weigh the fame when required by the Collector of the Tolls; and the said Trustees, from and after the passing of this Act, may levy, or cause to be levied, demanded and taken, at the several Turnpike Gate or Gates, erected or to be erected on or across all or any of the Roads hereby intended to be made or kept in Repair, before any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage not upon Springs, drawn by One or more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, pals through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, wirh the Burden or Draught therein, shall exceed Twenty Hundred Weight, and the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall not measure Four Inches at lead, if drawn by One, and Nine Inches in Breadth if drawn by more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, One Half more in Addition to the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by this Act; and if the Weight of the same shall exceed Twenty-five Hundred Weight, and the Fellies of the Wheels of such Carriage shall not measure as above mentor, & Per.] 10 H tioned.

858

Tolls to be levied by Distress and Sale.

Trustees may

compound

with Travellers.

Composition Money in lieu of Tolls, how to be re» covered.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

tioned, double the Tolls and Duties granted by this Act; and if the Weight shall exceed Thirty Hundred Weight and the Fellies of the Wheels of such Carriage shall not measure as aforesaid. One Half more in addition to double the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied as aforesaid 5 and the Toll or Duty on such Carriages is hereby expressly declared not to be a Penalty, but the just and fair Toll Duty leviable on such Carriages, excepting always Carriages carrying the Mail, or Soldiers who are on their March, or their Baggage, and Carriages with Vagrants travelling with legal Pafles.

XVI. And be it enacted, Thac it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, to demand and take the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect, or refuse to pay the fame, the said Trustees are hereby empowered by themselves or such other Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint, to levy each and every of the said Tolls and Duties, by Distress and Sale of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Carriage, upon which such Duty is by this Act imposed, and to detain such Horse or other Cattle or Carriage so distrained, until the said Tolls, with reasonable Charges of such Distress shall be paid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of Four Days after such Distress shall be made, to appraise and tell the Horse or Horses, Cattle or Carriage, so distrained, by public Auction, at the Turnpike or Toll-House where the Toll ought to have been paid, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Proprietors of such Horle or Horses, Cattle or Carriage, fe distrained, after deducting such Toll or Duty, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, appraising, and felling the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to compound or agree by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons living near any Turnpike or Turnpikes, erected or ro be erected by virtue of this Act, for any reasonable Sum or Sums of Money to be paid quarterly, from Time to Time, for and in lieu of Payment of the Tolls or Duties by this Act directed to be paid, and Copies of all such Compositions and Agreements to be made by the said Trustees, shall be entered at Length in a Bock or Books to be kept for that Purpose, which shall be open to the Perufal of any Person or Persons whatsoever, at all fealbnable Times without Fee or Reward.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Composition-Money agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpike Gate or Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall not be paid within Ten Days next after the same shall become due, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County where the Person liable for such Composition resides, by Warrant under his or their Hands, to empower the Person authorized by the Trustees to receive such Composition Money, (and Oath having been first made that the lame has been demanded and remains unpaid), to levy such Composition on the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the fame in Manner herein mentioned: Provided always, that no Person

or

44° GEORGII lit. Cap. 52.

tit Persons to whom any of the Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads shall be let, shall compound or take a lower Rate of Toll than what shall be fixed by the said Trustees at the Roups or Auctions of the respective Turnpike Gates; and if he or they shall act contrary hereto* directly or indirectly, he or they shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling to the said Trustees, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as is directed with regard to the Penalty for evading the Toll before mentioned.

XIX. And be it enacted, That during the Term of this Act* the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled for that Purpose may, and they are hereby empowered, with Consent of Four Fifths of the Persons who have already lent or advanced, or who shall hereafter lend or advance any Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, to diminish or lessen the said Tolls or Duties hereby granted, as they shall see Cause, but such Tolls shall not be diminished, unless such Meeting and the Purposes thereof shall be advertised in One of the Glasgow and One of the Greenock Newspapers, if a Newspaper shall be published at Greenock at the Time, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by publick Auction, to let the said Tolls or Duties hereby granted and vested in them respectively, in Whole or in Lots or Parcels, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the highest Rate or Rates they can obtain for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall give good and sufficient Security for Payment of the Sums for which the Tolls shall be so let, and be approved of by the said Trustees.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, to chuse and appoint a fit Person or Persons to be Treasurer, Collector, and Clerk to the said Trustees, for receiving the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by this Act i and also One or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads in their several Districts, or such other Officers as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove such Officers or any of them as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new ones in case of Removal or Death; and all and every Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be liable by this Act to pay the said Tolls or Duties, are hereby required to pay the same to the said Treasurer or Collector, or the Persons to be from Time to Time appointed under him for that Purpose, according to the Rates aforesaid; and the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the M>..ney arising from the said Tolls or Duties vested in them, to make such Allowances to the several Officers by them appointed, and to such other Person or Persons as shall have been or may be assisting in making and repairing the said Roads, as the said Trustees shall think fit.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall take such Security from their Tre.iurers, to be appointed for the Purpose of this Act, for the due Execution of their Offices, as to the said Trustees shall seem meet.

Tolls may be diminished.

Trustees rhay

let the Tolls.

Power to appoint Officer:.

Treasurer to find Security.

86o

Power to hot*-row Money on the Credit of the Tolls.

When laid Monies are paid, Trustees may borrow another Sinn equal thereto.

Roads may be divided into Districts, and Tolls may be ash^ned in Security of Money borrowed.

Former Securities not to be prejudiced*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees at a General Meeting affirm bled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to borrow any Sum of Money, not exceeding Eighty Thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Tolls to be levied on the Roads intended to be made and repaired by this Act, including the Money already borrowed, at any Interest not exceeding Five Ponnds per Centum per Annum; which Sum to be borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied by the Trustees aforesaid, in the First Place, towards Payment of the Charges and Expences incurred in obtaining this present Act, and the Remainder of the Sum to be borrowed as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of for making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges hereby intended to be made and repaired, under the Direction of the said Trustees, in furh Proportions as they shall determine at any annual or other General Meeting, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, in Manner after specified.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the said Sums aforesaid shall in Whole or in Part be applied and accounted for to the respective Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, and by their Order paid to the Person or Persons advancing or lending the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees at a General Meeting afieni-bled, and they are hereby authorized to borrow another Sum of Money, equal to that by them so paid as aforesaid, but the Sum or Sums so to be borrowed shall not at any Time exceed in the Whole the Sums allowed to be borrowed by the Trustees as aforesaid, on the Credit of the Tolls to be levied on the Roads aforesaid.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, at the First General Meeting held after the passing of this Act or at any subsequent General Meeting called for the Purpose, to divide the said Roads into Districts, and divide and proportion the Money authorized to be borrowed, and the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by this Act, among the respective Districts of Roads according to their Necessi. ties, and to assign and make over the several Tolls and Duties to be levied on the respective Districts to any Person or Persons from whom the Money shall or may be borrowed for the Use of the said several Districts of Roads as a Security for Repayment of the fame; which several Alignments of the Tolls as aforesaid shall be entered in the Sederunt Book of the said Trustees, and shall at all reasonable Times be open to Perusal of any of the Trustees appointed by this Act; and the Tolls and Duties of each several District of Roads shall be liable to the Payment of the Money borrowed or to be borrowed for making and keeping the fame in Repair only, and not to be subject and liable for any such Sum of Money already borrowed or to be borrowed for the Use of any other Roads in another District, or for making or keeping the fame in Repair; and after the said Trustees shall have divided the said Roads into Districts it shall not be in their Power to alter the said Division during the Continuance of this Act.

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice or lefien the Securities already given by the said former Acts, without the Consent of the several Persons who have advanced or lent Money on the Credit thereof.

44° GEORGII III. Caf. 52. 861

XXVII. And be it enacted, For the more spetdy making and repairingt'ne Trustees to favd Roads and Bridges, the said Trustees, at their First General Meeting, tr at any subsequent General Meeting, are hereby empowered to verai Dittrictj authbrize and appoir. such of their Number as they shall think proper Roads'"S tuaft as Trustees within such Districts; and which Trustees ftp named and Trustees for appointed by the General Meeting, upon each of the aforesaid Districts, particular or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized to give such Or- ^"gtateof ders and Directions for making and repairing the Roads and Bridges for tieii Accounts which they shall be particularly named and appointed, and for applying a

the Money that shall be appropriated for that Purpose as they shall think General Meet-proper; and the said Trustees for the respective Districts aforesaid shall be accountable to any General Meeting of the Trustees by this Aftap- quired.' pointed, and for that Purpose, shall lay before them, when required, a State of their Accompts, and all other their Transactions, to be by the said Trustees at such General Meeting examined, audited, and approved.

XXVIII. And be it further enadlea. That the said Trustees for each of the TrustetJ far said respective Distriifts, shall keep an exact Account of the Money re- the respective ceived by virtue of this Act, and the Application thereof, and all other their k«pAcco?mrs Proceedings, and shall enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for of the Monies that Purpose, which the said Trustees and Heritors of the County of Rat- "c'!^db"nd frew, and the Heritors in the Counties of Lanark and Ayr in the Parithcs them, etc. through which the said Roads pass, may and shall, at all reasonable Timesj

be at Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case of Misapplication of any personsinif-Money collected, received, or levied by virtue of this Act, all and every applying any Person or Persons who shall so misapply, or by whose Authority the fame shall be misapplied, shall forfeit and pay Double the Sum so mif Double the applied, to be recovered against him or them, at the Suit of any Three bu,rl' or more Heritors within the Counties aforesaid, possessed of One hunr dred Pounds Scots each of valued Rent, who are hereby authorized to sue for and recover the fame, on a summary Complaint to the Justices of Peace at their Quarter Scions, One Moiety of such Forfeiture, when recovered, to oe paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety to the said Trustees, to be applied by them for repairing the Roads by this Act directed to be repaired; but if any such Prosecution shall, after Trial, be found vexatious and groundlels, the Profecuror or Prosecutors shall be liable to pay Double Costs.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons appointed Trustees for Trustees not putting in Execution this Act, shall be incapable of holding any Oflice or

Place of Profit arising or to arile from any of the Tolls or Impositions act asTrui-aforesaid, during the Time they shall act as Trustees; and that no Person tees-shall be capable of holding any Place ot Profit under this Act, who shall fell Wine, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to the f.iid Trustees Roads to be to cause any of the said Roads to be carried in the Direction that shall be made in the deemed belt and most benefirical to the Publick, notwithstanding the fame belt Direction. should be carried through Plantation or Nursery Ground, on paying all Damages dene ro the Proprietors and Occupiers thereof: Provided, that

£Lee. £2? Per.] to I the

862

Power to widen R^acU, remove Obstructions, etc.

44° GEORGII HI. Cap. 52.

the said Roads shall not be carried so as to occaCon the Demolition of any House, the Side Walls of which are of the Height of Eighteen Feet, or ta injure any Garden, exceeding one Acre, not inclosed with a Wall of the Height of Six or more Feet, or any Avenue to any House, or any Plantation of Trees adjoining the fame, planted prior to the passing of this Act, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners thereof first had and obtained.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybelawful for the said Trustees, at any of their Meetings, to order and direct the said Roads, or any of them, to be made or repaired, and to be extended to such Breadth as they shall think proper, not exceeding Fifty Feet, including the Footpath thereof, and to alter or vary the Directions or Lines of the said Roads, or any of them, and for that Purpose, to pull down or remove any Houses, not exceeding Eighteen Feet high in the Side Walls, Buildings, Inclosures, or other Obstructions, to make or cause to be made causeways, to make and erect Arches or Bridges of Brick, Timber, or Stone, and to cut and make Drains, Ditches, Trenches or other Outlets for Water, through any Grounds lying contiguous to thp said Roads, for the Purpose of carrying off the Water from the same, or from any Weighing Machine, erected or to be erected on the said Roads, the said Trustees always paying such Damage to the Owners or Occupiers respectively, whose Grounds or Houses shall be prejudiced or damaged by such Alteration or widening of the said Roads, as the same shall be ascertained, in Manner herein-atier directed.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall makea Passage from any Field to any of the said Roads, he shall be obliged to cover the Side Drains of the Road, where such Passage is made, with an Arch or Pen of sufficient Stone Work, so that the Course of the Water in the Drain may not be impeded; and where it shall be found necessary to make Outlets from the Ditches or Drains, along the Sides of the said Roads or any of them through the Ground of any adjacent Proprietor, the Proprietor or the Occupier of such Ground, after such Outlets have been so made, shall be obliged from thenceforth to make and keep clear such Outlets from the said Ditches or Drains from Time to Time, as they shall be required by the said Trustees, so as that the said Outlets may not be flopped, nor the Water be allowed to (lagnatein them, nor to flow on the said Roads or any of them, but may have a free Passage from the said adjacent Ground; and in case the Proprietor or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to deanfc such Outlets, when duly required by One or more Trustee or Trustees, or a Person or Persons appointed by an Order signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, such Trustees or Persons appointed by them respectively shall, after Ten Days previous Intimation be and they are hereby authorized to cleanse the said Outlets, and levy in Manner herein-after directed the Expence thereof, from the Proprietors or Proprietor, Occupiers or Occupier of such Ground, who have or has been required as aforesaid, and have or has refused or neglected to cleanse the same.

Hedges on the

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That where HcdgesandTrees are planted on fjfgh Road! to l^e Sides of any of the said Roads, the Occupiers and Occupier of the bepruned,®f. Lands on which such Hedges and Trees grow, shall be obliged to keep them properly dressed and trimmed, so as not to injure the said Roads, by

overhanging

Outlets from Trenches to be kept clear.

863

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

overhanging the fame; and in case of their Failure so to do, it shall be in the Power of any One of the Justices of the Peace of the said Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, or Ayr, upon Application made to him by any One of the Trustees, or by their Surveyor, and upon Cause shewn, to order the Occupiers or Occupier of the Ground on which such Hedges or Trees grow, to cut and dress the fame properly; and in case the said Occupiers or Occupier fail to comply with the said Order, within Ten Days after the fame has been intimated to them or him, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to appoint proper Persons to cut the said Hedges at the Height of Four Feer, and to dress and trim them, and also to cut the Branches of such Trees as may overhang the said Roads as aforesaid, at the Expence of the said Occupiers or Occupier, and to grant Warrant for levying the Expences thereof with Costs, in Manner herein-after directed; reserving to the said Occupiers or Occupier any Right of Recourse which they may have against the Proprietor of the Lands on which such Hedges or Trees grow, for the said Expences; and providing, that no Person shall be obliged to cut or trim Hedges and Trees between the First Day of March and the First Day of November in any Year.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered to make or cause to be made. Foot-paths on the Sides Paths, of all or any of the aforesaid Roads.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be allowed to ride or ^"alt)^or drive any Horses, Cattle, Carts, or Carriages, upon the said Foot-paths; Foot-patlu. and if any Person shall notwithstanding presume so to do, such Person being convicted by the Oath of any One credible Witness or his own Confession

before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County within which the Offence was committed or the Offender resides, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees on the Roads where the said Offence shall be committed, or their Collector, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Ten Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person, brevi tnanu, to seize and carry any Person so transgressing as aforesaid, before the nearest Justice of the Peace, for the Purpose of Conviction as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Power to take Trustees, and any Person or Persons having an Order from them, to open Quarries, and dig, gather, take, and carry away any Stones or Gravel, or other Materials, out of any Waite or Common in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr, for making and repairing the said Roads or Foot Paths, or any of them, without pacing for the tame, and to dig, gather, and carry away all such Materials from Quarries already opened, on paying Damages as after-mentioned, and from any other Ground in the said Counties, (not being the Ground where any Houses stand, or a Garden,

Orchard or Yard, or any Plantation of Trees, which may have been planted prior to the passing of this Act), Ten Days Notice in Writing being in this Cafe given to the Proprietor or Occupier of such Ground, and paying such Damages for the fame, as shall be ascertained by any Two Justices of the Peace of the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, or Ayr respectively, with Power to the said Proprietor or Occupier to appeal from the Decision of the said Justices to the next Quarter Sessions,

whose

£64 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

whose Decision shall be final; and any Dispute with regard to the said Damages shall not prevent the said Trustees, or those empowered by them, from using and carrying away the said Materials, and applying them to making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges: Provided always, that the fame Price shall be paid by the said Trustees, for Stones taken from Quarries worked for Sale, for the making and repairing of any of the Roads in the said Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr, which shall be paid or payable by other Persons purchasing Stones from the same Quarries at the same Time.

puweied to' XJtXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and

nurchafe, and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politick, requiral°to Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of En-feilL ndsfor tail, Husbands, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Per-his Act65 anc* ^ersons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to fell, let, and convey all such Land or Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the said Reads or any of them, and ending any Toll Bar or Toll House thereon, or for stortng Materials or otherwise, where Ground is needfary (or the Purposes of this Act, upon such Satisfaction being made to the Proprietor or Proprietors, and Occupier or Occupiers, as can be agreed upon by and between the said Trustees and such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers; and in the Event thac they cannot agree, then upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded by a Jury of Fifteen Perfom summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of any of the said Counties, within which such Lands or Houses shall be fuuated, in such M mner as Juries are summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in Sc-.tlani, whole Determination is hete-by declared to be final, without being subject to Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction; and in the Event that furh Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but- in calc the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners,' Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and on the other Hand if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a less Sum, the "Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cales where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Colls and Exper.ces shall be borne and paiu by the said Trustees: Provided also, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupieis of any Land or Houses, such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses, for che Purposes of this Act, and no Stop shall in the mean Time be puc to the Operations of the said Trustees, on Pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been fr.thfted and paid.

Td be verted

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all Lands or Houses, which may be ac-in Tiuttees. qujreci by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, shall be vested in the said Trustees by the fnnple Discharge for the agreed Price or appraised

Value

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 52. 86$

Value thereof, or by Consignation cf laid Price or Value (in case of the Absence or Refusal of the Person or Persons entitle d thereto), in the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank thereof, for the Ule and Behoof of such Person or Persons; and it shall be sufficient to record the Discharge or the Vouchers of Consignation in the Sheriff Court Books of any of the said Counties refteftively wherein such Lands or Houses shall be situated, whereupon the Trustees shall be entitled to take and use the said Lands and Houses, and shall hold the same as validly and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the respective Owners thereof had executed in their favour regular Dispofuions of the fame, and Infeftments had followed thereupon.

XL. And be it further en aft eel, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application^ awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- tion where chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur- exceeding poses thereof which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life Rents, tc°1' Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic k, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with ail convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be figmfied by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Wav, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affeCfing the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditatnerrts, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be lard out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, ar d Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, t.:kcn, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking EffcCIv and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Cuuit, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in cale such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Ileredita- ^ompenfttion nients purchased, taken, or uled, for tiiePurposes aforesaid, and belonging does not ex-to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lei's than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all [Lee. & Per ] 10 K such

866 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

such case?, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respect tive Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable.

Application

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money MoBqfiltfi agreec* or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than than/o/. Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments (o purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money

I. case of not

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Titles1-" *Ut whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita* the Bank Int* ments> not Icnown or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caftsiers of the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use

the

867

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Ellate, Right, or interest, in any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ro be purchated in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in PufiefTton of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of ocher Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purpol'cs as the said Court shall direct.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall maliciously break down or otherwise injure any Turnpike Gates, Pods, Chains, Rails, or Bars, Weighing Machines, or the Houses erected for the Use of such Turnpikes, or any Bridge on the said Roads, or Parapet Wall, Paling or Fence on the Sides of the said Roads or Bridges, or shall maltreat any of the Toll Gatherers, or shall he aiding and assisting thereto, or forcibly pals through, or assist any Person in forcibly passing through any Turnpike Gate, or shall refeue any Person in Custody for the said Offences, or any of them, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trul-tees, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his own Confession, before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender resides, shall not only pay the Double of the Damages and Expences sustained by the said Trullees, but shall be subject and liable to pay a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, fePr. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Poilession«

The Court mav order realbnableEx-pences of Purchases to be paid t»y the Trustees.

Penalty on Persons break-ing Tur. pike-Gates, (Sfc.

868

Penalty on the Evpfion of i oils.

Penalty on taking off Hoifes, etc.

Penalty on laying Rub-bifl», &c. on the Highways.

4.40 GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

XL.VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons occupying Lands near any Turnpike which shall be ertfted in purfuar.ee of this Act, shall knowingly or willingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons whatsoever to pass over or through the fame, or through any Gate, Passage, or Way therein, wiih any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horse, Afs, Ox, or other Cattle, with an Intention to avoid Payment of the Toll, every inch Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons driving such Cart or other Carriage, Horle, Als, or other Cattle, being convicted thereof by the Oath of any One or more credible Witrnfs or Witnesses, before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender refidts, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Trustees or their Collector or Collectors a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, refuse to pay the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by this Act at passing through any Turnpike or Toll Bar, or shall pals through the fame without paying the Tolls and Duties leviable thereat, or take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or Horses, Mares, or Geldings, from any Coach, Chaise, Chair, Chariot, Berlin, Lardau, Calash, or Hearse, or any Horse or Horses, Ox or Oxen, or other Beasts of D,aught, from any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or-other Carriage, before the same shall come to any of the Gates or Turnpikes eiefted by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to avoid payine any Tolls or Dubes hereby im-' ofed, or shall put and leave in any House or Place any Waggon, Wain, C,arr, or other Carriage, Hoise, Mare, Gelding, or Cattle chargeable with or liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties, with such Intent as aforesaid, each and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof by the Oath of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his or their own Confession, before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender refiJes, shall forfeit and pay to the Trustees appointed to put this Act into Execution, or to their Collector for the Time being, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That, from and after the paffng of this Act, no Person or Persons fh >11 make any Pits or Holes, nor shall lay down Dung, Lime, Compost, Rubbiftt, or any other Matter whatsoever for manuring Land, or any other Purpose (excepting always Stones, Wood, or other Materials for building Houses which may occupy One-third Part of the Road only), on any of the said Roads within the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr. under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings Staling, besides paying lor the Expence of removing the fame, and being obliged to fill up the said Pits and Holes; and which Penalties shall be levied by the Warrant of any One Justice of the Peace of the Counties contained in this Act, by Distress and Sale as aforesaid, upon Application by any One of the said Trustees, or a Person appointed by him or them; and One Moiety of such Penalties shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Trustets of the Road where such Offences shall be committed.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52. 869

L. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the parting of £enaJty foT this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall leave Carts, Waggons, standbfgon Wains, or Carriages, loaded or unloaded, (landing on any Road in the thejtoaj, 3c said Counties, nor shall draw any Tree, Piece of Timber, or any Materials whatsoever upon the said Roads, otherwise than on a wheeled Cara riage, nor shall suffer any such Wood, or any Materials whatsoever, being on a wheeled Carriage, to touch or drag on any of the said Roads-, nor shall drive along any of the said Roads any Carriage of which the Nails on the Tire of the Wheels are not sunk so as to make the Sole that touches the Road perfectly flatand all Timber, Iron Ban, and other Articles exceeding Twenty-five Feet in Length shall be conveyed and carried in such Manner as that the said Timber, Iron Bars, and other Articles shall not project or extend over the Sides of the Carriages on which they are loaded, nor occupy more of the said Roads than is occupied by the Carriage or Carriages on which they are placed; and the Breadth within the Wheels of such Carriages shall not exceed Six Feet; nor shall any Person or Persons do any Thing whereby any of the said Roads or Streets of Burgh Towns and Villages through which the fame pass may be injured or obstructed; and every Person offending in any of the said Particulars shall pay the whole Damages thereby sustained, and repair the Injury done to the said Road or Street, and shall also, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ner less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

LI. And be it enacted, That no Houses or Buildings of any Description ^"ctld'^irhin (other than a Wall for tile Purposes of Inclosure not exceeding Six Feet 3Q Feerfiom in Height) to be erected near the Sides of any publick Roads, or in jJ' Wdilbf any Villages or near the Outlets of any Town within the said Counties iJpuTud*to where Houses have not been formerly erected, or Streets laid off before down, the passing of this Act, shall be built within the Dillance of Thirty Feet from the Middle ofany of the saidpublick Roads including the Foot Paths, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for every Offence* and the Expence of demoliflnng such House or Building; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to (top the Erection of every such House or Building which shall be within the said Didance from the Middle of the said Roads; and if any Building shall be erected hereafter within the Dillance aforesaid, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon Application made to them by any One Trustee, and upon Proof being adduced that the said Building is within the Dillance aforesaid, may order such Building to be pulled down and removed at the Expence of the Ereftor, or of the Proprietor of the Ground on which the fame Hands, and may grant Warrant for levying and recovering the said Penalty and Expences as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any General Meeting may cause the said Roads to be admeasured* and Stones or Pods to be erected thereon or near the Sides thereof, denoting the Dillance of each Mile, or such other Dillance as they shall judge convenient, and may also cause Guide Posts to be erected where necessary; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, dellroy, damage, pull up* or remove any such Stones or Pods, or obliterate or deface any Letters or f igures that shall be inscribed or put thereon, and shall be thereof convicted, by the Oath ot Confession of the Party offending, or of One or , [Loc. y Per.] 10 L more

Hoads (6 be mea.'ured, and Mile-Sroncs created.

Penalty cm breaking-or defacing Mile-Stones, fcV.

870

to be levied by Dist refs and Sale.

44." GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender resides, such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for every Stone or Post so wilfully broken, destroyed, damaged, pulled up, removed, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and levied; and such Forfeitures shall be applied. One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety in repairing the Scones or Ports so broken or pulled up, damaged or defaced, or in supplying new ones in their Stead, and if there shall be any Overplus of such Forfeitures, the same shall be laid out in repairing the Paid Roads.

NoHorfes to

LIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons (ha!!, from and Aid Roads!0" a^ter Pa^’n§ of this Act, pasture or leave or allow to be pastured or left on the aforesaid Roads, or any of them, or any other Road or Roads in any of the Parishes in the aforesaid Counties, where there are Fences on the Sides thereof, although the fame should not be Turnpike, any Horses, Sheep, Cows, or other Cattle, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County where the Offence shall be committed, upon Application made to him or them by any Heritor in the said Counties, or by any Person or Persons having Authority from the said Trustees, to issue his or their Warrant for apprehending the Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and to bring them before him or them for Examination -, and upon such Offender or Offenders being convicted of such Offence by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or the Oath or Confession of the Party offending, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to fine and amerciate such Offender or Offenders severally, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Five Shillings Sterling for each and every Offence, to be levied and recovered in case of Non-payment, and to be applied in Manner herein-directed.

Trustees to

LIV. And be it enacted, That the Trustees of the said Roads, at their own*Exhen- anc* other subsequent Meetings held in pursuance of this Act,

cm" 1 shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

Actions may

LV. And be it enacted, That all Prosecutions under this Act, and for Nam'e'of the ^e Penalties and other Forfeitures above specified, may proceed and be clerk to the carried on in Name of and by Authority of the Clerk to the said Truf-Trustees. teeS} |n whose Name Execution may pals against the Defaulters

commenced*

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for within one all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Offence Is*1'* Wrong done or Injury suffered in any Matter relative thereto, in confe-committed. quence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of One Year alter the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done or Injury suffered, 3nd not afterwards.

Penalties how to be levied.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act impeftd, if not directed by this Act to beotherwise levied, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands cf any One or more Justice or Justices of the

Peace

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52. 871

Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall rtfide, in the Option of the Trustees, or of the Pcifoa or Persons authorized by them to levy such Distress, and the Persons dif-training such Goods and Chattels are hereby authorized and empowered, after the Space of pour Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, to feli the Goods so distrained by publick Roup or Auction, at tire nearest Turnpike or Toll-House to the Place where such D.stress shall be made, and return the Overplus Money (if any bej upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, with the reasonable Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid; and the said Forfeitures when recovered, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, shall be applied. One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety towards carrying this Act into Execution, as the said Trustees shall direct; and where Money shall be payable for any Forfeiture or Penalty if the Officer shall reporc that sufficient Effects for Distress cannot be found, and the Money due shall not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace for the County wherein the Offence shall be committed, to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Money, with the reasonable Charges, be sooner paid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall Persons ag-think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy or Method of Relief hath Quarter Set-been already directed or appointed, it shall and may be lawful'to and for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter Sessions for the County wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arlfen, or in case the Caule of Complaint shall arise within Fifteen Days before such Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal may be made to the said Justices at the Second Quarter Seftior.s, who are hereby authorized and required to take such Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Comp'aints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved, and if they fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of such Meeting, mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any of the said Forfeitures or Penalties imposed or incurred by the said Party or Parties complaining, or vacate and set a fide the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Costs as to them in their Discretion may seem proper, and may levy by their Order or Warrant such Costs so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the fame-, and for want of sufficient Dil-tress, to commit the Patty to the Common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Costs shall be made but the Person or Persons so appealing as aforesaid shall and they are hereby direcced, to give Notice in Writing to the Defendant of such Intention of bringing or profecucing any Appeal, Fifteen Days before the said Quarter-Sessions, and shall within Five Days after such Notice given, lodge, in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Justices, a Bond signed by him, her, or them, and Two sufficient Securities, obliging him or them to prosecute such Appeal; and in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, to pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall direct in that behalf, and every such Appeal shall, at the said Qjarccr-Srflions,

§72 44° GEORGII ill. Cap. 52.

be there heard and finally determined, without being subject to Advoca^ tion, Reduction, or Suspension.

m-6 b°thu

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the

" u Justices of the Peace of the said Counties respectively, or any Two of

them, to cause any Roads connected with the Roads included and direct ted by this Act to be made and repaired, and which are useless to the Publick to be (hut up: Provided always, that in case any Person ha ing Interest (hill think himself aggrieved by the Act or Order of the said Justices, for (hutting up any Road, it shall be competent to him, upon good Cause shewn, to reduce the fame, any Time within Three Years after the said Road has been (hut up, by a competent Process before the Court of Session.

Roads trading

LX. And whereas by the said herein-before recited Act, pasted in the BHdgetobe Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, (hut up, that the Road by Ellijion Bridge being rendered unntceflary by the Erection of Garthland Bridge and Access made thereto, the fame should be lhut up and cease to be used or considered as a Road: And whereas a Road has been made from Garthland Bridge to Lochwinnoih, by Burnfoet, Chapelton, and Gateside, more level and commodious for the Publick than the Road by Ellijion Bridge-, be it enacted, That the said Road by Ellis-ton Bridge, and also all Roads leading to and from the iz\d Eliifion Bridge, and from Garthland Bridge to Lochwinnoch, shall be (hut and cease to be used and considered as Roads, save and except the said Road from Garth-land Bridge to Lochwinnoch by Burnfoot, Chapelton, and Gateside.

Rate of con-

LXI. And whereas an Act was made in the Thirty-second Year of the !eWednin°iieu ^c'gn His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making effectual the of Statute Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion Mo-

X-abour, ngy jn Heu of Labour in certain Cases-, and for otherwise regulating,

making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the fetid County: And whereas the Trustees thereby appointed were authorized to levy certain Conversions in Money from Persons liable in Statute Services on the Highways, in lieu of actual Labour, and to lay an Assessmenc on the Heritors of Land for building Bridges, which Conversions and Assessments are inadequate to the Services to be performed, and insufficient for the Purposes of maintaining and keeping in Repair the Roads and Bridges in the said County, which are not Turnpike; be it therefore enacted, That the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act may and they are hereby authorized to levy or cauie to be levied on the same Days as are specified in the said Act, from all Occupiers of Land, whether Heritors or Tenants, in lieu of actual Labour, a Conversion in Money for the Lands occupied by them respectively, not exceeding One Pound Nine Shillings and Two-pence on each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent and where the Valuation shall not exceed Fifty Pounds Scots, the said Trustees may, in their Option, either levy from the Occupier the Assessment for his Land, or the Assessment after mentioned for keeping Horses, or if he keeps no Horses, the Assessments to which Floufeholders are liable to pay, as after mentioned; and the said Trustees may levy or cause to be levied from all Innkeepers, Carters, Carriers, and all Persons keeping Horses (or Riding, Draught, or Carriage (not being Occupiers of Land), the Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence

Sterling

s7 3

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

Sterling for each Horse; and if they shall rent any Land, they shall either pay the Composition Money due for their Hoifes, or, in the Option of the Trustees, the Composition in lieu of Statute Labour for the Lands so occupied by them.

LXir. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may levy or cause Rate on Per-to be levied from all Householders, Labourers, Mechanics, Tradesmen, (^"rssn0°'^lc* and resident Inhabitants above the Age of Sixteen Years, (Apprentices o,keeping" who receive no Wages for their Labour being always excepted), not being Horsei. subject as aforesaid as Occupiers of Land, Innkeepers, Carters, Carriers, or Persons keeping Horses for Riding, Draught, or Carriage, in lieu of Statute Labour, a Converfton for the fame in Money, not exceeding Three Shillings Sterling yearly: Provided always, that no Servant or Labourer who shall bond fide be hired or engaged to work, during the Year or Half Year, under any Mailer subject to pay a Conversion in Money for the Land in which such Servant or Labourer reftdes or works, shall be liable in any Conversion except for Land which such Servant or Labourer may occupy on his own Account: And provided also, that no elta-blished Clergyman or Parish Schoolmaster shall be liable to pay the Conversion in lieu of Statute Labour, unless they ate Occupiers of Land as Proprietors or Tenants, in which lait Cafe they shall be liable to pay for the Land so occupied by them.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That when the whole Roads in any One Parish Kate of Con-shall be completely made, it shall be in the Power of the lad mentioned Trustees, at a General Meeting, to abate the Rate of Conversion in such a 1 ‘ Parish, to such Sum as shall to the said Trustees appear fulEcient to keep the Roads in such Parish in Repair, and to vary the said Abatement from Time to Time as they shall see Cause.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person liable as aforesaid, shall re- Payment to be fuse or neglect on or before the respective Days specified in the said Act enforced, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to pay the aforesaid Conversion, it shall be lawful for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, to grant summary Warrants for poinding, seizing, and distraining the Effects of the Defaulters or Defaulter for Payment of the converted Values before mentioned, and a Third Part more, befidts the Expence of Execution; which Warrants shall be granted, and the Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby required to grant the fame, upon an Application made by the Collector, and an Attestation signed by him, bearing that the Persons complained upon, had been deficient in paying the Conversion above mentioned, any Thing in the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty notwithstanding.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Treb’e Da-One or more of the Justices of the Peace aforesaid to award Damages to c<^$Sm»ybe the Treble Value, and Treble Costs to be paid by the Collectors to awarded/ the Persons aggrieved by such Warrants, if it shall be found that the Col-kdlors have made a false and improper Accusation of any Person liable as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Appeal, Suspension, or Complaint, shall Hop the Payment of the Conversion Money, reserving to the Party aggrieved, Action for Redress before the Justices of Peace of the said [Loc. dsf Per.] io M County

874

Certain Clauses of this Act extended to Roads not Turnpike.

Judgement of Quarter Sessions to be final.

Bridge Mo. ney.

Expence of the Act to be paid,

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

County of Renfrew, at their Quarter Sessions, who may or shall award Relief, as they shall see Cause.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That all the Clauses contained in this Act, which relate to the altering the Courfeor Line of Turnpike Roads in the County of Renfrew, to digging for, taking, and carrying away Materials for the Use of the said Roads, and ascertaining Dam-ges for the fame, to removing Nuisances from the said Roads, or any of them, and to levying Penalties for Injury done to the said Roads, or any of them, shall be, and they are hereby extended to the Roads not Turnpike within the said County of Renfrew, any Thing in the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases and causes subject by this Act to the Decision of the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions af-lembled, the Judgement and Sentence of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be subject to Advocation, nor to any Suspension, Reduction, Appeal, or other Stay of Execution.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of the Roads, along with the Commissioners of Supply for the said County of Renfrew at the annual Meeting on the last Tuesday of October in Time coming, to assess the whole Heritors in the County in a Sum not exceeding Four Shillings and Two-pence Sterling upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, yearly, as the Lands stand valued in the Cess Books of the said County, or shall be valued in Manner aforesaid, in lieu of the Assessment authorized by the Sixteenth Act of the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, to be levied by the Collector of Supply, at the same Time with the Land Tax of the said County, and shall be applied by the said Trustees towards building, making, repairing, and upholding the Bridges in the said County.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That the Expences of procuring and passing this Act shall be paid from the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by this Act, and shall be made a Charge on each separace Road, in Proportion to the Money borrowed or authorized to be borrowed on such separace Road.

LXX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges and others whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and after the passing of this Act, and shall remain in <orce during the Perm ot Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

I*®

An Act for better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, therein.

WHEREAS the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, are not properly paved, cleanl'ed, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various Encroachments, Ob(tru£tions, Nuisances, Annoyances, and are very incommodious and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers: And whereas it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and to all Persons resorting to or travelling through the fame, if the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein were removed, and Provision made for preventing the like for the future: And whereas, the Provisions contained in an Act, made

[29th "June 1804.]

[Lac, & Per.]

10 N

in

S;8 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

In the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, Ati AH for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, and in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent mid Surrey} and for repairing the Highways, and paving and cleansing the Streets in the _/'aid Parishes; have been found insufficient for effectually paving and cleansing the Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford; but as the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected and carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Repeal of for- Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of nisi Ait. the said recited Act as relates to the paving and cleansing the Streets within the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed,

Commission-

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir William Geary Baronet, Filmer Honywood Esquire, Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent, and the Knights of the Shire for the County of Kent for the Time being; the Reverend John Drake D.D. Vicar of the said Parish, and the Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being; John Atkins, William Barnard, Edward George Barnard, Joseph Booth, Thomas Bennett, William Baildon, Nicholas Cheminant, William Chalklen, Anthony Fifloer, Richard Hughes, Robert Hill, George Hutton, Richard Hopkins, David Key, Henry Meares, the Reverend Colin Milne L.L.D. Robert Macure, Thomas Roberts, William Rout Junior, Ralph Sandom, Jeremiah Selmes, the Reverend William Towne D.D. William Tyler, John Warrington, William Warring-ton, George Warrington, and John White, shall be, and they are hereby appointed, Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

ITT. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Commissioners herein-bpfore particularly named, or hereafter to be elected, shall die or remove out of the said Parish, or shall, for the Space of One Year refuse or neglect to act (such Death, Removal, Refusal, or Neglect being declared at a publick Meeting), whereby the Number of Commissioners appointed or chosen in or by virtue of this Act shall not be Thirty, that then and in such Case the Inhabitants of the said Parish, rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, being assembled in the publick Vestry on Easter Tuesday in every Year, shall and may nominate, elect, and chuse such and so many fit Persons to be Commissioners, to fill up the Vacancies occasioned by Death or otherwise, as shall make up the Number of Thirty Commissioners; and every such Inhabitant so elected, after having duly qualified himself as herein-after directed, shall be and is hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting this Act into Execution as if they had been appointed Commissioners in or by this Act.

Qualification. iv. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person (excepting the Knights of the Shire and the Vicar of the said Parish) shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, (except in administering the Oath h&rein-after mentioned } which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, are hereby empowered to administer at their First or any Ivibiequent Meeting,

to>

On Dentil, Re-l ufal, or Removal cf Corn-million ers out of the Parish, others to be chosen

879

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

frf be holden in pursuance of this Act,). unless he shall,-at the Time of his acting, be a resident Inhabitant of the said Parish, and unless at the Time of his acting he shall be, in his owii Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real F-state of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds, or be in the actual Possession of a beneficial I.ease of Premises, lying within the said Parish, of the annual Value of Fifteen Pounds, or shall be possessed of Real or Personal Estate of the Value of Three hundred Pounds, or be rated by virtue of this Act at Twenty Pounds, and until such Person shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the Effect following:

I A.B. do swear, That I am, in my own Right or in the Right of my

Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a

Real Estate, lying within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the ‘ County of Kent, of the clear yearly Value of Ten Pounds, or in Pof-‘ fession of a beneficial Lease of Premises, lying within the said Parish, of the annual Value of Fifteen Pounds, or posselfed of a Real or Personal ‘ Estate of the Value of Three hundred Pounds, or that 1 am rated at ‘ Twenty Pounds a Year, under an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for paving, lighting, and ‘ watching the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of

Kent; and that I will truly and impartially, according to the bell of my ‘ Skill and Judgement, execute and perform all and every the Powers and

Authorities reposed in me in pursuance of the said Act.

'So help me GOD.’

And if any Person hereby declared incapable of acting as a Commissioner Penalty in in the Execution of this Act, shall nevertheless presume to act as such, quanfieVu1 every such Person for such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Cafe, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove, that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

V. Provided also, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Com- Commission-missioner in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall hold any

Office under the said Commissioners (except the Office of Treasurer), or during such Time as he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contraft to be performed, relating to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Meeting of Seven of them, shall meet in the Vestry Room of the said Parish Church, Commission. on the Second Tuefdap after the passing of this Act, between the "s Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and Six in the Afternoon, in order to

put this Act into Execution; and shall and may, then and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any other convenient Place within the said Parish, as they Or the

major

88o

Notice of Meetings.

CoitimiffioA* ers to defray (heir own Expences.

No Act valid imless at a Meeting. Powers of the Act to be executed by a Majority of Commissioners.

A Chairman to be appointed who shall have the calling Vote.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

major Part of them present at such Meeting shall appoint; and Twd Days Notice of such Adjournment shall be given to the Commissioners residing within the said Parish, by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, except in such Cases where the Adjournment shall be from Day to Day; and that in every such Notice the Time of Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be mentioned or set forth; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting of the said Commissioners a sufficient Number to act or to adjourn to another Day (1 hree Commissioners to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if the said Commissioners shall refuse or neglect to adjourn, or shall adjourn for any longer Time than Fourteen Days, then and in every such Case any Seven or more of the said Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall and may call a Meeting at the Place where the last Meeting was to have been holden, by public Notice to be given in the said Parish Church on the Sunday previous to such Meeting, at least Two Days before such Meeting; and that at all Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, the Commissioners shall defray their own Expences; but no Act of the said Commissioners shall be valid unless made or done at some publick Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act; and that all Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at any publick Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than the Number by this Act authorized to do such Business; and that a Chairman shall and may be appointed at every such Meeting; and that in all Cases the said Commissioners shall vote by Ballot in case the fame is desired by any Three or more of the Commissioners then present, and in case of an equal Number of Votes upon any Question (including the Chairman’s Vote), the Chairman shall have the casting Vote.

No Order to be revoked if confirmed at a Second Meeting of the Commissioners.

Proceedings to be entered.

Books to be inspected.

VII. Provided always, That no Order made by the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall be revoked or altered if such Order so made as aforesaid shall be confirmed at a Second Meeting, but that such Order or Orders so confirmed at such Second Meeting as aforesaid, shall be conclusive and final, any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, arid fair and regular Entries to be made therein, of the Names of all the Commissioners who shall duly qualify in pursuance of this Act; and of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Commissioners as shall be present at their respective Meetings; and the Chairman of each Meeting of the said Commissioners and their Clerk shall always subscribe their Names at the End of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners at every such Meeting, and all Entries in such Books, being signed as aforesaid, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions touching any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall at any of the Meetings of the said Commissioners he open and liable to the Inspection of all and every the said Commissioners, and all and every the Persons rated and afieflfed for the Purposes of this Act,

44° GEOftGlI HI. Cap. 53. 88i

nhd also of all and every the Creditors ail Annuitants on the Rates or AfTcffinents hereby granted and made payible.

IiC. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, of any comniiffimT-Seven or more of them, shall and may from Time to Ti ne, when- e, J?: ever they shall think necessary, appoint and employ a Treasurer and lhce' ’

Clerk, and Collector or Collectors of the Rates or Afieffmetus hereinafter mentioned; and also a Surveyor and all such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and from Time to Time remove him or them, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall otherwise relinquiffi or discontinue such Office, and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, pay such Salaries,

Wages, and Allowances, to the said Officers and other Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think reasonable; and the said Com- Treasurer anil nnffioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and are hereby required to^Tvc Stcu- to take such Security from such Treasurer and other Officers for the due rity. Execution of their respective Offices as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, (at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct,) deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Officer* to Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have account» been by such Officer and Person respectively received by Virtue and fof the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them and pay Ba. respectively, to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, lince> or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid shall, upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer,) verify the said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall neglect or refuse to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, within Thirty Days next sifter being the reunto required by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more or them, by Notice in Writing, given or to be left at the last or usual Placfc’ of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Commissioners respecting the fame, then and in any of the Cases afore- penalty ore said, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may and 0,1 C£rs re-are hereby authorized and empowered to cause an Action to be brought count.*c* against the Officer so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall remain due from him, with Coils of Suit; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Neglect or Refusalas aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace in and for the County or the Place wherein such Officer so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside, such Justice may and ILoc.&Per j 10 0 i*

882

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Officer so neglecting or refusing to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a luminary Way; and if upon the Complaint of the Party, or upon the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, If Balance not upon Nonpayment thereof, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to leriedby Dif* cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods or tref*. Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can

be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges On Failure of of distraining and felling the fame, or if it shall in Manner aforesaid appear officer*to*be to Ju*ce> that such Officer shall have neglected or refused to render committed, and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have neglected or refused to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in any of such Cases aforesaid, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol for the County where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Person, who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be committed for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months.

For Appoint- X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as often as any Collector Seer's in Cases or Reiver of the Monies, to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall die, or of Death, <-. be incapable or neglect to perform his Duty, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or any Twelve or more of them, though not assembled at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to collect the fame, who shall give such Security for the due Execution of his Office during his Continuance therein as the said Commissioners shall think proper, until the Commissioners shall, at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Collector or Receiver of such Monies j any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Treasurer to XI, And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer to the said Commis-it orrieredVb sioners shall and may, and he is hereby authorized and required, out of Corr.mission- the Monies to be received by him by virtue of this Act, to pay all Sums tr*- of Money which the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them,

shall, from Time to Time, draw upon him for or order him to pay; and the said Treasurer shall, and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear Entries in a Book or Books to be for that Purpose by him provided

and

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. £83

and kept, of all and singular his Receipts and Payments, on Account or in pursuance of this Act, and shall, on the Twenty-fifth Day of March yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners then next following, lay the said Accounts before the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to be audited, passed, and allowed.

XII. And , for defraying the Charges and Expences of paving and re- Commission-pairing the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, and for removing Annoyances and Incroachments therein, and for other the Purposes of this Act; cupiers to de-be it enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of June One p*.

thousand eight hundred and four, One or more Rate or Rates, Alfeflf- ing, &c. not ment or Assessments, shall, Twice in every Year, or oftener if it shall be thought needful by the Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, p^uiid. be made, laid, and assessed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more them, upon all and every Person and Persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy any House, Shop, Warehouse, Wharf, Cellar,

Vault, Stable, Coach House, Brewhouse, Brewing Offices, Granaries,

Malthouses, Storehouses, and other Buildings, Private Deck Yards, Yards, and Gardens, within the said Parish, (save and except the Persons inhabiting, holding, or occupying, from Time to Time, the several Almf-houses of and belonging to the Corporation of Trinity House, and the Ground belonging to and used with such Almshouses respectively), and in such competent Sum and Sums of Money as the said C ommissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall yearly and every Year order and di-rest, so as such Rates or Assessments do not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound in One Year, of the yearly Rent or yearly Value of such Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Wharfs,

Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach Houses, Brewhouses, Brewing Offices,

Granaries, Malthouses, Storehouses, and other Buildings, Private Dock Yards, Yards, and Gardens, as aforesaid, such yearly Rent or Value to be ascertained by such Ways and Means as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper: Provided always, that the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, if they think proper, at any Meeting, amend any such Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, after the same shall have been made and signed, by inlerting the Name of any Person who ought to have been, but has not been, rated or assessed, or by llriking out the Name of any Person who hath been, but ought not to have been, rated or assessed, or by altering the Sum or Sums charged in any such Rate or Assessment, on any Person or Persons, or in any other Manner which the said Commissioners shall think proper, for making the same a jull and equal Rate or Assessment, without wholly setting aside or qualhing the fame: Provided always, that no Person shall be subject to any Rate or Assessment who shall occupy any House or other Premises, the annual Value whereof shall not exceed Three Pounds: Provided always, and be it further enacted, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Commissioners to make, lay, act’efs, or levy, any Rate or Rates, A He Ament or Assessments, for or in respect of any Toll or Tolls collected or received, or so be collected or received, by virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Raven Iborne, at or near its Mouth or Outlet into the River Thames, in the County of Kent, and for vuiking and maintaining proper Approaches thereto.

1

884

Rates to be fig wed by J allices, who are to grant Warrants to colltdl and levy the same.

Manner of Recovery.

Receiver, or other Persons authorized by the Commissioners, are to be allowed to iafpeA and take Copie* for Ixtia&s from the Books of Land Tax and of Poors Rates, etc. in the Parish, gratis, in order to afeer. tain the (hid AHeflinentf.

Penalty for Ketufai.

Rates on Hout'-s let to diver* Tc-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Rates made by virtue of

this Act shall be allowed and signed by Two Justices of the Peace

acting in and for the said County of Kent, who are also hereby empowered

and required to grant a Warrant or Warrants for collecting thereof, as

also for levying of the fame, by such Person or Persons as the said Com- i

millioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall nominate or appoint, and which Warrants shall be sufficient Authorities to the respective Persons

thereby authorized, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and the said

Rates, after the same shall be so allowed and signed by the said Justices, 4

shall be collected Half-yearly, or oftener if the said Commissioners, or any o’

Seven or more of them, shall think it necessary, by the Collector or Col- T

leftors, or other Person or Persons, to be appointed as aforesaid, and be o

paid over by such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse, neglect, or omit to pay the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they shall be rated or alfelfed at by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Seven Days after personal Demand made thereof, or Demand, in Writing, left at the Place of Abode or Occupation of such Person or Persons, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons, who shall be authorized as aforesaid, to collect the said Rates, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting, refusing, or omitting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducting the Sum or Sums due in respect of such Rates or Assessments, and all Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Receiver or Receivers of the Rate or Assessment, or for any other Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at all convenient Times (first having an Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or moie of them, for that Purpose), toinfpeft the Books of Assessments of the Land Tax, and also the Books or Rates made for raising Money for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, in order to ascertain the Rates and Assessments to be raised by virtue hereof, and also to take Copies thereof and to make Extracts therefrom; which Iulpeftion, Copies, and Extracts, the Clerk or other Officer or Person, having the Custody of such Book, Assessment, and Rate, Books, Assessments, and Rates, are hereby required to permit and suffer to be made, without Fee or Reward, by such Receiver or Receivers, Person or Persons, appointed as aforesaid, on their producing an Or,der under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for that Purpose; and in case any such Vestry Clerk or other such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons, shall neglect or refuse so to do within Seven Days after such Order shall be produced and [hewn to him or them, or a Copy thereof left at his or their last or most usual Place of Abode, then, and in every such Case, he or they so refusing or neglecting shall, for the first Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds.

XV. And whereas, several Houses within the said Parish may be by the Landlords or Owners thereof let out into Lodgings or Tenements, to

divers

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

divers Tenants, whereby it may be difficult to rate such Houses, and td recover such Rates and Assessments when made; for Remedy thereof be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may rate or assess the Landlord or Owner of any House which shall be let to or occupied by Two or more Tenants, and the Landlord or Owner of every such House shall pay the fame accordingly.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay any Rate or Assessment to be made under the Authority of this Act, for or in respect of any Messuage, House, or other Building, or of any Land which shall be unoccupied during the Whole of the Quarter of a Year, in or for which the Quarterly Portion of Rate or Assessment demanded shall have become or accrued due.

XVII. And, to the End the said Rates may be more effectually collected and received, be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, are and shall be liable to all and every the Rates and Assessments. that shall have been rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by him, her, or them respectively occupied, and all Arrears thereof accruing and becoming due while the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, were empty and unoccupied, when no Composition shall have been made to the Collector and Collectors or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and shall be subject to such Distress as aforesaid in case of Non-payment thereof; and such Tenant or Tenants, and Occupier or Occupiers, shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorized to deduct and detain, out of his, her, and their Rent, such Proportion of such Rates as he, she, or they shall respectively pay for or on Account of the several Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Landlord or Landlords, of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person, who have or hath been rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, shall quit his or her Dwelling House, Warehouse, Wharf, Shop, Vault, Cellar, Dock, Dock Yard, or other Yard or Tenement, whereupon such Rate or Assessment has been made, before he or she shall have paid the fame, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the fame when due and demanded as aforesaid, by the Person or Persons authorized and appointed to collect and receive the same, that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Kent, or for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Person shall remove to or reside, or where any Goods or Chattels of such Person shall be found (which Warrant such Justice is hereby required to grant, upon Proof made of the Sum so due before him, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses), to levy such Rate or Rates by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person so neglecting or refusing, rendering the Overplus (if any such shall be), after Payment of the Money due in respect of such Rate or Assessment, and the reasonable Charges and Expences of such

[Lee. fcs1 Per.] io F Distress

8§5

nar.ts to be paid by the Landlord.

Houses, unoccupied noi rateable.

Tenants* and

Occupiers to pay the Rues and Arrears due by the Landlord, and deduct it out of their Rent.

Occupier quitting without pa> ing Rates tray be followed.

886

Agreements between Lindlorils and Tenants not to be atfiefted

Ra’es apportioned between Occupiers quitting and coining into any House, etc.

Churches, Church Yards, Meeting Houses, Dead Walls, and void Spaces of Oround, etc. may he rated.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. si-

Distress and Sale, unto the Person whose Goods and Chattels Hull have been so distrained and fold.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contraft, Covenant, or Agreement, between any Landlord and Tenant, or between any Bodies Politick or Corporate, and any other Person or Persons, touching or concerning the paving or repairing the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, or any Part thereof; but that every Person, Body Politick or Corporate, who is or are now, by virtue of any such Contract or Covenant, obliged to pave or keep in Repair any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, shall in lieu thereof be obliged to pay the Sums of Money hereby directed to be paid and levied, or so much thereof ns shall, by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, be deemed just and reasonable according to the true Meaning of such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, for and during such Time as such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement shall remain in Force; and in case any Dispute shall arise concerning such Contract, Covenant, or Agreement, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the same.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall remove from or quit any House, Building, Garden, Tenements, or Hereditaments, rated or assessed, or liable to be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, such Person or Persons shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in proportion to the Time that he, she, or they occupied the fame respectively, in like Manner, as if such Person or Persons had not removed or quitted the fame; and in all Cases, where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any House, Building, Garden, Tenements, or Hereditaments, rated or assessed, or liable to be rated or assessed as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person, who shall have been rated or assessed for the fame, shall have removed, or which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment, was empty or unoccupied, the Person or Persons coming into or occupying the same shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in Proportion to the Time that such Person or Persons occupied the fame, in like Manner as if he, she, or they had been originally rated or assessed for such House, Building, Garden, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which said respective Proportions, in case of Dispute, shall be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby required at such Times as the Rates hereby directed shall be made, to rate and assess, for the Purposes aforesaid, all Churches, Church Yards, Meeting Houses, and other Places of Publick Worship, or intended for that Purpose, with the Ground belonging the reunto, Hof-pitals, Prisons, and all other Publick Buildings whatsoever, (save and except the several Alms Houses of and belonging to the Corporation of Trinity House, and the Ground belonging to and used with such Alms Houses), and all void Spaces of Ground fenced in, or otherwise situate and being in the said Parish, to be rated as aforesaid, at such Rate as the

S8j

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

/aid Commissioners, or any ceven or more of them, shall judge reasonable, but not exceeding Two Shillings for every Yard running Measure upon every such Church, Church Yard. Meeting House, and other Place of Publick , Worship, with the Ground thereunto belonging, Prison and other Publick Building, Dead Wall and void Space of Ground, fnuated by the Sides of any of the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, directed to be paved; and such Rate or Rates, AfftfTmentor Assessment, so to be from Time to Time made, shall be paid by the respective Persons following,

(that is to say,) for every Church and Church Yard by the Churchwardens thereof; for every Dead Wall and vacant Piece of Ground by the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof; for every Meeting House and other Place of Publick Worship, with the Ground thereunto belonging, by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Trustee or Trustees, or their Treasurer, Minister, or Deacon, or other Person officiating the rein; and for every Hospital, Prison, or other Publick Building, (save and except the said Alms Houses and Ground belonging to the Corporation of Trinity House), by the Person or Persons who are now liable to pay for paving or keeping in Repair the Pavements in the front thereof; and in case any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay the said last mentioned Rates to the said Collector or Collectors, upon personal Demand thereof made, or in Writing left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons required to pay the fame, then and in every such Case the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any One or more of the respective Officers or Persons respectively charged, in the same Manner as if such Officers or Persons were actual Owners and Occupiers of such Property, and were or had been charged as such; and all such Officers or Persons respectively may charge the Sum or Sums to be so rated, afieffed, and charged on them respectively, after Payment thereof, to or in their respective Accounts.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- pe, r0ns ag-fons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, such Person or commiuion-Persons may apply to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of ere. them, at any Meeting to be holden within Fourteen Days next after Demand of such Rate or Assessment, but if no Meeting shall be held

within such Time, then at the next Meeting which shall be held then after; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Person or Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem reasonable.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Per- ptrrons pay-fons paying the Rates and Assessments hereby authorized to be levied j£st'hceXempt-within the said Parish, shall be, and they and every of them is and are e<t trom all hereby exempted and discharged from all other Charges and Expences of 0 h«r Expenpaving, lighting, watching, or cleansing any Part or Parts of the said c*’ ° 1 ' Parish, and also from all Penalties which may be incurred by reason or

means of their neglecting to pave or repair, light, watch, or cleanse the fame respectively, any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall affeCf the annual Sum of Ten Pounds now payable to the Trustees of the Rotherhithe Turnpike Road by the said Parish.

888

Payment of Rates not to gain a Settlement.

Pavements liable to be repaired by any I’arish, &e. are to be repaired at their Expence.

The Commissioners may compound with such Pai ;£h.s.

Comrr.ifllon-ers may borrow Money at Interest,

and assign the Rates as a Security.

Form of Assignment.

44° GEORG 11 til. Cap. 53.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall gain any legal Settlement in the said Parish by Reason only of his, her, or their being rated and assessed to or paying any Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, or by Reason only of his or their being appointed to or accepting or holding any Office or Place of Employment whatsoever under or by virtue of this Act.

XXV. And He it further enacted, That where any Part or Parts of the Pavements of the said Streets, Lanes, Yards, Courts, Alleys, or Passages or Highways, within the said Parish, hath or have been accustomed, or ought to be paved or repaired by any particular Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politick or Corporate,or by the Trustees of any Turnpike Road, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Houses, or other Buildings wiihinthe said Parish, the same shall be paved and repaired at the Expence of the respective Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Trustees, as aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, to compound and agree for the fame with any such Parish or Parishes, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Trustee, for a certain Sum of Money, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think reasonable.

XXVII. And, for the more effectually enabling the said Commissioners to execute the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, when they shall judge necessary, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments herein-before granted or authorized to be raised, and by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage, dtmife, grant, or assign over the said Rates or Assessments, or any Part or Parts thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or his or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security or Securities for the Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest for the fame; and every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following, videlicet:

‘ RY virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here ‘ insert the Title of the A cl,] We

‘ of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act, in Confederation

of the Sum of advanced and lent by A.B. upon the

£ Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant, bargain, fell, and ‘ demise unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, 1 such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said ‘ Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the

‘ whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed or become due and ‘ owing, or charged upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden

from this Day of in the Year

until

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 889

‘ until the Sum of with Interest, at

‘ per Centum per Annum for the same shall be repaid and

‘ satisfied. In Witness whereof, we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals,

‘this Day of in the Year of our

Lord

And every such Allignment shall be good, valid, and effectual; and No Preference all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made, I"r*rPectof or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the said Rates or Assessments equally one with another, without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Assignments.

XXVIII. And belt further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, Money may or any Seven or more of them, shall think it adviseable or more advantageous to raise all or any Part of the Money necessary for the Purposes of this Act, by granting of Annuities for Lives, instead of Assignments as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, so as that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate not exceeding of Ten Pounds for One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so that the IcLfrr ConU whole Money to be raised upon Mortgage, and by the granting of Annuities Monies'to'be as aforesaid, do not exceed the Sum of Six thousand Pounds; and taken up at the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words or to the Effect Intcfe,t a,ld

r ... 1 1 on Annuities

following: not to exceed

6000l.

Wf E Form of the

’ Grant of Annuities.

of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Third, intituled, [Here set forth the Title of the in Considera-

tion of the Sum of paid by

to the Treasurer,

appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant unto the said

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, an Annuity or yearly Sum of out of the Rates or Assess-

‘ ments granted or arising by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity or ‘ yearly Sum of shall be paid to the said

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at

upon the

in every Year during the natural Life of

[Loc. & Per.2 10 J^L

and the ‘ first

890

Interest Money and Annuities to be paid Qu r-lerj^.

Securities for Monies lent and Annuities may be transferred.

Form of the Transfer.

Transfers entered and Books examined.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

‘ first Payment thereof shall be made upon the next

‘ entiling the Date of these Presents.

‘ In Witness whereof, we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals,

the Day of in the Year of our

‘ Lord

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law; and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid out of the said Rates or Al-fcAments, and the Purdialer of every such Annuity, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and be entitled to such Annuity out of the said Rates or Assessments during the Term of the natural Life of the Person for whose Life such Annuity shall be granted; and every such Annuity, and also the Interest arising on every Mortgage or Affigpnient to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be payable and paid by the Xrpdme1' so t)ie said Commissioners at or in the said Parish by equal (Quarterly Payments, the First Payment thereof respectively to be made at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Date of the respective Securities.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money borrowed or raffed by Mortgage, and for the Annuities granted as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time by Writing under their I lands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Transfer may be in the Worffb or to the Effect following;

‘ T being entitled to the Sum of

1 (or an Annuity of,) secured

to Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by virtue of a Mortgage or Assignment, (or Grant of Annuity,) bearing Date

‘ the Day of under the Hands and Seals of

‘ of the

‘ Commissioners acting in the Execution of a certain Act of Parliament,

made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George ‘ the Third, intituled, [ Here set forth the Title of the upon the Credit,

or arising out of the Rates or Assessments granted by the said Act, do hereby ‘ transfer all my Right and Title in and to the fame, and all Interest and

other Money now due and owing thereon, unto

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated the

Day of

And Copies of all Mortgages or Assignments, and Grants of Annuities, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and Extrads or Memorials of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, which Extrads or Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby transferred; to which Book any Person mterested shall, at all seasonable Times, have Access, and shall have free Liberty to infptd the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid, by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made of any such Transfer, every 1 ‘ 'v* r J such

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 891

such Transfer so entered shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time When any after the said Commissioners shall have so borrowed or raised the said Sum originVoUt of Six thousand Pounds, the fame, or any Part thereof, shall be paid '* paid off off and discharged, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, ^ybor-or any Seven or moTe of them, again to borrow and take up the fame, row more, or any other Sum or Sums of Money, so as that the Sum or Sums of

Money to be so borrowed or raised shall not, at any Time, exceed in the Whole the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Power to bor-can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower io enr'-jn Rate of Interest than the Assignments or Securities, which shall be then interest to airforce, shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from charge Secu-Time to Time to charge the said Rates or Assessments, in Manner afore- higher Rate, said, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and the

Interest; thereof, at such low Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Assignments or Securities bearing a higher Rate of Interest according to the Directions and Regulations herein prescribed for paying off Assignments or Securities.

XXXII. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the Persons Provihon for who shall have advanced and lent Money upon the Credit of the Rates or

f Assessments to be made and raised respectively by virtue of this Act, be it by Ballot,

further enacted, That the said Commissioners (if there shall be more Creditors than One) shall cause the Numbers of all Assignments or Securities granted and then in force for Teeming the principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, of which. Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written upon distinct Pieces of Paper of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Assignments or Securities shall be drawn separately out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and after every such Ballot the said Commissioners shall cause Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot, and where there is only One Creditor, to give Three Calendar Months Notice to such Creditor, of the said Commissioners Intention to pay him or her as aforesaid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Interest due thereon, and that the same shall be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in such Notice, such Day not being sooner than Three Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice as aforesaid; and the Interest of the principal Money to be so paid off shall, from and after the Day to be so specified, cease, and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the principal Money, in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day to be so specified, shall nevertheless be payable on Demand.

892 4-4° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Pavements

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Property of all the present lmffijiiers, " allcl future Pavements in the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said Parish, as well in the Foot Paths as Carriage Ways, and of all Lamps, Lamp Irons, and Polls, which shall be erected or fixed by virtue of this Act, and of all Materials, Implements, and other Things, which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall belong to, and who mny the same are hereby vested in, the said Commissioners; and they, or any

bong Actions. / ' ' J i

Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to cause an Action to be brought, or a Bill of Indictment to be preferred (as the Case shall require), against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy, any Part thereof; ials and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Materials, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the Came except such Broad Stones which the Occupier of any House or Tenement shall have laid down, at his or her own Costs and Charges, in the Fo.pt Path along the Front of such House or Tenement, for which said Broad Stones he or (lie shall be allowed a fair and reasonable Price by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them), and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Old M 'ci

10 be loid.

Certain Allowance to Inhabitant?.

Comnniflion-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the street "to" Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, pivid. and at all Times, when and so often as they shall think proper, to cause, order, and direct, all or any of the present or future Pavements in the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, as well in those Parts used by Carriages as those used by Foot Passengers, to be taken up, and the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, to be paved, relaid, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and all such Foot Paths as are practicable, to be paved with Flag Stones or smooth Pavement, and all the Horse Ways and Carriage Ways with good Rag Stones, Pebbles, or such other Materials as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and also to cause, order, and direct the said several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places to be cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Annoyances, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Incroachments, to be removed, and proper Drains, Sinks, Gutters, and Watercourses to be made, for conveying the Water off’ and from the said several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, and the several Houses and other Buildings within the said Parish, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and the Persons to be appointed and authorized by them, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to do the fame accordingly.

Penalty on

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time, obstruct, hinder, or molest any Surveyor or other Officer, Works’ Workman, or Person employed by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his Duty, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

make any Ai-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, at any Time, teration in the make, or cause to be made, any Alteration in the Form of the Pave-

F orm of the V mrnr

Payment. mC

393

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

ment of any Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place, within the said Parish, without the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, assembled at some of their Meetings first had and obtained, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to Commission-

and for the said Commissioners to enter into any Contract or Contracts C°n*

for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the several Streets, Lanes,

Peffages, and Places within the said Parish, or any of them, or for furnish-

ing Materials, or any other Matters or necessary Things whatsoever, or for any other the Purposes of this Act; but before any such Contraft or Contrafts shall be entered into, Seven Day’s Notice at the lead shall be given in some publick Newspaper, circulated in the said Parish, and by Writing affixed on the Church Door of the said Parish, expressing the Purpose or Purposes of such Contraft or Contrafts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame, may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Commissioners at a certain Time and Place, in such Notice to be mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Con-traftor for the due Performance of his or her Contraft.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Contraft or Contrafts Contrails not shall be deemed good or valid, if the same shall have been made for a

longer Space or Term than Three Years, from the Time of entering into than j years, such Contraft or Contrafts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Contraft or Contrafts Contrtfis to shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be received th/coufnvif-or paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works shall sioners.

be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-performance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and also by the Person or Persons contrafting to perform such Works respectively, which Contraft or Contrafts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk to the said Commissioners.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Surveyors ta the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are works.'*16 hereby directed to cause all and every the Works done in pursuance of this Act, to be inspected by their Surveyor and Surveyors, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the several Occupiers of Houses Foot Path* *o and other Tenements within the said Parish shall, as soon as the Foot be f»ept daily. Pavement in Front of or adjoining such Houses and other Tenements respectively are by virtue of this Act made and completed, sweep and cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the said Foot Pavement before their respective Houses, Tenements, and Walls, every Day between the Hours of Seven and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, {Sundays excepted) upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons employed For regulating by, or contrafting with the said Commissioners for cleansing the several Scsvtn8er*-[Loc. & Per.2 \o R Streets,

894 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, within the said Parish; or the Person or Persons employed by, or acting under the Direction of f. ch Person or Persons fa corn rafting with the said Commissioners, shall. Twice in every Week, (that is to say), on every Wednesday and Saturday between such Hours of those respective Days, and also on such other Days, and at or between such Hours as the Commissioners aforesaid shall from Time to Time appoint, sweep and collect together, all Dust, Dirt, filth, or Kub-bish, in such Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, where such Cart or other Carriage can pass, and shall, at or before his or their Approach, by Sound of Bell, Voice, or otherwise, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his or their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court, Passage, or Place, into which such Cart or Carriage cannot pass; and such Person or Persons aforesaid shall immediately take the Dull, Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders, Ashes, and other Filth (except Filth from any Privy or Necessary House) from the respective Premises, in such several Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, and put the fame into such Cart or Carriage; all which Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders, Ashes, and Filth, (except as aforesaid), as well as all such Dust, Dirt, Dung, Ashes, and Filth, as shall be swept up and collected together as aforesaid; such Person or Persons shall then immediately, or as Toon as may be, carry away, or cause to be carried away, to the Place or Places appointed for depositing the fame, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for every Offence or Neglect therein, and the Person or Persons so employed as aforesaid, shall cause the Words Scavenger’s Cart to be painted in large Roman Letters on the Front, or on some other conspicuous Part of every Cart or Carriage used for the Purposes aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Neglect therein; and if any such Person so employed as aforesaid shall sweep or throw any Dust, Dirt, Ashes, or Filth, into any Creek, Fleet, Drain, Sewer, Sink, or Water-course, within the said Parish, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Preventing

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who-Ashei or Dirt soever shall throw, call, or lay, or cause to be thrown, cast, or laid, any ;nto*he"0"n Dust, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Ashes, or other Filth whatsoever, Streets. ;nt0 any Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place within the said Parish, (except the Dust, Dirt, Ashes, and Filth, to be collected and put together, and placed as aforesaid, and except as is next herein-after mentioned), every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; or if any Person or Persons whol'oever shall throw or cast any such Dust, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Ashes, or other Filth or Thing whatsoever, into any Creek, Fleet, Sewer, Drain, Sink, or Watercourse, under the Direction of the said Commissioners within the said Parish, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall take or carry away any Ashes, Dust, Muck, Dung, or Manure, out of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, other than the Persons contrafting or to be appointed or employed by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for such Purposes as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of Twenty Shilling* for every such Offence': Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any

»- Ashes,

Howerton te

Ctrl')

Sod net Con-iracton

895

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Allies* Dust, Dirt, Filth, Dung, or Rubbish, which any of the Inhabitants of the said Parish shall think fit. to reserve and keep within their respective Houses, Yards, or Gardens, but the same shall respectively belong to the Person or Persons so reserving the lame, so as such Ashes, Dull, Dirt, Filth, Soil, Dung, or Rubbish, be not laid down or placed in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading and carrying away the fame; but in case the Person or Persons so reserving such A flies, Dust, Dirt, Filth, Dung, or Rubbish, shall thereby annoy any of the said Inhabitants, and shall not remove the fame for the Space of Seven Days after Notice in Writing given to him or them under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or left at such Person’s Dwelling House to remove the fame, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day such Annoyances shall be permitted to remain, next after such Notice given as aforesaid.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to subject any Person whomsoever to any Penalty by this Act inflicted, for or on account of any Rubbish or Dirt being laid or placed in any such Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place as aforesaid, occasioned by the building, pulling down, altering, or repairing his or her House or other Building, so as there be full and sufficient Space, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, or of their Surveyor for the Time being, left in or at the Side of the Street, Lane, publick Passage, or Place, where such Rubbish or Dirt shall lie or be placed, for Carriages to pass and repass, and a sufficient Way kept clean for Foot Passengers, by the Person or Persons laying or causing such Rubbish or Dirt to be laid or placed, and so as a sufficient Light be at his, her, or their own Expence, set and maintained at the Place where fucft Rubbish or Dirt shall be so laid or placed, from Sunset to Sunrife, to prevent any Mischief happening to Passengers or Cattle, and so as the fame be inclosed and fenced about, in such Manner and within such Time as the said Commissioners shall, by any Notice to be by their Order given to or left with such Person or Persons, direct and appoint, and so as such Rubbish or Dirt be removed, at the Expence of the Person or Persons so laying or causing the same to be laid, within a Time to be expressed in a Notice to be in like Manner given by the said Commissioners.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall run, drive, carry, or place on any of the Foot Paths, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, any Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Hand-barrow, Truck, or Carriage, or shall roll any Calk, for the Space of Forty Yards, or wilfully ride, drive, or lead any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, on any of the Foot Paths aforesaid, or shall kill, daughter, sing-e, scald, dress, or cut up any Beall or Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or'other Cattle, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places,‘or shall hoop, cleanse, walh or scald any Cask, or hew or saw, or cause to be hewed of fawn, any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bind, make, or repair the Wheel of any Carriage, or shoe, bleed, or farrier (except in case of Accidents), or turn or drive loose.any Horse, or ride or lead any Horse, for the Purpose of exercising or airing such Horse, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or shall place or expose to Sale, or cause, permit, or fuller to be set, placed, or exposed to Sale, any Goods, wires,

or

hut remove f»*ne on Notice.

Penalty nut to extend to Rubbish or Dirt occasion-td by building or repairing kiwUles.

Penalty on causing Annoyance^ irl the Streets,

L

Sg6

Penalty on Carriages left in the Streets j

on Swine or other Cattle wandering in the Streets j on Timber, Bricks, Stones, H.iy, Straw, £/<-. being left in the Streets.

No Cart to L« drawn falter than a Footpace, t r Hone turned out loose without being halter* e»f, nor Timber to be drawn without a Nib or Clinage.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

or Merchandize, either on the Foot Paths or Carriage Ways of any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, or shall hang up or expose to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any other Matter or Thing, upon any Flap Window or otherwise, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Foot Path or Carriage Way, or shall leave open any Cellar Window in the Evening or in the Night, without the fame being diffidently lighted to prevent Accidents happening therefrom; or shall make or assist in the making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or set up or throw at any Cock or Fowl, in the Manner called Cock-throwing, or shall ffct fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Serpent, Cracker, or Firework whatsoever, within the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places; every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Oifence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, shall be left to (land or remain in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, with or without Horses or other Cattle, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any Stage Coach, Diligence, Poll Chaise, or other Carriage let to Hire, shall be left to stand or remain in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, as aforesaid, without Horses, any longer Time than shall be necessary for the taking up or setting down the Fastengers, and for loading or unloading their Baggage; or if any Swine or other Beall or Cattle shall be permitted to wander or be in or about any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places; or if any Timber, Bricks, Lime, Mortar, Sand, Stone, Slates, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Tiles, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Materials or Things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed, and left to remain in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for moving and housing the fame; or if any Coal Ashes (except in the Time of Frofl only, and to prevent Accidents), or any Wood Ashes, Rubbish, Dull, Dirt, Dung, Filth, or any other Nuisance or Annoyance whatsoever, be thrown, cast, or laid in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places; then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Coach, Diligence, Pod Chaise, or other Carriage, and the Owner of any such Swine, or other Beast or Cattle, and of any such Bricks, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Materials, or Things, which shall be left or differed to remain in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, and the Person or Persons who shall so throw, cast, or lay, or cause to be thrown, cast, or laid, any Coal Ashes, Wood Ashes, Rubbish, Dirt, Dung, Filth, or other Annoyance whatsoever, as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully drive any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, Truck, or other Carriage, for the Conveyance of Goods, in, upon, or through any of the Streets, Lanes, or publick Passages in the said Parish, without some Person on Foot leading the Shaft Horse by a Halter or Rein affixed to the Head of such Horse, or shall turn out or drive any Horse or Horses in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or publick Passages, without being haltered, and having some Person to lead the fame, or shall draw any Timber, Block or Blocks

897

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Blocks of Wood or Stone, or other heavy Material, in, upon, or through any of the said Streets or publick Passages, without any Nib or Carriage, every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings.

XLIK. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall cause any Privy or NecelTary House within the said Parish to be emptied at any Time except between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Night, and Five of the Clock in the Morning, or shall lay or cause to be laid the Soil thereof in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or shall wilfully or negligently spill or throw down any such Soil in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages or Places, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Hog Stye, Lay Stall, Cow House, Slaughter House, or Necessary House, in the said Parish, shall, by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, be deemed a Nuisance to any of the Inhabitants thereof, or Persons residing the rein, the same shall be deemed a Nuisance and an Offence against this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any Person or Persons, to order the Person or Persons keeping such Hog Stye, Cow House, Slaughter House, Lay Stall, or Necessary House, to remove the fame within Seven Days next after due Notice of such Order; and in case the same shall not be removed in that Time, then the Person or Persons offending therein shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the said Seven Days, but subject to Appeal in Manner herein-after mentioned.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause all Signs which now are, or at any Time hereafter shall be placed or hung in any Part or Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, to be fixed and placed close to or on the Front of such Houses respectively, whereunto the same shall belong, and shall and may cause all Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Pods, Pent Houses, Areas, Spouts, Shop Windows, Shew Glasses, Shew Boards, and Cellar Windows, or any other Windows or other Encroachments or Obstructions, Projediions or Annoyances, in or upon the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or any of them, to be removed, filled up, or altered in such Manner as they shall think fit; and shall and may cause all Water to be conveyed from the Roofs, Cornices, and Pent Houses, by proper and sufficient Gutters, Pipes, or Trunks, to be affixed on the Fronts or Sides of the Houses, Shops, Warehouses, or other Buildings whereunto the fame belong, and to be brought down to the Pavement; and in case the Owner or Occupier of any House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building in the said Parish, to which any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Pod, Pent House, Area, Spout, Shop Window, Shew Glasses, Shew Boards, or Cellar Window, or other Encroachment, now or hereafter may belong, shall not, at the Costs and Charges of such Owner or Occupier (as the case may be), within Seven Days after Notice in Writing shall be given to them respectively, or left at their respective Dwelling Houses, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, \Loc. 53* Per."] 10 S remove.

Regulations for emptying Necessary Houses.

Annoyances by Hog Styes, GV. to be removed.

Penalty on alteiing the Form of the Street, and for removing Ob* iti uctions.

898

CommifTiun-ers may purchase and let up Lamps.

Penalty for taking away or dam*g;.ng Lamps, & i.

Persons accidentally da-^ping Lamps to n ake good the Damage*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

remove, fill up. or alter every such Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Port, Pen!, House, Spout, Shop Window, Shew Glasses, Shew Boards, Cellar Window, and other Encroachments and Annoyances, in such Manner as in such Notice shall be expressed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the same to be done, and to levy or cauf<- to be levied, the Cods and Charg s attending the fame by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner. Tenant, or Occupier of every such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, to which the fame may be attached or belonging, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal 6f any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Kent, rendering the Overplus, if any,) when demanded, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; or it shall and may be lawful to and for such Tenant or Occupier to fix up Pipes and Trunks of Efficient Length, and also to remove all such Annoyances, Projections, and Encroachments, and to deduct and retain the Charges and Expences thereof, and also any Money which shall or may be levied upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Tenant or Occupier as aforesaid, out of his or her Rent; and every Owner, Proprietor, or Landlord, is hereby required to allow the fame accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable any Tenant or Tenants for any Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years, whose Term remaining in his, her, or their Lease or Leases shall be equal to or excetd Seven Years, to make any such Deduction or Deductions out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, for or on account of any such Purposes as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, and at any Time or Times hereafter, to purchase, provide, affix, set up, alter, take down, and renew, such and so many Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts in such Places, and in such Manner, and to cause the same to be lighted at such Seasons of the Year, and such Hours of the Evening, as to them shall seem necessary or proper for the well and Efficiently lighting of all or any of the Lid Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully throw down, take, carry away, spoil or damage any such Lamps, or any of the Irons, Forts, or other Furniture thereof, or wilfully extinguiffi the Light of any such Lamp, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for each Offence, One Moiety of which shall go to the Informer, and the other to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or to the Contractor who shall have furnished such Lamps; and such Offender shall make full Satisfaction to the said Commissioners, or to such Contractor, for the Damage done thereby; such Damage to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is herein-after authorized or directed to be recovered; and in case any Person shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally, break, throw down, or otherwise spoil or damage any of the said Lamps, or the Irons, Ports, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately upon Demand make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, upon Proof thereof made by the Oath o f One or more Witness or Witnesses, or on the Confession of the Party, to award such Sum of Money, by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as

899

44° GEORGII' III. Cap. S3-

such Just tee shall think reasonable; and in case of Refusal or fjeglefl to pay such Sum of Money upon Demand, to cause the same to be levied and recovered in like Manner as the Rates or Assessments can or may be levied and recovered.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may and are hereby authorized from Time to Time, to establish and appoint such and so many honest and able bodied Watchmen as they shall judge necessary and proper to be kept and employed in the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places for that Service, and shall like wife order and direct, in Writing, how, where, and in what Manner they shall be stationed and armed, and how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue on Duty, and under what Allowance or Wages for their Attendance; and may also erect, hire, or otherwise provide a proper Place or Places for the Reception of the Watchmen; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to remove any One or more of such Watchmen on Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, and to impose any Fine or Sum of Money, not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for every Neglect or Miibe-hariour of such Watchman, such Fine to be deducted out of his Wages or Allowance; and also to make such further Orders and Regulations for the better Government and Direction of the said Watchmen as they shall think proper.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Watchmen, or any of them, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, during the Time of their keeping Watch and Ward, to apprehend and secure in the Watch House or Watch Houses, all such Male-factors, Disturbers of the King’s Peace, and all such suspected Persons who shall be found*wandering or misbehaving themselves, and to carry such Person or Persons as soon as conveniently may be, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, to be examined and dealt with according to Law.

LY. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of a Publick House or Cellar, shall knowingly and willingly harbour or entertain any Watchman employed by the said Commissioners, or permit or fuller any such Watchman to remain in such his or her Publick House or Cellar, during any Part of the Time appointed for their being on Duty as aforesaid, every such Victualler or Keeper of a Publick House or Cellar shall, for the First Offence, being thereof duly convicted, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, and for the Second and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to give such Rewards in Money to Watchmen as may be disabled, wounded, or hurt, in the Execution of their Duty, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, such Money to be paid out of any Money to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, may order and direct the Houses within the said Streets, Lanes, Paffag es, and Places* or any of them, to be numbered

Watchmen to he appointed.

Watchmen empowered to apprehend fufpt&ed Pcifous.

Vidhnllersnot to futter Walt imeo, &c. to he in their Hwutes duiing the Hours of Duty.

Corn mi (lion . trs may reward Watchmen.

Houses may be numbered,

900

and Names of Streets put up.

Commissioners may make Sewers, Drains, 6?c.

Private Drains to De cicanltd.

Damage done by W.iter Pipes to be repaired.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.s3.

bared with Figures, placed or painted on the Door of every such Rouse* or on such other Part thereof as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and may also order and diredk to be engraved, painted, or otherwise described, on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of every such Street, Lane, Passage. and Place, the Names by which such respective Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places aforesaid, are usually or properly called or known; and if any Person shall wilfully destroy, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may cause such and so many new Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, as they may think sufficient and necessary, to be dug and made in, along, or across any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places; and also any of the Sewers, Drains, and Vaults which now are or hereafter shall be made, within the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, to be enlarged, widened, raised, altered, removed, repaired, cleansed, or scoured, when and as often as to them shall seem meet; and also shall and may cause such and so many Grates or Openings to be made therein, for the conveying and carrying off the Filth, foul and other Waters, from the Houses built, or to be built, in or adjoining to such Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, into the said Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, as the said Cominifffoners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may think necessary and expedient for that Purpose; and all C.ofts, Charges, and Expences, in and about the making, enlarging, widening, raising, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing, or feouring such Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, shall be borne and defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all private Drains which now are, or which shall hereafter be made within any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, within the said Parish, and which do or shall issue into any of the publick Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, shall be repaired and cleansed, under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer, to the said Commissioners, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Tenements to which the said private Drains do and shall respectively belong.

LX. And be it further enacted, That wherever any of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, shall be broken up for the Purpose of laying, altering, or repairing any Pipe or Aqueduct, Pipes or Aqueducts, or the Plug or Plugs thereof, the Person or Persons breaking up the fame, and the Person or Persons for whom or by whose Order the same shall be so done, shall, and they are hereby required, at their own proper Coffs and Charges, to alter, lay, or repair such Pipe or Aqueduct, Pipes or Aque-dudts. Plug or Plugs, without the lead Delay or Intermission, and forthwith afterwards to amend and repair the Streets, Lanes, or Passages so broken up, in a good and substantial Manner, to the SatisfafUori of the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 901.

said Commissioners, or their Surveyor, appointed for the Purpose of this Act; and in case of Default, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order any Person or Persons, to repair, amend, and make good the said Street; Lane, or Passage, and the Charges thereof shall be paid to such Person or Persons, by the Person or Persons for whom or by whose Order the said Street, Lane, or Passage, was so broken up; and in Default of Payment thereof for the Space of Seven Days next after Demand shall be made for the fame, such Charges, together with a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, shall and may be recovered, and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons making Default, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale.

LXI. And, for the better preventing Damage by Fire within the said NewBuiidings Parish, be it further enacted, That if any Person shall erect or build, of*"* or cause to be erected or built, any House or other Building adjoining to certainThick, any other House or Houses, Building or Buildings, within the said neU'

Parish, unless the End or Side of such new House or other Building which shall adjoin any such other House or Building shall consist of a Party or Division Wall of Brick or Stone, of the Thickness of Nine Inches at the least, the Owner of every such House or other Building shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Month such House or other Building shall continue without such Party or Division Wall or Walls as aforesaid.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose of making Power for the narrow Parts of the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, safe and commodious for Carriages and Passengers, and chafe Lands, for altering, widening, and improving the present Communications between the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, or any of them, and for otherwise improving the said Parish, in Manner by this ASt directed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to contract and agree with such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate respectively, as shall be or be deemed to be Owners of or interested in any Lands, Buildings, '1 ene-mentis, or other Hereditaments within the said Parish, which the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think necessary to purchase, for the Purposes of this Act; and to take down or alter all or any of such Buildings, Houses, or Tenements to be so purchased, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively; and to appropriate all or any of the Ground or Sites thereof respectively; and also to appropriate all or any of the Lands to be so purchased, for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, as they the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power for and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Corpo- BjdiesPolitick rations whether Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, to Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of or for Lunaticks and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of their respective Qtfiuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Luna-, [Ew. Ss* Per.~] 1 o T ticks.

902

Directing: the Application of Comp.:nation Money, when exceeding aoo/.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

ticks, Idiots, or Femes Covert; and also to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, in their own Right; and to and for all Persons, whether Tenants for Life or Tenants in Tail, General, or Special; and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, publick Buildings, Houses, or other Buildings, Waste Grounds, void Spaces of Ground, or Other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are by this Act enabled to purchase, for any of the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for the Sale thereof, or any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever of, in, and to the fame, to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and their Successors, or to such Persons and their Heirs, for ever, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall direct, in Trust for them the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, for any of the Purposes of this Act:; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances, which shall be so made, by virtue and in pur-luance of this Act, shall, without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their Laid several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, or other Ccjluique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in cr.le the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, wfith all. convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments {landing settled

therewith.

9°3

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Life cl; and in the mean lime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Maimer hevein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the said Commissioners for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think

App’ication of Con*pen ia’ion Money when If is than zoo/, and above »o/

When left than 2Qh

904 4.40 GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

in case of not LX

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons

TuUsS °Ut to wh°m any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said lrustees; or if Persons or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money cannot be shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or chaie Money Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or ra be psi..i into discovered; then and in every such Case, it shall and may be law-

the Bank, fui tQ ancj por t^e Conuniftioners, or any Seven or more of them,

to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, subject to the or Hereditaments (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, Or^'r of the and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of chancery, on Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim Motion or to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Mouon or Pe-

Pen.ion. tition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceed-

ing, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribudon thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cadders of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any Qu ft ion shall

arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Per-foa who shall be in Poflel-lion of the Land?, etc, at the Time of i’uch Purchase, shall be deemed entitled the eto according to such PosseCm fi on.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Land* or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased wiih such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear^ to the said Court that such Possession was a

wrongful

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. 905

wrongful Possession; and that some oth'etf Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest thfcnein.

tm nit) »|t i' fts o* ' jut.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by rea- The Court son of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor- reasonable poration, entitled "to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased E*penc« of under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame be paid by the shall be Required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Commission-Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like ers‘

Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXX. Provided also and be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Commission-Time or Times appear to the said Commissioners that any Houses, Build- Tbne set*any, ings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, which, by any Houses Means became vested in them for the Purposes of this Act, are no longer nnPionger nc-necessary for those Purposes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said ceflary for the Commissioners at any 'Lime or Times to sell or dispose of such Lands, o

Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons, to and for such Use and Uses as they shall think proper, giving preference to the Person or Persons of whom the fame may have been purchased, and to his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LXXI. And whereas there are certain Streets and other publick Passages and Places, One Side of which lies within the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, (citing otben. Deptford, and the other Side thereof lies within the Parish of Saint PaulL Deptford} and it would be of material Benefit to both the said Parishes if the fame were properly paved, and it is equitable and just that both the said Parishes should contribute thereto in equal Proportions; be it therefore enacted, That whenever the said Commissioners, or apy Seven or more of them, shall have determined that it wall be expedient to pave, amend, or repair any Streets, Passages, and Places so interfefted, and remove Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therefrom, the said Commissioners shall cause Notice of such Determination to be given to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Paul , and it shall then be lawful for the said Commissioners to remove such Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and alfp to contract with the said Churchwardens and Overseers for the paving such Parts of the said Streets, Passages, and Places, as are situate in the said Parish of Saint Paul, upon the Terms and Conditions in such Contraft to be expressed; but if such Contraft; shall not be entered into within Twenty-one Days after such Notice by the Churchwardens and Overseers aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the Whole of such Streets, Passages, and Places to be paved, repaired, and amended.

1 [Lk. & Per.] 10 V and

906 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

and all Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein to be removed; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between the said Commissioners, and the said Churchwardens and Overseers, as to the Extent of Pavement in any of such Streets, Passages, and Places which the said Parish of Saint Paul may be liable to pave; or repair, or relative to the Expence or Execution of all or any of the Works aforesaid, in any of such Streets, Passages, and Places, the same shall be heard and determined by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, (not being Parishioners in either of the said Parishes, or otherwise intereded in the Matter in Dispute,) and who are hereby authorized and empowered to determine the fame: Provided always, that if in either case the Expences of such Works diall not be paid within Twenty-one Days after the same shall be demanded of such Churchwardens and Overseers, then it diall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to make Application to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, assembled at the next or any General Quarter Sedions of the Peace for the said County, who are hereby authorized and required upon Proof of such Notice having been given, and such Works having been performed by the said Commissioners, and that the Expences thereof have not been paid within the Period herein-before limited, to order and direct such Expences to be paid within such reasonable Time not exceeding Fourteen Days as the said Justices shall think proper, together with reasonable Cods of the said Application; and if the same shall not be paid accordingly, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent (not intereded as aforesaid), upon Proof thereof upon Oath, to grant a Warrant for Recovery thereof and such Expences, by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Churchwardens and Overseers, or either of them, and the Overplus (if any), of the Money arising by such Didrefs and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to such Cl urchwardens and Overseers, or either of them (as the Case may be), and the said Churchwardens and Overseers diall be allowed in their Accounts all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be paid by or recovered from them in pursuance of this Act, together with all Sums of Money that they may expend for or by reason or in consequence thereof: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to enable the said Commissioners to demand or recover from the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Paul more than the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds in any One Year, for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Account, to

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That some Time between the Fird Day b"a'i'|l0f r P 7une an(-l the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, a fair and just

invasion. Account shall be made and wrote out of all Monies received and paid by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and how and to whom, and for what Purposes the same shall have been laid out, paid, and expended; and a Copy or Duplicate of such Account, signed by Seven or more of the said Commissioners, shall be deposited with the Clerk to the said Commissioners, who shall permit any Person so rated as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons on his or her Behalf, to inspect the fame at seasonable Times, paying One Shilling for such Inspection, and shall upon Demand forthwith give Copies of the fame, or any Part thereof, to any such Per-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

son, paying at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action or Suit shall be brought by the Order the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk on Behalf of the said Commissioners; and no such Action or Suit shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer or Clerk, or by any Act or Default of such Treasurer or Clerk done or suffered, without the Consent or Direction of the Commissioners for the Time being, but the Treasurer or Clerk to the Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit (as the case may be): Provided always, that all Costs and Expences to be incurred by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them in prosecuting or defending any Action or Suit, touching the Execution of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of the wilful Neglect or Default of such Treasurer or Clerk, or unless it shall have been brought, commenced, or defended, without the Order or Direction of the said Commissioners.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County of Kent, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Con-session of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than Twenty-eight Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom any Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, for any Penalty contained in any Contraft to be entered into as aforesaid, for any Breach or Non-performance thereof, for such Sum of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any of the Forfeitures, incurred under this

907

Act ions may be brought in the Name of the Treasurer or Clerk.

Recovery of Penalties by Ddtrefs and Sale;

or Offenders may be committed.

Commissioners may compound far Penalties.

908

Corm-nissioners empowered to iinke Bye Laws.

not to affett Grand Surrey Canal.

Form of Conviction.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. $3.

this Act, so as the Sums so compounded and agreed for be not less than the Injury or Damage sustained by Breach or Non-performance of any such Contract, and all the Costs and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as the Mitigation of the said Forfeitures as aforesaid do not extend to remit above Half of the said Forfeitures respectively.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at any Meeting, not being less than Ten assembled, shall or may make, ordain, and constitute such and so many Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances, as to them shall seem meet and convenient, for the effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act; and to alter, change, revoke, repeal, or make void the fame, from Time to Time, and as often as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, not being less than Ten assembled as aforesaid, shall judge necessary and convenient; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Five Shillings, for the Non-observance or other Breach of any of such Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances, or any Part of them; and the said Commissioners shall cause the said Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances, to be printed and distributed, and stuck up or placed upon some conspicuous Places in the said Parish; and such Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances so made, printed, distributed, and stuck up, shall be binding upon and observed by all Persons whomsoever, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall a Cl under the fame: Provided that such Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances be not contrary or repugnant to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, cr to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, and shall be subject to Appeal as herein-after mentioned.

LXXVII. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, and Authorities, granted to the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An AcI for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkinson’s Gun Wharf, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rolherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham, in the Parish of Mitcham, in the said County; and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent; or to defeat, alter, or diminish, any Power or Authority given to the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the said Act, nor to authorize or empower the said Commissioners to purchase any of the Lands or Grounds belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, or which has been marked out by them for the Purposes of the said Canal, without their Consent first had and obtained for that Purpose, nor to levy any Rate or Assessment on the Tolls or Rates to be collected on account of the said Canal.

I.XX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence again!! this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction

4-4° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

tion to be drawn in the following Form, or to the like Effect; (that is to say),

Pan‘h °{ s>- Nutihu, DiptfcrJ.i r>E it remembered, That on the . in the County of Kent. ( D ~

Day of

in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty

A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, by virtue of an Act of

‘ Parliament made in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [ set forth the Title of the Ad, ‘ and specify the Offence and the Time and Place when and where the fame ‘ was committed, as the Case shall be~\.

‘ Given under our Hands and Seals [or, my Hand and Seal) the Day ’* and Year aforesaid.’

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the said Commissioners, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, are by this Act authorized or required to examine any Person or Persons on Oath, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and Justice or Justices respectively, to administer such Oath; and that if any Person or Persons shall, upon his or her Examination upon Oath before the said Commissioners, or Justice or Justices respectively, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to: Provided always, that no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act for any Offence against this Act, unless Information shall be given of the Offence within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence shall have been committed.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant of the Parish aforesaid shall be deemed to be an incompetent Witness, by reason of his or her being charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Assessment by virtue of this Act.

LX5fXI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, if he shall think fit, to deduct, allow, and pay any Part of the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which shall be imposed and received of any such Offender, convicted before him of any such Offence as aforesaid, unless herein otherwise directed (not exceeding One Moiety or Half-part thereof), to the Informer or Informers, Witness or Witnesses, against such Offender, in such Shares and Proportions as to such Justice shall seem meet.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Bye Law or any Rate or Assessment which shall be made or be demanded in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the said Commissioners, at their First Meeting which shall be holden after the Expiration of Twenfy-one Days from the Time of demanding such Rate or Assessment j [Z,w. ft? Per-"] to X and

909

Power to ad

ininifter

Oaths.

Provifu for limiting the Time for Information of Offences.

Power for Inhabitants to be VYitneifci.

Power for Justices to make Alloy*-ances to Informers and Witnesses.

Appeal.

9T° +4* GEORGII III. Cap. 53,

and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at such Meeting, are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Person or Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem reasonable; and it any Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners therein, or if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any other Order, Judgement, or Determination of the said Commissioners, or by any Penalty imposed, or by any Conviction made, or by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act (save and except in such Cases where any Order, Judgement, or Determination is herein directed to be final or conclusive, and save and except in such Cases for which any particular Method of Relief is herein appointed), such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden for the W eftern Part of the County of Kent, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, or at any Adjournment of such Session, the Person or Persons appealing first giving, or causing to be given, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners. Fourteen Days Notice, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, and within Fourteen Days next after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some-Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two fuflkient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Session or Adjournment thereof; and the Justices, at the said Session or Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of such Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Colts :lo the Party appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper, and shall and may, at their Discretion, discharge or mitigate all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Party or Parties appealing; and the Determination of the said Justices, in their said General Quartw-Session or Adjournment thereof, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

unlawful"^ LXXMII. And be it further enacted, That where any Tiftrefs shall be

Wantofform. made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassfers, on Account of any Defeat or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassfers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the (pedal Damage, in an Action upon the Cafe.

Pi&intifT not

LXXXIV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover ter'Tende/ot ^P00 any *uch Action for Irregularity, or for any Trespass or other wrongful Amends. Proceeding, unlel's Notice, in Writing, shall be given Fourteen Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause" of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants'before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 53. gn

have been made, it shall'bd lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, In any such Action, by leaves6f- the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Tinie before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall thmk fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Proceeding* Judgement, or other Proceeding, made, touching or concerning any of "{^tdfor the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any wlnt of Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other by Cn-turari. Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Limitations of Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing Actions. done in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice be thereof given to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Kent, and not- elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall or may at his or their Eiedtion plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall be given as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Re- Treble ColU. medy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of Expences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Rates the Act-and Assessments hereby granted, or out of any Money borrowed on the Credit thereof.

[Publick Act.]

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad- judged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahanj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

i iQ Zl SI! 1IO $ O -1D

J ' .; '

«k:.l i J *. .1 * k: V

v w

i . i rafnO r>.

ion ,wip<I jj

MW-ama.

rwnuvaC v* T5f.--. '

j i .' *- . i--

\ f*

I -

il

i jAk in , ’in,:-..ml

1 r- «‘i r ? mi tint! ’ £WVII

r.i '.j'ul. i-: 3 ti; ixor iili.ff

r bji h I i & , t-f; yVi j

1 /OJ

o - ^1*1 rili)0 TO ,)£i jL-tsf

v.xotii.f/5 Hj

" * 1 iJkW

VVf V*

i* i

t )’ .: r- < »o-»

irtifltanfT vli o» f - - i n> not/.)* up?, iti-ji n io ^Viir

r^tA tta *i»a

f.t#! to Ju ‘fid 0 l! hi

»%t.>Uib4ljh. i: 1-i ini. . t'j'v

oitoy 4(»i- y»,-V; hu .1 i / !.<* :’X

3*/<3 )! 'vr.; ‘ ,i. tiff. ' It , j i

-HU. > UigltUiti t* rt H ,birWft*| »ar(t'>0 W»*. it ia.; ,r - rJ

Sh.TL; ,&ia v, - . ,: tyMa*

*"3 >w».i jj. C^iil */.. ! J)o 1 Vs M jit

12*1)0 a: oy.i>4,v «£mi 'CC '£> Jdi&iT A. f'l 4m: ss - uiHftV-*o ->:n

ri&'ftfWo

sjAj*>

\! ' ! 'ai^\-'; .

y. .1 '- I >. ;i .*-.» yrti,:>vb‘jf

jpinLiy.- t WjT'.Jt^Api IU:,|g'I rfdif’uflir

t A Alt AXT® WH.

..ft*.ft- «3.;Korn sd| of iTjarfl . '

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*t

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to make a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellesmere Canal, at and near the Aqueduct at Pontcysylltee, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also to make several Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said Canal

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign Act 33 G.

in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of C.hester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, certain Persons therein named, together with such other Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, as should be nominated and appointed in Manner therein mentioned, were united into One Body Corporate, by the Name and Stile of " The Company of " Proprietors of the EJlefmere Canal," and were authorized and empowered to make, complete, and maintain, a Canal, navigable and passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from and out of the River Severn, within the Liberties of the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, tn unite with the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester; and also to make, complete, and maintain, several Collateral Navigable Cuts to branch from and out of the said Canal, as in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year

I

Cap. 54.

with Water.

[29th June 1 804.3

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury

\JL°c-

10 r

of

1

914 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

36 Geo. III. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal ‘ from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the ‘ River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester; and ‘ also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said in- tended Canal, and for varying and altering certain Parts of the Whit-‘ church Line of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and for extending the fame from Franckton Common to Sherryman’s Bridge, in the Parish of

Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop, and for making and maintaining

several other Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith,' the said Company of Proprietors were authorized to vary and alter the Line of the said Canal and Cuts between Franckton Common and Whitchurch, in the same Act mentioned, and to make, extend, and maintain, several new Branches to communicate therewith; and the Powers given by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were by the said Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, varied, enlarged, and amended, in such Manner as therein men-

36 Geo. III. tioned: And whereas by a certain other Act, made in the said Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and t/mend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for making and maintaining a ‘ Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of

Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of

Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from ‘ the said intended Canal, and for varying and altering certain Parts of the

Course of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts between Ruabon and Chester,

and for extending the fame; and for making and maintaining several other

Branches and Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith,' the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellefmcre Canal were authorized and empowered to vary the Line of the said Canal and Cuts between Ruabon and the City of Che/fer, in the said Act mentioned, and to make, extend, and maintain, several new Branches to communicate therewith; and the Powers given by the said herein-before recited Acts of the Thirty-third and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were, by the said Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, now in recital, extended, varied, enlarged, and amended, in such Manner as

41 Geo. III. therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act made in the Foity-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to, and to communicate with the Chest er Canal, in the Township of Stoke, in the Parish of Aston, in the County of Chester, and for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal, the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellesmere Canal, were authorized and empowered to make and maintain a new Branch from the said Whitchurch Branch of the said Ellesmere Canal, or from the Place where the fame was intended to pass, at or near certain Water Corn Mills, called The New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to, and to communicate with, the said Chester Canal in the Township of Stoke, in the Parish of Aden, in the County of Chester, and the Powers given by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the

, R-e>gn

i

t

h

1

I

i

V

Ik

la,

iff

in-

ks

ni

tk

aJ

lil

riJ

i

'*r

I

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 915

Reign of His present Majesty; and the said Two several Acts of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended to the said additional Branch of the said Canal by the said last-mentioned Act authorized to be made, maintained, and executed: And whereas by 42 Geo. III. an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and main-‘ taining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the ‘ County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the Countj of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral ‘ Cuts from the said intended Canal,’ as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm,

Lime, or Limestone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription, and for further amending the several Acts palfed relative to the making of the said Canal; a certain Clause of Exemption contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby the said Company of Proprietors were restrained from taking Tonnage upon Coals, Coak,

Culm, Lime, or Limestone, conveyed along a certain Part of the said Canal, lying between Pontcyfylltee and the upper End of the Cegedcg Valley, near Brymbo, in the County of Denbigh, was repealed, and the said Company oi Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raise such further Sums of Money by such Ways and Means as therein mentioned; and the Powers and Provisions contained in the said several recited Acts of the Thirty-third, Thirty-sixth, and Forty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were, by the said Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, varied, enlarged, and amended, in such Manner as therein mentioned: And whereas it appears, upon a re-survey of the Country through which the said Company of Proprietors were, by the said several recited Acts, empowered to make and complete the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, that it will be of Advantage that the said Company of Proprietors should be authorized to make such Railway or Road for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandise, as hereinafter mentioned:

And whereas it is necessary for the procuring of a supply of Water for the Purposes of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, that the said Company of Proprietors should also be enabled to make such Waterline or Feeder from the said Canal to the River Dee, as hereinafter mentioned, and to construct such Works, and make such Cuts and Feeders, as hereinafter also mentioned, at or near Bala Pool, otherwise Pimble Merc in the County of Merioneth, for the supplying of the said River Dee with an equal or greater Quantity of Water than strall be taken out of the said River for the Purposes of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts: And whereas such Railway or Road, Waterworks and Feeders, will greatly facilitate the Iniercourse of Trade and Commerce in the several Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, and will be of great public Utility; but the fame cannot be eftefted without the Authority of Parliament: And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company of Proprietors are empowered to take the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Coal, Coak, Culm, Lime, Limestone, and Rock Salt which shall be

016 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Power to make a Railway from Bodylltyn to the Ellesmere Canal at Pentcyfy liter, and other Works.

be conveyed upon any Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts: but such Limestone, when burnt, being very much reduced in Weight, and its Bulk and Value being considerably increased, it is reasonable that tljp said Company of Proprietors should be enabled to take an additional Rate of Tonnage on all burnt* Lime which may be carried along the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any of the Railways or Roads belonging thereto; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Company of Proprietors shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, to make, extend, complete, and maintain, a Railway or Road for the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, from a certain Brook in the Township of Bodylltyn, in the Parish of Ruabon, in the County of Denbigh, to the said Ellesmere Canal, at or near the North-East End of the Aqueduct at Pontcyfylltee, in the Township of Trevor Iffa, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the said County of Denbigh; and also to make, extend, complete, and maintain a Waterline or Feeder, navigable and passable for 3oats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the said Ellesmere Canal, at or near the said North-East End of the said Aqueduct at Pontcyfylltee, in the said Township of Trevor Iffa, to, and to communicate with the River Dee, in the Townships of Llantiflio and Rhyfgog, in the Parish of Llantiflio, in the said County of Denbigh; and there to take a Supply of Water from the said River Dee, for the Purposes of the said Canal, and the Collateral Cuts and Branches thereof; and also to provide and take a sufficient Quantity of Water out of Bala Pool, otherwise Pimble Mere, in the County of Merioneth, for Applying the said River Dee with an equal or greater Quantity of Water than shall have been taken out of the fame River for the Purposes of the said Canal, and the Collateral Cuts and Branches thereof, and for that Purpose to make, extend, complete, and maintain a Cut or Feeder from the said Pool or Mere at or near the East or lower End thereof, in the Parish of Llanuchel and Township of Bala, in the said County of Merioneth, to, and to communicate with the said River Dee, in the Parish and Township of Llanfawr, in the same County, in order to enable the said Company of Proprietors to convey Water occasionally out of the said Pool or Mere into the said River Dee, at a lower Level than that by which the said Water is at present discharged from the said Pool or Mere; and also to make, extend, complete, and maintain, another Cut or Feeder from the River Trewern, in the said Parish and Township of Llanfawr, in the said County of Merioneth, to, and to communicate with the hud River Dee at or in the same Parish and Township, with such Trenches, Buildings, Erections, and Embankments, Works, and Conveniencies as may be requisite for the Use of the said Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Feeders, and under such Provisions, Limitations, and Restrictions, as are herein-after mentioned, contained, or referred to; which said Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Feeders, are intended to be made and pass through the several Parishes, Chapelries, Liberties, Towrfthips, Hamlets, and Places herein-after mentioned (that is to say); the said Parishes of Ruabon, Llangollen, and Llan-iiftlio, and the several Townships of Bodylltyn, Chrifionedd Kenrick, Trevor Iffa, Trevor Ucha, Din-bren, Maes-yr-ucha, Llantiflio, and Rhyfgog, in the said County of Denbigh, and die several Parishes of Llanfawr and Llanuchel>

and

9i7

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 54-

and the several Townships of Llanfavtr and £a/at in the said County of Merioneth.

II. And be it further er.acted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- For supply-

pany of Proprietors of the said Ellesmere Cana!, their Deputies, Agents, ing the Cuts Officers, Workmen, and Servants, and they are hereby authorised and ^n,f|,\v*atcV empowered to make, erect, execute, do, and perform all such Works, anj to take' Matters, and Things, as shall be requisite and convenient for making, com- the tame pleting, and maintaining the said Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Tonnage Feeders, hereby authorised to be made, and the Navigation thereof, and for "

supplying the fame with Water, and shall have, use, exercise, and eujpy the p,t,

like Ways, Passages, Powers, and Authorities, upon and in resptft of the ofthcCanaL Lands through which the same shall respectively be made; and shall and

may ask, demand, take, and recover, to and for the Use and Behoof of the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellesmere Canal, such and the like Tonnage, Rates, and Duties, upon all Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Coal,

Stone, Timber, and other Things, which shall be conveyed upon or through any Part of the said Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Feeders (except as the same are herein-after increased and altered) and subject to such Powers for varying and altering the fame, as in the said. several recited Acts granted and contained, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame Company of Proprietors are authorized and empowered to do, execute, perform, use, ask, demand, take, recover, and enjoy, under and by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, in respect to the Canal and Collateral Cuts, and the several Works thereby respectively authorised to be made; and the said Company, their Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Labourers, and the Cornmifiiioners appointed by virtue of the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, Husbands,

Guardians, Trullees, and Feoffees in Trull for charitable and other Purposes. Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all and every other Trullees, Person and Persons whomsoever, shall have and be seised, possessed of, and is and are hereby invelled with such and the like Estates, Authorities, Powers, Abilities, Imerefls, Privileges, and Advantages, and shall be, and is and are hereby made subject and liable to such and the like Rates, Taxes, Compensations for Tythes, Rules, Conditions, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Comrouls, Payments, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishinents, and Benefit of Appeal, in relation to the making. Ex cution. Completion, and Government of the said Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Feeders, by this Act authorized to be made, completed, and maintained, as are mentioned, given, granted, prescri'otd, eltahlished, and uirested to be inflicted in and by the said Act, made in the 1 hirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by the said Two several Acts of the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and in and by the said Two several Acts of the Forty-first and Forty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to every Intent and Purpose whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors For canting of the Ellesmere Canal, shall cause all the Waste Waters happening on Waite Water the Wirral Branch of the said Ellesmere Canal, to flow from the said ","ch may Canal in such a Direction as that the said Waste Waters may run into

ILoe. V Per.2 to 2 tie. Branch of

91-8

the EUefmere Canal, to flow into the River Dee.

Requiring the EHefmere Canal Company to{up-ply the River Dee with an equal Quantity of Water that shall be taken from fame, by the Means of the said Feeder.

Powers of former A As extended to this Act.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap.'s4-

the said River Dec in the most convenient Place or Places, for the Navigation of i'uch River, and that no Water shall be permitted to flowirom or out of the said EUefmere Canal into the River Mersey, except what may be wanted and used for the Purpose of Navigation upon the said ElleftnCre Canal, and the unavoidable Waste at the Locks at the North End of the Wirral Branch of the said Canal.

IV. And whereas the Company of the Proprietors for preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, may be injured by the said intended Waterline or Feeder: be it therefore further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors of the EUefmere Canal, shall be and are hereby authorised and required to supply the said River Dee, at or near the said City of Chester, in the most proper and convenient Place or Places for the Navigation of that River, with a Quantity of Water, equal it the lead to wh: t shall be taken from the said River Dee by Means of the said intended Waterline or Feeder, and to obtain such Supply from other Streams or Sources than those which already fall into the River Dec, either immediately or through the EUefmere or Chester Canal.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said several recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Authorities, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, ' Restrictions, Prohibitions, Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Pur.ishments, Matters, and Things in the said respective Acts contained, for making, completing, repairing, preserving, and maintaining the Canal and Collateral Cuts, and other Works thereby respectively authorised to be made, shall, so far as the Nature and Circumstances of the Cafe will admit, extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take effect, operate, and be put in Execution, and shall be used and exercised by the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be applied and enforced in, by, and for and in respect of the making, completing, repairing, preserving, maintaining, and using the said Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Feeders, and the several Works, Matters, and Things, by this Act authorised to be made, done, and performed , and for the Punishment of Offences in relation thereto; and for the purchasing, felling, and conveying of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and ascertaining the Value thereof, and for the determining and assessing of Damages, and all other Matters and Things which shall relate to, or happen to arise by or in consequence of the making, completing, repairing, maintaining, and using the said Railway cr Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Feeders, and the other Works hereby authorised to be made, done, and executed, and shall also be used and exercised by the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Mines, and Hereditaments, lying near to the said Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Feeders, hereby authorised to be made; and that the fame Persons who are or have been, or may be appointed Commissioners in relation to the putting the said several recited Acts into Execution, shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and the said several Acts, and the several Powers and Provisions thereof, shall, so far as the Nature and Circumstances of the Cafe will admit, extend, and are hereby extended to, and shall take Effect, operate, and be put in Execution, and be used, exercised, applied, and enforced, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Authorities, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Limitations, Restrictions, Prohibitions,

\z Directions,

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 919

Directions, Exemptions, Indemnities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments,

Matters, and Things, therein respectively contained, were herein repeated and re-enacted, and as if the said Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Feeders, and the other Works by this Act authorised to be made, completed, and maintained, had been Part of the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and other Works by the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, authorised to be made, completed and maintained, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act.

VI. And whereas Surveys have been made to ascertain the Pradicahility Three PUns of making the said Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, Feeders, and Works, hereby authorized to be made, and a Map or Plan, with a proper shall'Ue certi. Book of Reference thereto, hath been made in consequence thereof, in or- f,rd by the der to shew the Line or Course of such intended Railway or Road, Water- Speaker of line Cuts, and Feeders, and the various Difiances from Place to Place, so

far as they affect the Property of each Individual through which they pass, and the Extents and Particulars of the whole; be it therefore further enacted, That there shall he 'Ihree Parts made of the said Map or Plan, and the Book of Reference thereto, which shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons; and One Part of each of the said Plans and Books of Reference, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Denbigh, another with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Merioneth, and apother with the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellesmere Canal; to any of which Maps, Plans, and Books of Reference, all Persons shall have Liberty to,

resort and examine, or make Extrads or Copies therefrom, as Occasion . i

shall require, paying to the said respective Clerks for Copies of or Extrads from the said Book of Reference, after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words; and the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference, so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be and are hereby declared to bfe good Evidence in all Courts of Law, or else where; and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, upon Twenty-one Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall and is hereby required from Time to Time, to produce the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, to be deposited with him as aforesaid, before the ConimiHioners for putting into Execution the said several recited Acts and this Act, or any Jury or Juries to be impanelled by virtue of any of the said Acts, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fame may then and there be given in Evidence, such C.Ierk to the said Company of Proprietors having a reasonable Sum of Money allowed for his Travelling Expences, Absence from Heme, and Attendance on Inch Occasions.

Y1L And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors Not to devi-of the said Ellejn'cre Canal, in making the said Railway or Road, Water- ate from the line. Cuts, and Feeders, hereby authorized to be made, shall not deviate ' ,

more than.One hundred Yards from the Course or Direction delineated in pian-the said Map or Plan respectively, and let forth in the said Book of Reference, without the Approbation or Consent in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons to whom such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, do or shall respectively belong; but nothing herein contained shall extend to re-IIrain or prevent the said Company ot Proprietors from making any Deviation-.

920

Errors in describing the Line not to prevent the making the said Railway,

Increase of the Tonnage upon Burnt Lime,

In case of not making out Titles;

dr if Per Tons cannot be found, Pt:r-chafe Money to be paid into the Bank

subject to the Order of the Court ot Chancery, ori

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

tion from the said Course or Direction of the said Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Feeders, hereby authorized to be made, in case all the Persons to whom the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be cut through or made use of for the Purpose of such Deviation shall belong, shall cou-sent thereto in Manner and Form aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That the said Company of Proprietors of the said Ellejmere Canal, shall and may make the said intended Railway or Road, Waterline, Cuts, and Feeders, hereby authorized to be made, into, through, across, or over the Estates, Lands, or Grounds, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, whose Name or Names shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Coirttnillioners, and be by them, or any Seven or more of them, certified under their Hands, to have been by Mistake omitted in the said Plan or Book of Reference, or any of them, or across any Roads, Brooks, or Rivulets, which shall so appear, and be certified to have been omitted by Mistake in Manner aforesaid; and also where it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and be by them, or any Seven or more of them, certified as aforesaid, that, instead of the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of such Estates, Lands, oi1 Grounds, the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons, to whom such lait mentioned Estates, Lands, and Grounds do not belong, hath or have been inserted by Mistake in such Maps or Plans, and Books Of Reference; any Thing herein or in the said several before recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, to raise and increase the Rate of Tonnage upon all Burnt Lime, which shall be carried or conveyed upon any Part of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or any of the Railways belonging thereto, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to ask, demand, take, recover, and receive, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, the Sum of Three-pence per Ton per Mile, for all such Burnt Lime as shall be so carried or conveyed as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this A.S, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application, of any Person or Persons

making

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court flrall feern meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who flrall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and aTe hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest: therein.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, the Purchase Money whereof shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of ether Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and of making the Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, incident thereto, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences, concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, out of any Money already raised or received, or out of the first Money to be hereafter raised or received, by virtue of the said several herein-before recited Acts or of this Act.

11 A

92 r

Motion or Petition*

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to the Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Possession, unless it be a wrongful Possession.

The Court of Chancery may order reosonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company of Proprietors*.

Expences of obtainingthis Act, how to be paid*

[Lee. V Per.]

XIV. And:

922

[Publick Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

I, A > 5,.»J vl. :8 sno I ;T *11' ' 1 «tU fa

Cap. 55.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Town of Swansea> into the Parish of Oyjlermouth in the County of Glamorgan.

[29th "June 1804..]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Railway or Tram-Road for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages, to communicate with the Swansea Canal near a certain Place called The Brewery Bank, within the Town of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan, to, or near to, a certain Field called Castle Hill, in the Parish of Oy/lermouth in the said County of Glamorgan; and also the making and maintaining of a Branch of such Railway or Tramroad, to communicate therewith, from a certain Place near the Mount in the said Town of Swansea, in the County aforesaid, to, or nearly to, Swansea Pier; and likewise the making and maintaining of another Branch of such Railway or Tramroad, to communicate therewith, from a certain Place near Black Pill, to, or nearly to, a certain Place called Toys, in the Parish of Swansea in the said Counry of Glamorgan, will open a Communication with several extensive Limestone Quarries, Coal Mines, Iron Mines, and other Mines, whereby the Carriage and Conveyance of Limestone, Coal, Iron Ore, and other Minerals and Commodities, will be greatly facili-[_Loc. isf Per.'] 11 B cared.

Company o Proprietors.

Their

Powers.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

rated, and will materially aflilt the Agriculture of the Country though, out the Line and Neighbourhood thereof, and will in other Respect* be of g'eat Publick Utility j buc the fame ca not be effected without the Authority of Parliament: And whereas the several Persons hrrein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own Expence, to mike and maintain the Liu Railway or Tram road, and the Branches thereof, as aforesaid: May it therefore pleat; Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That thfe Most Noble Henry Charles Duke of Beaufort, the Burgrffrs of the Borough of Swansea, Charles Collins, John Charles Collins, John Edmund, Benjamin French, Thomas Hobbes Doctor of Physick, Calvert Richard Jones, Edward King, John Landeg, Roger Londeg, Thomas Lockwood, Thomas Lott, Thomas Morgan, John Morris, John Morris the younger, Thomas Sylvester, William Vaughan, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with such Person and Persons as they shall nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seals, or the said Burgesses under their Common Seal, are and shall be united intb a Company for the better carryi g on, making, completing, and maintaining the said intended Railway or Tramroad, with the Branches thereof as aforesaid, accord ng to the Rules, Orders, and Directons, hereinafter expressed and laid down, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Oyfiermouth Railway cr Tramroad Company, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and also shall and may have Power and Authority, from and after the passing of this Act, to purchase and hold I.ands and Hereditaments to them, their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and the several Works hereby authorized to be made, without incurring any of the Penai ies or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain and also to fell the said Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof again; and the said Company of Proprietors shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered, by thctnlelves, their Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make, complete, and maintain, and from Tirtte to Time so alter, a Railway or Tramroad, passable for Waggons and orher Carriages, to communicate with the Swansea Canal, near certain Place called The Brewery Bank, at Swansea, through the Town and Franch fe of Swansea, and the Parishes of Swansea, and Oy/lermonth in the County of Glamorgan, to end at or near a certain Field called C a file Hill in the said Parish of Oyfiermouth and County of Glamorgan; and ailb to make, complete, and maintain, a Branch of such Railway or Tramroad, to communicate therewith, from a certain Place near the Mount in the said Town of Swansea to or nearly to Swansea Pier; and likewise to make, complete, and maintain, another Branch of such Railway or Tramroad, to communicate therewith, from a certain Place near Black Pill, to, or nearly to, a certain Place called Ynys, in the said Parish of Swansea and County of Glamorgan; and for the Purposes aforesaid the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, are hereby authorized, and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whatl'oever, and to survey and take

Levels

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Levels of the fame, or any Part thereof, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for the making or altering of the said intended Railway or Tramroad, and all such other Works, Matters, and Convenieucies, as they shall think proper and necessary for making, effecting, prefeiving, improving, completing, maintaining, and thing the fame; and alto to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, remove, take, carry away, lay, use, and manufacture, any Earth, Clay, Stone, Soil, Rubbith, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things, which may be dug or got, in making the said Railway or Tramroad, or other Works, or que of the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying convenient thereto, and which may be proper, requisite, or necessary for making, carrying on, continuing, ma'unaining,or repairing the said Railway, or Tramtoad, or other Works, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct the making, using, or completing, extending or maintaining, the fame respectively, (other than and except the Wharfs, Banks, and Premises belonging to the S-juanJ'ea Canal Company,) according to the Intent and Purpose of this ACfj and co make, build, erect, and ltt up, in or upon the said Railway or Tramroad, and upon the Lands adjoining or near the fame respectively, (other than and except as last aforesaid), such and so many Bridges, Piers, Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Wharfs, Quays, Houses, Warehouses, Tollhouses, Watchhouses, Landingplaces, Weigjtbeams, Crane*, Fire Engines, or other Machines, Dry or Wet Docks, or other Works, Ways, Roads, and Conveniences, as and where the said Company shall think necessary and convenient for the Purposes of the said Undertaking; and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend, or difi-continue the fame, and to make, divert, alter, widen, enlarge, and extend, any Ways, Roads, Passages, or other Works or Conveniences, as well for the carrying and conveying of Coals, Stones, Minerals, Goods* Wares, Merchandize, and other Articles, to and from the said Railway or Tramroad, as for the carrying and conveying of all Manner of Materials necessary for the making, ertcting, finishing, altering, repairing, maintaining, amending, widening, or enlarging, the said Railway or Tramroad, and the Works of or belonging to the fame, which may be used for any of the Purposes thereof, and also to place, lay, work, or manufacture, the said Materials on the Ground near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall be or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done , and also to maKe, maintain, repair, and alter, any Fences or Passages, over, under, or through, the said Railway or Tramroad, and also to make, set out, and appoint such Roads and Ways, convenient for haling or drawing of Waggons or other Carriages, passing upon the said Railway or Tramroad, with Men, Horlcs, or other wise, and proper Places for Waggons and other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other, as they the said Company of Proprietors shall think convenient and to construct, erect, and keep in Repair any Piers, Arches, and other Works, in, upon, and across any Rivers or Brooks for the making, effecting, prel'erving, improving, completing, using, maintaining, and repairing, of the said Railway or Tramroad, and other Works; ano to construct, erect, make, and do all other Matters and Things which they shall think convenient or necessary for the making, effecting, extending, preserving, improving, completing, and using, of the said Railway or Tramroad, and other Works, to be made or con-UruCtsd in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning

9^8

Houses, Gardens, etc. not to be injure'*, except such a* are mentioned.

Plan and Book of Reference to be authenticated by the Speaker of the House of Commons, and deposited.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

of this Act, they the said Company, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may he in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making full Satisfaction in Manner hereinafter mentioned to i he Owners or Proprietors of and all Persons interfiled in the Lands, Tenements or Hereditamenrs, respectively, which shall be taken, used, or prejudiced, for all Damages to be by them sustained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted; subject nevertheless to such Provisoes and Restrictions as are herein-after mentioned and contained.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for the Purposes of the said Railway or Tramroad, or any other of the Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building which was erected or built on or before the E'irst Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousar.d eight hundred and four, or any Land or Ground which, on the said First Day of January was set apart and used as or for a Garden, Orchard, Court Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Content of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, other than and except a Dry Dock now or late in the Possession of William Jones Esquire; a Smith’s Forge now or late in the Possession of William Hugh , a Dock now or late in the Possession of Sihanus Paaley; a Slaughter House, vacant; all being the Property of the Corporation of Swansea, jnd situate in the Town of Swansea in the said Councy; a Cottage Garden, the Property of S r Gabriel Powell Knight, now or late in the Possession of John Morris, situate in the Parish of Swansea in the said County; a Cottage Garden now or late in the Possession of Colonel George Wardc, a Cottage Garden now or late in the Possession of John Martin, which last-mentioned Two Gardens are the Property of the said George Warde; a Cottage Garden now or late in the Possession of !Thomas Morgan, a Cottage Garden now or late in the Possession of Robert Faulkener, which Two Gardens last mentioned are the Property of his Grace the Duke of Beaufort-, and the said Four Gardens are situate in the Parish of Oyjlermoulh in the said County; and a Cottage Garden now or late the Property of and in the Possession of John Rosser, situate in the Parish of Swansea aforesaid.

III. And whereas a Survey has been taken to ascertain the Practicability of making the said Railway or Tramroad, and a Map or Plan, with a proper Book of Reference thereto, has been made in consequence thereof, in order to shew the Line or Course thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That there shall be Two Parts made of the said Map or Plan, and a Book of Reference thereto, which shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, and severally deposited, one with die Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Glamorgan, and the other with the Clerk to the said Company, to either of which Map«, Plans, and Books of Reference, all Persons shall have Liberty to resort and to examine, or make Extradis from or Copies of the lame, as Occasion shall require, paying to the said respective

Clerks*

929

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Clerks for Copies of or Extracts from the said Books of Reference, after the Rate of Eight-pence for every One hundred Words; and either of the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference, so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law, or elsewhere; and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, upon Eight Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall and is hereby requited from Time to Time to produce the said Map or Plan, and the Book of Reference, to be so drpofited with him as aforesaid, before the Commissioners to be appointed in Manner herein-afttr mentioned, or any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Piace to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fame may be then and there given in Evidence, such Clerk having a reasonable Sum of Money allowed for his Travelling Expences, Aofence from Home, and Attendance on such Occasions.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company in making the said intended Railway or Tramroad Dial) not deviate more than Ten Yards from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Maps or Plans, and set forth in the said Books of Reference, without the Approbation and Consent in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons to whom any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, do or shall respectively belong, into, through, or over which any Deviation is defirtd to be m de but nothing herein contained shall extend to restrain or prevent the said Company (rom making any such Deviation from the said Couife or Direction of the said Railway or Tramroad, in case all the Persons to whom the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be cut through or made use of for the Purposes of such Deviation shall belong, shall consent thereto.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, in exercise of the Powers aforesaid, any Part of any Carriage or Horse Road, either publick or p:ivate, shall be found necessary to be cut through, taken, or so much injured as to he impassable or inconvenient for 1 ravellers or Carriages, or the Persons entitled to the Use thereof, the said Company or their Successors shall, at their own Expence, before any such Road shall be cut through, taken, or injured, as aforesaid, caul'e a good and sufficient Carriage or Horse Road (as the Case may require) to be set out and made instead thereof, as convenient for Paflengei s and Carriages as the Road so to be cut through, taken, or injured as aforesaid, or as near thereto as may be, and foal! cause the same to be put in good and substantial Order and Condition.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Company shall and may make the said intended Railway or Tramroad into, through, across, or over the Estates, Lands or Grounds, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, into whose Estates, Lands, or Grounds such Deviation as afmesaid shall extend, although their Names are not mentioned in the said Books of Reference, or into, through across, or over, the Estates, Lands, or Grounds of any Person or Persons whole Name or Names shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners hereby appointed, and be by them certified under their Hands to be by Mistake omitted in the said Books of Reference, or that instead thereof the Name or Names of some other Person or Pvifons to whom such

[Lee. Lj Per.] 11 C last-mentioned

Not to dtf-ate without

Consent.

For making Roads in lieu of those injured.

Land Owners omitted in the Books of Re feience not to oh-flrutt making the Kail, ’way,

93°

Ersadtli of Railway.

For prefeiv-ing Communications wiih (he River Taice.

Form of the Railway where it erodes any Road.

Bodies Politick, 8?r. em-powc ed to fell an J convey Lands.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

last-mentioned Estates, Lands, and Grounds, do not belong, have or hath been by Mistake inserted therein 5 any Thing herein contained 10 the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands or Grounds to be taken or used for the making and using of the said Railway or Tram-road shall not exceed Eight Yards in Breadth, and along the Banks of the River Taioe the said Railway or Tramroad shall not exceed Ten Feet in Breadth, except in such Places where it shall be judged necessary for Waggons or other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other, or for raising Embankments for eroding the Vallies, or where any Wave-hous s. Cranes, or Weighbeams may be erected, or where any Wharfs or other P aces may be set out or appropriated for the Reception or Delivery of any Coals, Lime, Limestones, Minerals, Timber, or other Good , Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be conveyed ori the said Railway or Tramroad, and not above Sixty Yards in Breadth, in any Place with >ut the Consent of the Owners of the Lands or Hereditaments acij lining to the said Railway or Tramroad.

VIII. And whereas it is necessary that Conveniences should be preserved for landing and shipping Goods at the legal and other Quays in the Town of Swansea, through which the said intended Railway or Tram-road is intended to pass, and for keeping Communications between the River 1’awe and the Yards and Warehouses between which and the said River the said intended Railway or Tramroad is to pass; be it therefore further en idled. That the said intended Railway or Tramroad shall at all Places be kept at a sufficient Distance from the River Side to admit not only of Ciatjes being placed and worked between the said Railway or Tramroad and the River, but also for making convenient Slips down lo low as to admit of Goods being unloaded from and loaded into all Ships and Vessels, without its being necessary to raile them higher than the Decks of such Ships and Vessels; and that the said intended Railway or Tramroad shall be made along the said Quays in such a way that it may be eroded in any Place with Carts, Waggons, Sledges, and other Carriages, and by Men, Horses, and Cattle; and that it shall be lawful for all Persons carrying any Goods to or from the River, to or from any Wharf or Wharfs, Quay or Quays, Yard or Yards, Warehouse or Warehouses, to cross and pass the l'atd intended Railway or Tramroad, in such Place or Places as shall be most convenient for the Carriage of such Goods.

IX. And be it further enacted, That wherever the said intended Railway or Tramroad shall cross any publick or private Way or Road, the Plates of the said Railway or Tramroad shall be made for the Wheels of the Carriages used thereon to run in a Groove, and from the highest Part of the Plates the Sides each way shall be made aslant in such a way as that Carriages of all Kinds may easily pass over the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall be set out and ascertained for making the said Railway or Tramroad, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for providing and constructing the Wharfs and other Works and Conveniences hereinbefore

931

44° GEORGII III. Cap. s$.

before mentioned, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants in Tail or for Life, Husbands, Guaidtans, Tru flees, and Feoffees in Trust for charitable and other Purposes, Committets, Executors, and Adminif-rrators, and all other Trullees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, pcfleffed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, po(fr(Ted of, or interested in any Lards, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be so set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the said Company' 5 and if it shall happen that by making the said Railway or Tramroad, or by making or constructing of any of the Works hereby authorized to be made, the Property of any Land Owner or Land Owners shall be separated into small Pircels, or so affected as to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, it shall be lawful for such BodiesPolitick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all anil every such other Person or Persons so ehtitlrd or interested as aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, to be testilied by Writing under iheir Hands, although they may not be assembled at any Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of this Act, to contract for, fell, and dispose of, or to convey, in exchange for other Lands, all or any Part of such small Parcels of Land, so separated or affedltd as afire find, to any Person or Pei suns whomsoever, for such Price or Consideration in Money, or other Equivalent, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and ;:ll other Persons whomsoever, so conveying or exchanging as afi.rcfnd, are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do in rela ion to any such Sale or Exchange, which he, (he, they, or any of ih m, shall make by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company, and such of them as shall be made of any Lands, or other Hereditaments, to the said Company, shall be made according to the following Form; (videlicet),

/fi B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

to me paid [cr, in Consideration

of the Annual Rent of to me

‘ to be hr-rcattrr yielded and paid, as may be agreed vpon~\ by The

O'ft rmouih Raihvav or Tramroad Company, do hereby grant and ‘ rebate to the said Company all [deferioing the Premises to be conveyed] ‘ and all my Right, Title, and Interest, to and in the lame, and every ‘ Part thereof, to hold to the said Company and their Successors for ‘ ever by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an ‘ Adf pafitrd for making and maintaining the said Railway or Tram-‘ road. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal,

this Day of in the Year

« of our Lord

Contras and S;»les to be made at the Expenco of the Company.

Form of Conveyance.

Which

932

Form of Conveyance between Land-owneri.

Common or Witte Lands are to be conveyed by the Lords of the Manors.

Respecting Cop) holds.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Which said Conveyances shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company, who shall from Time to Time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, and shall have and receive Eight-pence for every One hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and io in proportion for any le!s Number of Words; and every such Conveyance as aforesaid, which shall be made to any Person or Persons other than the said Company, shall be according to the following Form; ([videlicet),

T jf.fi. of do hereby, by virtue and in pursuance

‘ A of a certain Act, intituled, An Act [_Here insert the Title of this Ad"] and

by and with the Consent and Approbation of or more of the Commissioners appointed under or by virtue of the said Act,

testified by their Signature hereto, and in Cor.sideration of the Sum of to me in Hand, paid by C.D. of

at or before the Sealing and Delivery of these Presents, the Receipt

whereof I do hereby acknowledge [or, in Exchange for certain Lands,

« situate conveyed to me by the said C.D. by

Writing under his Hand and Seal bearing even Date herewith J grant and

release to the said C.D. all [describe the Premises] To hold to the said

C.D. his Heirs and Assigns for ever. As Witness my Hand and Seal, this Day of

And every such Conveyance to be made by virtue of this Act in the Form and Manner aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whasoever; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, in making the said Railway, or Tramroad, or Works, or any Road or Roads thereto respectively, there shall be Occasion to cut through, take, or use any Part of any Commons or Wastes, the Conveyance of such Parts of such Commons or Wastes by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors in which the same are situated, to the said Company of Proprietors, shall be a good and sufficient Conveyance thereof (without the said Commissioners, or other Persons interested therein, joining in such Conveyance); and the said Commissioners shall ascertain what Proportion of the Purchase Money shall be due to the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for his, her, or their Interest in such Commons or Wastes, and such Proportion shall be thereupon paid to him, her, or them, for his, her, or their own Use, and the Remainder of the said Purchase Money shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish in which such Commons or Wastes shall lie, and be applied by them in Aid of the Poors Rates of such Parish; and the Receipts of the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, and of such Overseers respectively, shall be sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharges to the said Company of Proprietors for the same.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, and Exchanges, of or concerning any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall be Copyhold, or of the Nature of Copyhold, shall be executed and completed by Surrender thereof in the Court of the Manor of which the same are holden, according to the Custom of such Manor } and such Lands, Tenements,

or

933

+4'* GiiORGIl 111. Cap. 55.

er other Hereditaments, shall continue subject to the fame Fines, Rents, and Services, as are due and payable, and of Right accustomed in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made, uriless the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor for the Time being shall be desirous of enfranchising the fame, in which Cafe such Lord or Lords,

Lady or Ladies, is and are hereby empowered so to do, notwithstanding he, she, or they shall be.fci.ed of or entitled to the fame Manor for a lets Inttreft than an Estate of Inheritance in Fee-Simple; but inafniuch as the vtfting and continuing of such Copyhold Premises in the said Company of Proprietors, as a Body Corporate, would prevent such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, from receiving such Benefic of Fines, Heriots, and other Services, due upon Death, Descent, or Alienation, in like Manner as he, she, or they would have done in case such Copyhold Premises had continued to be the Property of Persons in their natural Capacities, and in case the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor, shall decline to enfranchise the respective Parcels of Copyhold Land held of the said Manor, which shall be purchased by or vested in the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes aforesaid, he, she, or they shall be entitled to, and shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, a reasonable Recompence and Satisfaction for the Loss that will arise to him, her, or them in respect to such Fines, Heriots, and other Services, the Enjoyment of which will be diminished or loft by the vtfting and continuing of such Copyhold Premises in a Body Corporate; which Recompence and Satisfaction, and also the Apportionment of the Copyhold Rents issuing out of such Copyhold Tenements, cf which a Part only shall be taken for the Use of the said Railway or Tramroad, if not settled by Agreement between the Parties shall be ascertained and settled by the Cdiyimissioners hereby appointed, in such Manner, and subject to such Verdict cf a Jury, if required, as is herein.after directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if in making the said Railway Cnmbfi:my or Tramroad, or any of the said Works, any Pieces or Parcels of Land puTchafe imalt or Ground shall be cut through or divided, so that what shall be left on Slips of Lana each or either Side of the said Railway or Tramroad shall be left than side of the Half an Acre in Quantity, or left than Eighteen Yards in Average Railway. Breadth throughout the whole Length thereof, and if the Owner or Owners of any such Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground shall not have any other Land or Ground adjoining or contiguous to what shall be so left on each or either Side of the said Railway or Tramroad, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall also take and purchase the Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground so to be left on tach or either Side of the said Railway or Tramroad, being left than Half an Acre in Quantity, or left than Eighteen Yards in Average Breadth throughout the whole Length thereof as aforesaid, and shall pay for the fame after the Rate and in the same Manner as they shall pay for the Land or Ground adjoining thereto, which shall be taken and used for making the said Railway or Tramroad; provided the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons, entitled to the Possession or to the Rents and Profits of such small Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground respectively, shall require the said Company of Proprietors to take and purchase tile fame, but not otherwise.

ILcc. & Per.-]

it D

934 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

emTiverrf to And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

irfSi Lands, laid Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture which may under their Common Seal absolutely to grant and convey, such Part or not ewanre . par[s Qf Lan(jSj Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands, Grounds, and other Hereditaments, as and for a Way or Ways, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages; and that all such Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors shall be valid and efftctual, any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstandingt and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be so fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be expressed to be received; and no such Person shall be answerable for any Lodes, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Parc thereof: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom the same shall have been purchased; and in case such Person or Perfom shall not then or thereupon agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, flating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused, by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so made, shall be in all Courts whatsoever sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused, by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

Sati,faflion

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every lobe made. j30tjy or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees and other Persons herein-before capacitated to fell or convey Lands and other Hereditaments, and any other Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments, through, in, or upon which the said Quays, Railway, or Tramroad, or other Works hereby authorized and inttnded to be made, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by making or completing the said Works herein-before directed, either in gross Sums, or by Annual Rents, except in Cases of Spiritual Persons, to whom all such Compensations for Glebes and Tythes are herein-after directed to be made by Annual Rent, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties if Parties can- interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Company; and in case P°iceSto be Company and the said Parties interested in such Lands and Grounds,

or

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 935

or other Hereditaments, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of ^;tlt^:rby such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Com- {ionen, or a millioners hereby appointed, in such Manner, and subject to such Ver- Jury. dict of a Jury, if required, as is herein-after directed; and all such Yearly Rents Yearly Rents or Sums as shall be agreed on between the said Company and the said Parties intcreded in such Lands and Grounds or other Hereditaments, or as shall be so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall be charged on the Rates arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid by the said Company, either Yearly or Half-yearly, as the lame shall be agreed or ordered to become due and payable; and in case the same shall not be paid within Thirty Days next after the same shall so become due and payable, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, although not assembled at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby required by an Order under their Hands to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Rates hereby granted and made payable, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons to whom such Rents or Sums shall be due and unpaid as aforesaid, the said Commissioners taking such Security from every such Collector for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they shall judge proper and sufficient; and every Person so appointed shall be deemed a Collector of the said Rates, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting the fame, and shall receive and retain thereout a reasonable Satisfaction for h?s Trouble therein, in like Manner as if he had been appointed a Collector of the said Rates by the said Company of Proprietors, until such Rents or Sums, with all Cods and Damages occadoned by the Nonpayment thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid; or it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees or other Person or Persons to whom such Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, tofueforand recover the fame with Cods of Suit, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or otherwise to seize and didrain any Waggons, Carriages, or other Goods or Effects of the said Company, which shall be found upon the said Railway or Tram-road, or in or upon the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, or other Works thereto belonging (Information of such Didrefs being immediately given to the said Company, by Notice in Writing delivered to some or one of their Cletks or Collectors of the Rates, or affixed to some of their Premises near to the Place where such Didrefs was made), and to detain the fame until Payment of such Rents or Sums then due and owing, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Didrefs; and if such Didrefs shall not be redeemed within Seven Days next after making the same, and Notice thereof given in Writing as aforesaid, then such Waggons, Carriages, or other Goods or EffeCls so didrained, shall and may be fold and disposed of in such Manner as the Law directs, in case of a Didrefs for Rent.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee ^fication.r or Trudee, or Lessee, be seised of or entitled unto a Freehold or Copyhold Edate, dtuate within the County of Glamorgan, of the dear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, over and above all Rents, Annuities, Incumbrances, and Kepnzes, shall be and are hereby appointed Com-iraflioners for settling, determining, and adjusting, all Matters, Questions,

and

936

Commissioners not to ait where inle-rdted, anil to take an Oath.

Oath of Commissioners.

Penalty on

CommifEon-ers not being qualified.

Commissioners may art as Justices of the Peace; but not while they hold any Place of Proht under the Art.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

and Differences, which shall or may arise between the said Company and the several Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall or may be taken, used, affected, or prejudiced, by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby grante , and every Person so qualified shall be and is hereby appointed a Commissioner for all other the Purposes of this Act, for which Commissioners are hereby appointed; but no Person shall act or be qualified to act as a Commissioner for the Execution of the Powers hereby given to such Commissioners, during the Time of his holding any Place of Profit arising out of the Rates to be collected by virtue of this Act, or of his being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, or concerned or interested in any Contraft or Bargain to be made for the Purposes of this Act, or in any case where he shall be any way interested or concerned in the Matter in question, or (except in giving Notice of the First Meeting of the said Commissioners, and administering the Oath hereinafter mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath to the Efttft following, before any Three or more of the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same; {videlicet),

I A.B. do swear. That I will truly and impartially, according to the

Evidence which shall be laid before me, and to the best of my Skill

and Knowledge, execute and perform the Powers and Authorities ‘ vested in me as a Commissioner by an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [Here ‘ insert the Title of this AU\ and that I am qualified to act as a Commis-

fioner according to the Directions of the said Act.

So help me GOD.’

And if any Person shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, not being qualified as herein-before mentioned, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and such Person so sued shall prove that he is qualified as above, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any of the said Commissioners who are or shall be Justices of the Peace for the said County, shall and may, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act , but that no Person who shall have or accept any Place of Profit arising out of the Rates to be raised by virtue of this Act, or shall be a Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or shall be concerned or interested in any Contraft or Bargain made or to be made for or on Account of the said Undertaking, shall be capable of acting as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter respecting the fame, so long as he shall hold or be interested in such Place of Profit, Share or Shares, Contraft or Bargain, as aforesaid.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 937

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall hold their First Meeting for the Purposes of this Act at such Time and minioners!11* Place as they shall be thereunto required by the First General Assembly of the said Company (to be held as herein-after appointed) by publick Advertisement as herein-after mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, at such their First Meeting, to appoint out of Three Persons, to be nominated by the said Company, such One or more of them ias the said Commissioner shall think proper to be their Clerk or Clerks; and the said Commissioners shall have Power, from Time to Time, at any of their subsequenc Meetings, to remove any such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint another or others in his or their Stead out of Three Persons to be nominated by the said Company; and every such Clerk or Clerks shall be paid for his or their Care and Trouble in the Execution of his or their Office, by the said Company; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, as well at their First as at every subsequent Meeting, shall be regularly entered in a B jok to be kept for that Purpose, and to be provided f om Time to Time by the said Company; and such Entries being signed by such Number of Commissioners respectively as are empowered by this Act to make such Orders, or carry on such Proceedings, or by their Clerk or Clerks by the Orders and Directions of such Number of Commissioners as aforesaid, who shall be assembled at any such Meeting or Meetings, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity; but no such First or other Meeting whatsoever of the said Commissioners, except such adjourned Meetings as herein-after mentioned, shall at any Time be had for putting into Execution any of the Powers or Authorities, vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice at lead of every such intended Meeting shall be given in l'ome Newspaper usually circulating in the County in which such Meeting shall be proposed to be held; and every Meeting of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act shall be held publickly; and no Order, Direction, or Determination of the said Commissioners, or any of them, touching any of the Matrers and Tilings herein contained (except in such Cases as are hereby otherwise directed) shall be valid and effectual, unless the same shall be made or done at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to or vested in the said Commissioners (except such as may be executed without their being assembled at any Meeting or Meeting,) shall or may from Time t > Time be exercised by the Majority of the Commissioners present at every such Meecing, the whole Number present at any such Meeting not being less than Seven.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That upon any Application to be made in Writing by or on Behalf of the said Company, or any Three M%Ti^s,'on or more of them, or by any Owner or Occupier of any Lands or Here- Application vf d taments to be taken for or affeftd by making of the said Railway or o^oSer rer^’ Tramroad, or any of the Work? relating thereto, or upon any such Ap- fans, plication by or on the B.half of any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Person or Persons interest'd in any Matter to be determined by the said Commissioners, to any Five or more of the said Commissioners,(although the; (hdl not then be assembled together at a Meeting for the Purposes of this Act), requesting or desiring them to appoint a Special [Lw. if Per. J 11E Meeting

938 44° GEORG 11 '111. Cap.

Meeting of the said C >mmissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Com* nnflioners so requdted or applied to, and they are hereby authorized and required, within Fouueen Days next after such Request or Application xnadr, to give publick Notice in Manner aforesaid of such Meeting, to be held at such Time a id Place as they shall think proper, such Time not being 1c s than Eight nor more than Fourteen Days from the Day on which such Rrqucftor Application shall be made to them as aforesaid and the said Commissi tiers are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, n' twuhstanding any previous or intervening Adjournment ot their Meetings, to assemble at the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put into Execution the Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in them respecting any Matter for which such Special Meeting shall be requited; and in case the Business to be transacted at any General or Special Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall not be concluded and fimshed on or within the Day appointed for such Meeting, or if a sufficient Number of Commissioners shall not attend for that Purpose, then and in such Case any One or more of the Commissioners who may be then present shall adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place, or Times and Places, as such One Commissioner, or the major Fart of such Commissioners, if there be more than One present at any such Meeting or Meetings, shall think proper and convenient, but no such Adjournment shall be made fra longer Time than Two Calendar Months; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting to be held under the Powers of this Act, any Commissioner or Commissioners to adjourn^ or if they shall omit to make an Adjournment, then and in such Case and as often as the same shall so happen, any Clerk to the said Commissioners shall and may, by publick Notice to be given in Manner aforesaid, appoint the Commissioners to meet at the House or Place where the last Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held, within Twenty-one Days next after the Day on which such former Meeting was to have been held, or any Five or more of the said Commissioners may at any Time or Times revive or continue the Meetings of the saki Commissioners, by calling another Meeting to beheld at such Time or Times as arty such Commissioners shall appoint, and at any Place or Places within One Mile of the said Railway or Tramroad, publick Notice being given in Manner aforesaid by the fame Commissioners, of all such. Revivals and Continuations of the said Meetings: Provided always, that every Special Meeting of the Commissioners to be held upon such Request or Application as aforesaid, for hearing or determining any particular Complaint, Controversy, Dispute, or Difference, between the said Company and any other Person or Persons, shall be held at some Place within Three Miles of the Place where such Complaint or Dispute shall arise.

Meetings for

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be and they are hereby authorized and required, at any of their Meetings, to be h id to examine Witnesses upon Oath, to be administered by them, touching Milet'of{he* any Matter which may, in pursuance of this Act, be submitced to the Place where Coniidei ation of the said Commissioners; and they are hereby empowered or'tSinp^aint an^ enabled, by Writing under their Hands, to determine and adjust Shall ante. from Time to Time what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Company (either in Gross or by an annual Rent or Payment) for the

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 939

the absolute Purchase of or as a Recompence for the Use of the Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be so set out and aflertamed as aforesaid, for making the said Railway or Trarr.road, or for any o her the Purposes of this Act; and also to adjust and determine the Compensation to be made b) the said Company for any Damages wh'ch may or shall be at any Time or Times hereafter sustained by any Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons respectively, being Owners of or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or other Hereditaments for or by reason of the feveiing or dividing th fame, or by reason of the making, using, repairing, or mai t.lining, the said Railway or Tramroad, and the Roads, Ways, or other \Vorks or Conveniencies belonging thereto, or by Reason or M ans of the Execution of any other of the Powers hereby given to the said Company of Proprietors.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said ifpart;«ara Company, or their General Committee for the Time being, or any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or TrufLes, oi "rmimtinn' other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, shall be dissatisfied with any such Judgement or Determination, and shall give v*i,'e to be Nonce thereof in Writing to any Five or more of the said Commis- nfcertained sioners, within Twenty-one Days next after the same shall have been be*Jur>‘* made, or shall refuse or neglect to submit any such Matter to the D t r-mination of the said Commissioners, or if any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Person", shall refuse to receive, upon due Tender thereof made, such purchase Money, or the First Payment of such annual Rent, or such Recbmper.ee as shall be so determined to be paid, or shall, upon Notice in’ Writing given to the principal Officer of any such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers* of any Lands or other Hereditaments, to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of Twenfy-one Days next after such Notice, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agee with the said Company, or by reason of AbLnceor otherwise shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment can-11 it treat for themselves, or make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necefl.try for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not, within the before-mentioned Space of Twenty-one Days, produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the Premises which they are or shall be in Possession of, and to the Interest which they claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and are hereby empowered and required to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals to the Sheriff of the said County of Glamorgan; and in case such- Sheriff or his Under-Sheriff shall be one of the said Company, or enjoy any Office of Profit er Trust under them, or shall be other wile interested in the Matter in question, then to any one of the Coroners of the said County, or to the Coroner of the Liberty of Gower, who shall not be so interested as aforesaid; and in case all the said Coroners of the said County and Liberty shall be so interested, then to th: last Person who filled the Office of Sherifffof such County then in being, and who shall not be interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person,

94«>

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

I*erson, to impannel, summon, and return a Jury; and the said Sheriff Coroner, or other Person, is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twelve sufficient and indifferent Men, qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to be returnid for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Eight nor more than Fourteen Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to atrend that Service (being so qualified as aforesaid) to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve; and every such Jury and Jurymen shall be liable and lubj'-dt to the fame Regulations, and to ihe lame P«ins and Penalties for Default, as if he and they had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required, by Summons or Notice to be signed by Three or more of the said Commissioners, either previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meetings, to summon and Call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary, to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching the Matters in question, either by or before them the said Commissioners, or by or before any Jury or Juries as aforesaid, as the Case may be, and to hear and examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the said Commissioners may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Ma teis in question, which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) shall esquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money or Annual Rent to be paid lor the Purchase of such Lands, or other Hereditaments, or the Recompence ot be made for the Damages that shall or may besustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame, and the said Commissioners shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies, Rents, or Recompence, so to be assessed by such Jury; which said Verdict and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes a^ainst all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Ferlons, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or other Process, into any of Kis Majesty's Courts of Record at H’rejh>,inster, or any other Court; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

rme u on

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff, or other Person Sheriffs*. so directed to summon and return a Jury as aiortsaid, or his Deputy or Suitn£ De* Agent, shall make Default in the Prtmifes, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully negkdt his Duty, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing

shall

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 94$

shall refute to be sworn or examined, or to give Evidence, every Per fen so,offend:og, having no teasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by D-iftrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering the Overplus, after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distrtfs and Sale shall be deducted; and every such Penalty which shall be paid by or recovered from any Person who shall have been summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall appear to the said Commissioners to have been injured by the Default of such Person , and that all and every Person and Persons who in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act shall wilfully give false Evidence before the said Commissioners, or before any such Jury as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wiltul and corrupt Perjury by the Laws and Statutes of this Realrp*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whensoever a Jury is or shall Expence«of be called by thp Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Witness or Witnesss Com^flton-is, are, or shall be examined by and before the said Commissioners alone, (ft’ ane) jury, or by and before the said Commissioners and Jury jointly, as herein- by whom to before directed, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby bepil* required, accorcjing to their Discretion, to give and award to each of the f,iid Jurors and Witnesses, in every such Case, such several and respective Sum and Sums of Money as shall be a reasonable Recompence for the Expenc?s and Trouble of their Journey and Attendances and in each and every Cafe where a Verdict shall be given for more Money, or for a greater Annual Rent as a Recompence or Sacisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or as a Compensation for any Damages done or to be done to such Lands or other Hereditaments or Property than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, before the Meeting of the said Commissioners, or than had been by them determined and assessed as aforesaid; or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages, where the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof, by and on Behalf of the said Company; or where, by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or any other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contraft with, and make Conveyances to, and receive Compensations from the said Company as herein before mentioned, then and in all such Cases all the Expences of calling such Commissioners, summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled by the said Commissioners, and be defrayed by the said Company s but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum or Rent that has been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, or had been so determined or assessed by the said Commissioners, or for a less Sum than had been so previously offered, determined, or assessed, or in case no Damages shall be given by the Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, or in case of

[Lie. ft? Per.'] 11 F fuc

942 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

such Refusal to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, oe receive Compensations from the said Company, by any Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act, or otherwise, legally capacitated to treat and convey, or receive such Compensations as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases (except whe>e, by Reason of Absence or otherwise, any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid) the Colts and Expences of calling a Meeting of fuc Commissioners, summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled in like Manner by the said Commissioners, and be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors shall have such Concerns, Controversies, or Disputes \ which said Colts and Expences, having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so alfclfed and adjudged, where the same shall exceed such Colts and Expences, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender ofrhe whole Sum or Sums so alfclfed and adjudged, or-otherwise such C'Its and Expences, in case the same shall not be paid on Demand, after b ing so afeenained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in and by such Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

p-rfo n rc-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons <jueitingju- making Complaint, and requesting such Jury to be summoned, shall ----- o (before the said Commissioners shall issue out their Warrant for that prosecute. Purpose) enter into a Bond with sufficient Sureties to the Treasurer to the said Company, in a Penalty of One hundred Pounds, with Condition to prosecute his, her, or their said Complaint, and to bear and pay the Colls and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, in case the same shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum or Rent than had been offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, or than had been alfelfed by the Commissioners before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries, for the Purchase of or as a Recompence for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Damages; or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages, where the whole Dispute was, whether any Damage was or was not done as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not, nor shall any of them be obliged or allowed by virtue of this Act, to receive Or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Injury or Damage by him or them fullained, or supposed to be fullained, by virtue or in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, unless Application shall have been made in Writing in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons to the said Company, or to their Clerk, Fourteen Days at the lealt before such Complaint shall be made to the said Commissioners, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been fullained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

Notice of Injury to be given to Proprietor before Complaint to the Commission* erf.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 943

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence and Satlrfafli,j.ta Satisfaction shall be made by the said Company for all the Tyrhec, both Tythei.*0* Great and Small, which would have been issuing from or out of any of the Lands which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company for the PiKposes and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the respective Persons entitled or who would have been entitled to such Tythes in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of, according to their respective Interests therein, such Tythes to be estimated at the Average Value of Four Years, commencing at Michaelmas Day One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, such Average Value to be ascertained (in case of any Difference concerning the same) in like Manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein-before directed to be ascertained: Provided always, that the Recompence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act, lor all Glebe Lands and Tythes belonging to Spiritual Persons shall be made to such Persons by an Annual Rent.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Verdi<lto Juries respectively shall award all Determinations, Judgements, and Ver- LMd«°and dists, which they shall respectively make and give in the Execution of Damages t® the Ptwers hereby verted in them, concerning the Value of Lands *?e afertame* and other Hereditaments, separately and distinctly from the Consideration Cl>ara y' of any other Damages sustained, or to be sustained, by any Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value set upon the Lands and other Hereditaments and the Money aforesaid, or adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, separately and aparc from each other.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender Pow»rto«nt» of such Sum or Sums of Money, or giving such Security as the said fel^o^of P°f" Commissioners shall approve for Payment of any such Annual Rent Lands, He. on as shall have been conttafted or agreed for between the Parties, or ad- render^Mf justed and determined by the said Commissioners, or a defied by such Juries Purchase Mo-in Manner respectively as aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands, ney>

Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or as a Recompence for the Yearly Pro.

duce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages, as herein-before mentioned, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and Premises, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Money, Rent, or Compensation respectively at any Time after the same shall have been actually so agreed for, determined, or assessed, or if the Person or Persons so entitled or interested, or any of them, shall not be able to make a good Title thereto, to the Satisfaction of the said Company, or cannot be found, or shall refuse to receive the same or execute such Conveyance, then upon the Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, in case the same shall be requisite a- herein-after mentioned, for the Use of such Person or Persons so intcreftfed nr entitled as aforesaid; and in all or any of the said Cife, as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Company, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Grounds, and other Hereditaments respectively (or before such Payment or Tender or Security given by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon such Lands and Grounds, and o'her Hereditaments, together with the Yearly

Profits

I

944

Money allowed for stc.

purchased to he paid into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General.

Estatea purchased to veil absolutely in the Company.

44° GEORGII lift. Cap. 55.

Profits- thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trull, and Interest, of any Person or Persons therein, shall from’ thenceforth be veiled in and become the sole Property of the said Company, to and for the Purposes of this Adk forever; and such Tender, Payment, Investment, or Deposit, or giving of Inch Security for the same as aforesaid, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife, of every such Person, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Reversion or Remainder, of his, her, or their Issue, and of every other Person whomsoever therein: Provided nevertheless, that before such Payment, Security, Tender, In-vefttnent, or Deposit as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security fof the Purpose of making the ('aid Railway or Tramroad, without the Leave and Consent of such Person or Persons respectively.

1\*B irmnoilii . tJ fqUyngno

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded as a for-Lid, shall hot be ablfc to make a good Title to the Premises to the Saiisiactioa of the said Commissioners, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Comm'ffioners to order the said Sum or Sums of Money a(fe(Ted and awarded for any Purchase Money, or in Recompence for any Damage as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, [describing sub-

jed to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, upon the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribucion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cafhitr or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for the fame, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That immediately after paying such Purchase Money into the Bank as aforesaid, the said Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall have been so paid, shall vest in the said Company in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents

ant)

945

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55*

and Purposes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Title.', In ter efts. Claims, and Demands whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Determinations of Verdifbtobe the said Commissioners v.hich shall be submitted to and acquiesced in recorded*

by the Parcies concerned, and also the said Judgements and Verd lifts, shall be transmitted to and be kepe by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Glamorgan, and shall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Put poles *, and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, paying for such Inspection the Sum of Two Shillings, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Eight-pence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers hereof, for the Purposes whee'amount! hereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, 1MS 10 Lunatick, or any other Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte The Qyflermouth Railway or Tramroad Company, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as Three of the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Proft s of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, abetting the lame Lands or Hereditaments, or affetling other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect , and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Cerium Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court ro be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends end Annual Produce of the la d Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would fur the Time ILoc. y Per.2 i1 G being

946

Application where th?

Compenfarion is less than oo/ anti exceed* so/.

Application where the Money is left than »o/.

Where any Qyeition shall arile touching the Titleto the Money to he paid, the Person who shall be in Poflcssion of the Lands, fife, shall be deemed entitled thereto ac-co. ding to fuefc Post'ef-(ion.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guaidims, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to bfc paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments according to such PoffdTron, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Coure of Chauceiy; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also tiic Capital of such

Bank

947

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, the Purchase Money whereof shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Proportions, as they shall think proper, a competent Sum of Money for making and completing the said Railway or Tramroad, and the Ways, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works and Conveniencies, belonging or requisite thereto, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds (except as herein-after mentioned) and that the same shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and that such Shares shall be numbered in regular Progression, and every such Share shall always be distinguished by the Number to be applied to the fame; and that no Person subscribing thereto or becoming a Proprietor in such Undertaking, do become a Proprietor of less than One Share or mote than Ten Shares, either in his own Name or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons, in Trust for him or her (unless the same shall come to him or her by Will, Bequest, Descent, Right of Administrarion, or Marriage) upon pain of forfeiting to the said Company all such Shares exceeding Ten Shares; and that the said Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons so railing and contributing the fame, and their, several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raile and contribute; and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, and other the Purposes of the said Subscription, shall be entitled to and receive, after the said Undertaking shall be completed, the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportionable Part according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received, by the said Company by the Authority of this Act, and every Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, Person and Petlons, having such Prope ty n the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable

Sum

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchasei to be paid by the Company.

Proprietor! to raise Money amongh themselves for making the Railway and other Works.

948 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Sum towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein directed and appointed j and all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politick, Coporate, or Collegiate, and all other Person or Persons of and in the said Undertaking, or the joint Stock or Fund of the said Company. shall be deemed Personal Estate and transmillible as luck, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

Subscribers to

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body and for'rv!rVone Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and other Person or Persons hundred "* who (bail by virtue of this Act have subscribed for or shall become en-I*ound». titled to anti be in the actual Possession of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, hi?, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be deemed a Proprietor for every such Share, and shall have a Vote for and in respect of every such Share, but not exceeding Ten Votes in the Whole, although possessed of more then Ten Shares, in the dated and Special General Assemblies to be held as herein appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking, which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, or by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, condituted under the Seal of such Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or the Hand of such other Person, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted in Person j and every Question, Matter, or Thing, which shall be proposed, difeuffed, or considered in any dated or Special General Assembly of the said Company, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, computing One Vote to every Share } provided nevertheless, that no Person shall vote for more than Ten Shares as aforesaid as Principal, nor more than Ten Shares as Proxy , the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following:

Form of :i A.B. of One of the Pro-

Proxy. prietors of The Oyjlermouth Railway or Tramroad, do hereby nominate, ‘ conditute, and appoint C.D. of

‘ to be my Proxy in my Name, and in my Absence to vote or give my

A flent or Dissent to any Business, Matter, or Thing, relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any Assembly of the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in such Manner

as he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and

‘ Judgement, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand ‘ this Day of

And that every Election of Committees and Officers, Questions, Matters, and Things, whatsoever, which shall be proposed, difculled, or considered in any General or Special Assembly of the said Company to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, computing One Vote to every Share as aforesaidj and that at every such Assembly One of the Proprietors present shall be appointed Chairman, who shall not only be entitled to vote as a Proprietor ‘or Proxy, but in case of an Equality of Votes shall have the decisive and cading Vote.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.sS-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-before authorized to be raised shall be found inefficient for the making, completing, and maintaining, of the said Railway or Tramroad, and other the Works hereby authorized to be made, and defraying all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or to raise by the Admission of New Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Four thousand Pounds; and every Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person being a Subscriber towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by themselves, himself, or herself, or their, his, or her Proxies or Pioxy, in respect of every One hundred Pounds of the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land interested in all the Profits and Powers of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum that they, he, or ffie, shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised, had originally been Part of the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds.

XL. Provided always, That in case the said Company, or the Committee to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be desirous of raising the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said Company, or the said Committee, to borrow and take up at Interest, all or any Parc of the la d Sum of Four thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Undertaking, and to assign the Property of the said Undertaking, and the Rates arising or to arue by virtue of this Act or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of aligning the same to be paid out of such Rates) as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance the lame; all which said Alignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

dY virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign ‘ of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [Here insert the Title

of this Aif\ We the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking,

incorporated by and under the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of to us in Hand paid by A.B. of

‘ Do hereby bargain, fell, and assign unto the said A.B. his Exeeu-

tors, Administrators, and Aligns, the said Undertaking, and all and ‘ singular the Rates arising and payable to us, by virtue of the said Act,

and all our Efiare, Right, Title, and Interest, of, in, and to the fame,

to hold unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Aligns,

until the said Sum of with Interest for the fame, after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal this

Day of

And 3II and every Person or Persons to whom such Alignments shall be made, shall be equally entitled one with the other, to his, her, or their [Lk. £s? Per.] 11H Proportion

949

Proprietors may raise an additional Sura among them lei vs if nee; Gary.

Power to raise Money by Mortgage.

Form of Transfer.

95°

Form of

Mortgage

Assignees not to vote*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55:

Proportion of the said Rates and Premises, according to the respe&vc Sums in such Assignments mentioned, to be advanced without any Preference, by reaion of Priority of any such Assignments, or on any other Account; and a Memorial of every such Assignment, containing the Date, Name or Names, Addition or Additions, of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and the Rate of Interest, shall, within Thirty Days from the Date of every such Assignment, be entered in One or more Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, which Book or Books shall and may be perused at all seasonable Times, by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking, and ary other Person or Persons intefefted therein, without Fee or Reward i and the Person or Persons ro whom any such Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or Intcrelt therein to any Person or Persons by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, in the Form or to the Effect following:

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

paid by C.D. of Do hereby

transfer a certain Mortgage made by The Oyjlermouth Railway or

Tramroad Company, to bearing Date

the Day of for securing the Sum

‘ of and all Interest now due and to become

‘ due thereon, and all my Right and Propercy therein, to the said C.D. 1 Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated,

, this Day of

And every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk of the said Company, who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof in like Manner as of the original Mortgages or Assignment, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and it shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made such Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage, or any Money thereby fecuied, or any Part thereof j and the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed or rafted by Mortgage as aforesaid shall be provided for and paid Half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, before any yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the said Company, or any of them, shall be paid, made, or divided: Provided always, that no Person to whom any such Assignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be capable of acting or voting by virtue of such Assignment either as Principal or by Proxy at any Assembly or Meeting of the said Company, for or on Account of his or her having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of any such Assignment.

General Xtl» And be it further enacted, 7 hat the Fitft General Assembly of

Assembiiej. the said Company for putting this Act into Execution, shall be held at the Bush Inn, in the Town of Swartfea, upon the Fourth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and four, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at the Hour of Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and all future General Assemblies of the said Company,

except

95*

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

except such General Assemblies as herdn-after mentioned, shall be held on the First WcdneWay in the Month of July in every Year, at the Hour of Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, at such Place or Places as the said Company at their preceding General Assemblies shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, of which future General Assemblies Fifteen Days previous Notice at the least shall be given, by publick Advertisement infome Newspaper usually circulating in the said County of Glamorgan, or in such other Manntr as the said Company at their respective General Assemblies shall diredi; and the said Company at such respective General Assemblies shall choose and elect, out of such of the said Proprietors as at the Time of such Election shall respectively be possessed of Stock to the Amount of Three Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, a Committee* of Five or more Persons, qualified as aforesaid, to manage the Affairs of the said Company as herein directed, and the said Company shall have Power and Authority at any such General Assembly to remove and displace any Person or Persons who shall have been chosen a Member or Members of such Committee, or any Officer or Officers under them, and to choose and elect others in Cases of Death or other Vacancy, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change any of the Rules and Directions which may have been prescribed or hid down by virtue of this Act, with regard to their Proceedings amongst themselves as they shall think proper (the Method of calling General or Special Assemblies, and their Time and Place of Meeting, and voting and appointing Committees, only excepted) j and shall have Power and Authority to make such new Rules, Bye laws, and Orders, for the good Government of the said Company, and the said Committee, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and for the whole complete and total Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, and also for and concerning all such Goods, Wares, and Commodities, as shall be conveyed thereon, and also for the well governing of all Persons who shall be employed in the conveying of any Goods, Wares, and Commodities, and other Articles and Things, upon any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad j and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the said Bye-laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and to impol'c and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against the fame, as to the major Part of such General Assembly shall Item meet, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for any one Offence j which said Rules, Bye-laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing, under the Common Seal of the Company, and printed, shall be binding upon and observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the lame, provided that they be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them; and every such General Assembly shall have Power to call for, audit, and settle, all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed, on Account of the said Undertaking, by the Treasurers, Receivers, or CofleSors of the Rates and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them in and about the said Undertaking, and the Works thereto belonging, but no Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be given or have any Power in or as to the auditing and Settlement of Accounts j and the said Company shall have Power to aojourn themselves from Time to Time to such Place or Places as shall at any such General Assemblies be thought proper and convenient.

952

General Af-iemblies for choosing Committees to COIlfi(t of Fort) Shares

Assembly of Proprietor* maybe specially convened.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if at any such (fated General Assembly there shall not be Persons present who shall be possessed of or entitled unto at lead Forty Shares in the said Undertaking, either as Principals or Proxies, no Choice of any Commitee, nor any Removal of any Person or Persons from any such Committee, nor any Election of any Person or Persons in the Room of such of the Members of any stich Committee who shall die or decline to act, shall be made at that Time, but in such Case there shall be another Assembly of the said Company, at the same Place, upon that Day Fortnight, and so from Time to Time until there shall be Persons present at such Assembly having such Number of Shares as aforesaid, and such Choice, Removal, or new Appointment of any Member of any such Committee shall then take place, and not before j and such Committee so before appointed shall continue to act and have the fame Powers as they had and were pofftfied of until a new Committee shall be appointed as aforesaid j and the Persons chosen as before mentioned to be of any such Committee shall have the fame Powers which they would have had, and shall continue in such Offices until such Time as they would have done, had they been chosen by any such Rated General Assembly on the Day fitft appointed for holding the fame; and in case of Failure of the aflfembling of a sufficient Number of Proprietors having such Shares, as Principals or Proxies, at such dated General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such Second or adjourned Assembly, in Person or by Proxy, shall forfeit to the said Company of Proprietors, for every Share which he or she shall possess in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Five Pounds, to be deducted out of his or her next succeeding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking, as the Case may happen; and in case no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Six Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then the Payment of the said Forfeiture of Five Pounds may be recovered and enforced by the Ways and Means herein-after appointed for the Recovery of any other of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a Special General Assembly of the said Company is necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Proprietors, who may each of them be possessed of or entitled unto Three Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking, to cause Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead to be given thereof in some Newspaper usually circulating in the County of Glamorgan, or in such other Manner as the said Company shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint, specifying in such Notices the Reason and Intention of requeding such Special Assembly, and the Time when and the Place where the same shall be held, which Place shall be within One Mile of the said Railway or Tramroad, and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and such of them as shall be present shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company with respect to the Matters so specified only i and all such Acts of the Proprietors or the major Part of them met together at every such Special General Assembly (provided such major Part shall be possessfed of at lead Forty Shares in the said Undertaking, either as Principals or Proxies) shall be as valid, with respect to the Matters specified

io

44° GEORGII in Cap. si. 95S

in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at any (fated General Assembly.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said rG^"'raJ0^r" Company at any General Assembly, and they are hereby authorized pe0Tnt OAi^eri. and required, from Time to Time to nominace and appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and One or more CoHedor or Collectors of the said Rates, and also One or more Clerk or Clerks to the said Company, and also to such Committee and such other Officers as they shall think proper, and shall-take sufficient Security from every such Treasurer or Treasurers,

Collector or Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officers, having the Care or Custody of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Company shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officers, or any of them; and such Clerk or Clerks shall attend the General Affemolies of the said Company and the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided by the said Company for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions, of the said Company 3nd Committee respectively; and every Proprietor of the said Undertaking shall and may at all convenient Times have reeourse to and perule and inspect the fame, and also the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners £r<z///, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or of any Part thereof, paying for every One hundred Words so to be copied the Sum of Eight-pence; and if any such Clerk or Clerks to the said Company and Committee, or to the Commissioners, shall refuse to permit any Proprietor or Proprietors to inspect or peruse any such Book or Books of Proceedings at all convenient Times and Seasons, or refuse to make any ;such Copy or Copies in a reasonable Time, at the Rate or Price aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for the Benefit of the said Undertaking; and in case any such Treasurer,

Collector, or Clerk, shall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Company of Proprietors, it shall be lawful for the said Company, at their said stated or Special General Assemblies, or for the Committee of the said Company ot Proprietors, to appoint any other fit Person or Persons to execute such Office or Offices, in the Place of such Person or Persons who shall so die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Company, or of the said Committee; but in calc any such new Appointment be made by the said Committee, the same shall only continue until the next stated or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, when the Appointment of such Person or Persons to such respective Office or Offices shall either be confirmed, or such other fit Person or P<-rlons appointed to fucecd to such Office or Offices, as the said Company of Pro-pietors at such stated or Special General Assembly shall think proper.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Com- Powen of the mittee (although he may be a Proprietor of many Shares in the said fn^Reguta!’ Undertaking) shall have more than One Vote in any Committee, except tions. the Chairman, who, in case of an equal Division, shall always have a ILtc. £sf Per.] i1 I Second

954

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 5$;

Second or calling Vote, although he may have given One Vote before $ and every such Committee shall from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to the said hated General Assemblies, and, if required, to the said Special General Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall obey their Orders and Directions, but no Person holding any Place, Office, or Employment, under the said Company, shall be capable of being chosen to lerve on any such Committee, during the Time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, or Employment; and, in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings, the said Committee shall from Time to Time receive, out of the Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed, adjusted, and settled, at such hated General Assemblies; and the said Committee (subject nevertheless at all Times to such Orders and Directions as aforesaid) shall, by themselves or their Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, keep a full and true Account of all Monies disbursed and Payments made by the said Committee, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on Behalf or in respect of such Undertaking from any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, employed in or having any Concerns, Dealings, or Transactions, with the said Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof; and shall regularly, by themselves or their Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, write, insert, and enter in a Book or Books to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the said Company for that Purpose, Notes, Minutes, or Copies (as the Case shall require) of every such Contrail, Bargain, Receipt, and Disbursement, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books shall be deposited with and kept locked up under the Care and Direction of the said Committee (provided always, that every Proprietor upon every reasonable Desire, shall have free Access thereto as herein-before mentioned, for his or her Inspection); and the said Committee shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the fame, as they from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Share or Interest which any Person or Persons Ihill or may be possessed of or entitled unto in the said Undertaking, and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Thirty Days, at least from each other, and Twenty-one Days Notice at the least shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid by Advertisement in some Newspaper or Newspapes usually circulating in the said County of Glamorgan; and such Committee shal), until the next General Assembly to be holden in Manner as aforesaid, meet at such Times and at such Places, and from Time to Time adjourn themselves to such other Time and Place as they shall think fit; and at all Meetings of the said Committee one of the Members present shall be appointed Chairman, and all Questions, Matters, and Things, which shall be propoftd, difeufied, or considered at such Meetings, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes then present, the whole Number present not being in any Case less than Five; and such Committee shall (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions of such General Assemblies as aforesaid) have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company, as well in contrasting

955

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

tracing for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments and Materials, for the Use of the said Undertaking, as in employing, ordering, and directing the Works and Workmen, and in placing and displacing Under Officers, Clerks, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and in making all Contracts and Bargains touching the said Undertaking; and every Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct and if any Person or Persons shall negleff or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place so to be sppointedas aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager, or Protection of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refule to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by such Committee, or within Fourteen Days next ensuing, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds for every Share; and in case such Person or Pmfons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Calls as aforesaid for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, at the Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, then, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall foifeic his, her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefit thereof; all which Shares i'o forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in Trull for and for the Benefit of all the Rest of the said Proprietors in proportion to their several Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall, at the Discretion of the said dated or Special General Assemblies, be publickly fold for the Use of and divided between the Rest of the said Proprietors whose Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless that no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, until personal Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Company, shall have been given to or Notice left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively; and the fame Share or Shares shall likewise be declared, to be forfeited at some dated or Special General Assembly of the said Company within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in any Action to be brought by Proceeding* the said Company against any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in Qa^,clion> for the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company, for or by reaLn of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare an 1 allege that the Defendant or Defendants, being a Prop ietor or Proprietors of such or lo many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount unto for such or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or so

many

95& 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 5$.

many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without felting forth the special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action it shall only be necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants at the Time of making such Call or Calls, was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in fast made, and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by this Act, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls, or any other Matter whatsoever, and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Five Pounds for every Sum of One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Diltance of One Calendar Month from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgement shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be (fayed by real'on of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizances, to be acknowledged in the Court in which Judgement shall be given, in Double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgement, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effect, and also if the said Judgement be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-prosed, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Cuffs adjudged by the said Judgement, and all Coifs and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

On the Death

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners of

of h"y sUf ^y Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall happen to die before

Shirecnm-1"* such Call or Calls shall have been made for the fuft Sum to be advanced pleted.Exe- on any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall have been possessed cutor. may 0y or entitled to, without having made Provision, by Will or otherwise, how or in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and

how or by what Means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid

to the said Company for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case the Executors or Administratois of any such Owner so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatick or Lunaticks, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such deceased Owner, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners shall not have left Affcts sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls, the said Company shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, on Condition that he, (lie, or they so admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who may be entitled

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55, 957

entitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum or Sums of ? icy which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, her,c heir Lifetime, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or othrrwife upon such Share or Shares, or other Sums of Money, as the fame can be sold for and in case no Person or Persons can be found who is cr ere willing to be ndmitied on such Conditions as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the Rest of >he Liu Company, in Trult for, and for the equal Benefit ot all the Rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Inreiefts in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the share*maybe several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form, or to the Effect following:

I A.B. in Consideration of paid Form of Con--

A to me by C.D. of Do hereby bargain, fell, assign, of

and transfer to the said C.D. the Sum of

Capital Stock of and in the Undertaking called The Oyjlcrmouth

Railway or Tramroad, to hold unto the said C. D.

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to the same Rules,

Orders, and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that I held the

‘ fame immediately before the Execution hereof: And I the said C.D. do ‘ hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital Stock or Share of 1 subject to the same Rules, Orders, Re-

c ftridions, and Conditions. As witness our Hands and Seals, the

« Day of

And on every such Sale the said Deed or Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers cf such Share or Shares) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company shall have entered in a proper Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Five Shillings shall be paid for each Share so transferred, and the said Clerk c. Clerks is or are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered, as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him* her, or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof as a Propirttor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That after any such Call of such AfteraCall no Money shall have been made by such Committee as aforesaid, no Person uitiUuch or Persons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they Cali shall be shall poliefs in the said Undertaking, on pain of forfeiting his, her, or their P*"1 respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company, in Trust for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, she, or they, at the Time of ' ’ [Lit. fc? Per.2 11 K such

95*

Xegulaoensa* to thf Acquisition of Shares j

by Marriago, etc.

Mamet of Pro*

piictursto be entered, and Ticket* of their Shires to e delivered to them.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

such Sale or Transfer, shall have paid or discharged to the Treafutier of the said Company the whole and end e Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture neverthe-hfs to be notified and declared at a General Assembly in Manner before dirt&ed.

L. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the frequent Change of the K:ght and Title to the Shares of and in the said Undertaking, by the Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and it may be difficult in such Cases to afeenain to whom the Dividend arising or becoming due upon such S lares ought to be paid, and do belong; be it therefore further enacted, That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking in Right of Marriage shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Registeruf such Marriage, or the Eff.61 of such Register, shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person before one of the Judges at Westminster, or before either of His Majesty's Justices of the Courts of Great Session for the said County of Glamorgan,* Master or Masters Extiaordinary in Chancery, or any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and the said Judges, Justices, Master or Masters Extrordinary in Chancery, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorized and empowered to iwear any such Person to such Affidavit, and fuih Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company for the Time being; who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Book* which shall be kept by the said Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sale of Shares in the said Undertaking; and that before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking by virtue of any Bequest, or Will, or in a Course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will or the Probate Copy thereof, or such Letters of Administracion shall be produced and shewn to the Law Clerk of the said Company, or an Affidavit containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Administration in case the Proprietor shall have died inteftatr, shall be made and sworn to by the Executor or Executors of such Will, or by the Administrator or Administrator* of the Estate and EffVdls of the Proprietor dying intestate (as the Case may happen to be) before one of the Judges at Westminster, one of His Majesty's Justices of the Courts of Great Session for the said County of Glamorgan, a Master or Masters Extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and shall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Cle.ks, who shall file and enter the fame, in Manner herein-before mentioned.

LT. And, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking to their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and are hereby required, at their First or some subsequent General AfTi mbly, to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall then be entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, or the Amount of all the Subscriptions which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distindtly entered in a Book to be kept by the CUrk to the said Company, and after such Entry to caulc their Common Seal to be affixed

thereto'}

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 959

thereto; and shall also causea Tukrt or Inst ment, with the Common Seal of the said Company ffixed thereto, to bi deliveicd to evc;y such Subscriber upon Demanu, Ipecirying the Shan or Shares to which he, the.

Or they is or ate entitled in the la:d Undertaking, every such Pit pnetor paying to the Clerk Five Shillings, and no inure, for every such I cket or Inllroment i and such Ticket or Listrument fli II he admitted in all Courts wiiatevtr, as Evidence of the Title of l'u< it Subscrififr,' his or hrr Executors, Adminiliraton, and Ash^ns, to the Share r Shates therein fpcc fied; but the Want otlmh 1 ickec or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shatts from felling or ciipofing thereof.

LII. And, in Consideration of the great Charge and Expenre which p'v"*r^,ake the said Company robft incut and Lftain in makt g and niaintaunng the ’ '

faitl Railway or 'Tramroad, and other Wo ks htfreny authorized to be made and maintained; be it further enacted, Th*t it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time and at all Time< heteatter, to ask, demand, tak^, recover, and receive, to and so' the Ul anu Benefit of the said Company, the fevt-ral Rates h rein-after me tioned, for the Tonnage and Wharfage of all Coals, Limcftone, Timber, Merchandize, and other Goods, Matters, and Things whatfuevur, which shall be carried or conveyed upon any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad; (that is to

ky)»

For all Iron, Goods, Waxs, Merchandize, and other Things, which Rates,

shall be carried or conveyed upon the said intended Railway or Tramroad (except Pig-iron, Iron-caitmgs cal in dlron Ore, Ironstone, Iro Oie, Rot-tenllone. Charcoal, Coal, Culm, Stonett al.Coaks, Cinder*, Tin ber. Stones,

Tiles, Bricks, Clay, Lnneflonr, Lime, hand, and all Kinds of Manure) any Sum not exceeding Four-pence per Ton per Mile , and lo in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or greater or leis Distance than a Mile:

And for all Iron-caftings which shall be carried or conveyed upon the said intended Railway or Tramroad, any Sum not exceeding Three-pence per Ton per Mile and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Distance than a Mile:

And for all Pig-Iron which shall be carried or conveyed upon the said intended Railway or Tramroad, any Sum not exceeding Two pence Halfpenny per Ton per Mile; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Distance than a Mile:

And for all Ironstone, calcined Iron Ore, Iron Ore, |Rottetiftone, Coals, Culm, Stonecoal, Coaks, Cinders, Charcoal, Timber, Stones, Tiles, Bricks, and Clay, which shall be carried or conveyed upon the said intended Railway or Tramroad, any Sum not exceeding One P nr,y Halfpenny per Ton per Mile-, and so in proportion for any greater or leis Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Distance than a Mile:

And far all Limestone, Lime, Sand, and ail Kinds of Manure, which shall be canied or conveyed upon the said intended Railway or Tramroad, any Sum nottxceeding OneP nny per Ton per Mile; and loin proportion for any greater or leis Quantity than a Ton, or greater or less Distance than a Mile;

Which said respeiflive Rates shall be equal throughout the whole Length of the said intended Railway or Tramroad , and shall be paid to such

Person

960

Full Tonnage to paid for a Quarter of a Jwiie.

Company empowered to lease the Rates, fcV.

Owner* of Waggons, etc to give an Account of thei Lading,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Person or Persons, at such Place or Places at or near the fame, in such Manner and under such Regulations, as the Paid Company at any General Assembly or Assemblies shall direct or appoint; and in case of Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such Rates, or, any Part thereof, on Demand to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company may sue for and recover the fame by Action of Debr, or upon the Cale, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or the Person or Persons to whom such Rates ought to have been paid, may and he or they is and are hereby empoweied to seize the Goods, or other Things, for or in respect whereof any such Rates ought to have been paid, or any Part thereof, and the Waggon or other Carriage, laden therewith, and detain the fame until such Payment shall be made, and also until Payment of all Arrears of the said Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage to the said Company, together with reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention; and if such Goods shall not be redeemed within Seven Days next after the taking thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold as the Law directs in Cases of Distrel's for Rent; and the ("aid Company shall have full Power, from Time to Time, at any General Assembly, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates, and again to raise the same as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Rates herein-before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interests of the said Undertaking.

LIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Weight of Lading in any Waggon or other Carriage, so to be carried or conveyed on the said Railway or Tramroad, shall not make up an even Hundred Weight, yet One full Hundred Weight shall be paid for to the said Company of Proprietors.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and empoweied at any of their Hated or Special General Assemblies, by Wiitbg under thfcir Common Seal, at any Time or Times to let to farm the Rates hereby made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Railway or Tramroad, unto any Person or Persons, for any Time or Term they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year from the Commencement of any Lease; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual; and the Lefiee or Lessees thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lefiee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates so let, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease be deemed Colli £lors of the Rates so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the same as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Company; provided publick Notice o( the Intention to let the said Rates, or any Part thereof, be given by the Committee, or any Three or more of them, or their Clerk, by Advertisements published and continued in such Newspaper as aforesaid, at least Twenty-one Days ptior to any such General Assembly, at which the said Rates, or any Part thtreof, are proposed to be let as aforesaid.

LV. And, for the better ascertaining and more easy and effectual collecting of the said Rates hereby directed to be paid to the said Company of r Proprietors, be it further enacted, That the Owner or other Person having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said

Railway

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 961

Railway or Tramroad, or upon any Put or Parts thereof respectively, shall give to the Collectors of the said Rates, or to any other Officers to be appointed for such Purpose by the said Company, at the Place or Places where he or they shall attend lur that Purpose, a just Account in Writing, fiqned by him or them, of the Quantities, Qualities, and Weighc of the Goods and other Things which shall be put in or upon each such Waggon, or other Carriage, from whence brought, ant! where the fame is intended to be discharged; and if the Goods or other Things contained in any such Waggon or other Carriage shall be liable to the Payment of different Rates, then such Owner or other Person or Persons shall specify the Quantities liable to the Payment of each of the said Rates; and in case he or they shall neglect or refuse to give and deliver such an Account to the Officer demanding the fame, or shall, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or any Part of them, give a falle Account, or shall deliver out any Part of such Lading or Goods at any other Place or Places than what is or are mentioned in such Account, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Ton of Goods or other Things, and so in p oportion for any lei's Quantity than a Ton, which shall be in or be conveyed by such Waggon or other Carriage respectively, of which or of whose Lading such Account shall be refused or such falle Account given, or whose Lading shall be delivered out as aforesaid (as the Case shall happen to be) over and above the aforesaid respective Rates which shall be payable for the same.

LVI. And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Stone, Timber, whatQu’n-and other Goods, to be charged with the Payment of such Rales as afore- Vhali bi oeem* laid, and the Contents and Burthen of the Waggons and other Carriages, ed a Ton. carrying and conveying such Stone, 'l imber, and other Goods, Matters, and Things on the said Railway or Tratnroad, be it further enacted and declared, That One hundred and twelve Pounds Weight avoirdupois of Coal, Coak, Culm, Lime, Freeftone, Li restone, Timber, and all other Commodities, shall for the Purposes of ihis Act be deemed, rated, or estimated, as and for One hundred Weight, and Twenty hundred Weight of all Commodities whatsoever shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed One Ton, any Usage of rating or estimating the same to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and if any Difference shall arise In case of between any Collector of the said Rates and the Owner or other Person hav- Dlff«i'ence

1 r _ r concerning

ing the Care or Charge of any Waggon or other Carriage, or tr.e Owner of the Weight any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things loaded therein, concern- lle^";rh ing the Weight or Quantity of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other them?6'2 Mattersor Things therein contained, it shall be lawful for any such Collectors flop and detain any such Waggon or other Carriage, and to weigh, measure, or gauge, or cause to be weighed, measured, or gauged, such Waggon or other Carriage, and all such Timber, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or other Matters or Things as shall be therein contained; and in cale the fame shall, upon such weighing, measuring, and gauging, appear to be of greater Measure, Weight, or Quantity, than the Account given thereof by such Owner or other Person, then the fame Owner or other Person giving such Account shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging, all which Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied in the same Manner as the said Rates are hereby appointed to be recovered fLee. & Per.j 11 L and

962

Power to fix; the Price of small Parcels.

Railway to he free upon Payment of Rates u nder certain Re* itrietions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

and levied; but if such Timber, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or such other Matters and Things, shall appear to be of the fame or less Weight or Quantity than the Account given thereof by the said Owner or other Person, then the said Colk&or shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging, and shall also pay to such Owner or other Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things, such Damages, as shall appear to the said Commissioners, upon the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them are hereby empowered and required to administer) to have arisen from such Detention; and in Default of the immediate Payment thereof, the same shall be recovered from the said Company by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or in such other Manner as any of the Penalties or Forfeitures hereby imposed upon the said Company, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, may be recovered and levied by virtue of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time at any General Assembly (with the Consent of the major Part of the said Commissioners present at any General Meeting of the said Commissioners) to ascertain and fix the Price or Sum or Sums of Money, to be charged or taken for the Carriage of any Parcel (not exceeding Five hundred Pounds Weight) upon the said Railway or Tramroad, or upon any Part thereof; and the said Company shall from Time to Time cause to be piinted and affixed upon every publick Wharf on the said Railway or Tramroad, in some conspicuous Place, a List or Account, ascertaining and particularizing the Price or Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged or taken for the Carriage of such Parcels as aforesaid; and in case any Owner or other Person having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said Railway or Tramroad, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, after such Lift or Account so ascertaining and particularizing the Price or Sum or Sums of Money at which every such Parcel shall be so carried and conveyed, shall be so fixed up as aforesaid, shall demand or take for the Carriage of any such Parcel as aforesaid more than the Price or Sum or Sums of Money in such Lift or Account ascertained and particularized for that Purpose, such Owner or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the P/lagistrate before whom such Person shall be convicted.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all PeVfons whomsoever shall have free Liberty to use, with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, the Roads, Ways, and Passages for the Purpose of conveying any Timber, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Things, to or from the said Railway or Tramroad, and every Part thereof, and also to pals upon and use the said Railway or Tramroad with Waggons and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, and to employ the said Wharfs and Quays for loading and unloading such Merchandize, Timber, and other Goods and Things, upon Payment of such Rates as shall be demanded by the said Company, not exceeding the respective Sums herein mentioned, and (ubje<3: to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company by virtue of the Powers herein granted; provided the said Waggons or other Carriages shall not, without the Consent of the lard Company or their General Committee, pass upon the said Railway or

Tramroad

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 963

Tramroad at any other Times than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Five in the Evening, during the Months of November,

December, January, and February; between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Eisht in the Evening, during the Months of March, April,

September, and October; and between the Hours of Four in the Morning and Ten in the Evening, during the Months of May, June, July, and August, in every Year.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever No Waggon, shall pass upon any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad with any eft

Waggon or other Carriage whatsoever, unless the same shall be constructed conttrufted as agreeably to the Orders and Regulations of the said Company, which ^'company Orders and Regulations shall be affixed upon a conspicuous Part of every Tolthouse erected on such Railway or Tramroad, for the collecting of the Rates by this Act imposed (except in crossing the fame for the convenient Occupation of the adjacent Grounds, or in passing any publick or private Carriage Road which may happen tocross the said Railway or Tramroad)*; and if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall pass upon any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad, with any Waggon or other Carriage not Constructed in the Manner herein-before directed (except as aforesaid) he, she, or they, so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, at their Forfencingoff own Costs (within Six Calendar Months after any Part of the said Rail-way or Tramroad shall be dug or laid out and formed) divide and separate, from adjoin, and keep constantly divided and separated, the said Railway or Tramroad, inS Lands.<w. or such Part or Parts thereof respectively as shall be declared necessary by the said Commissioners, in case there shall be any Doubt or Dispute about the fame, front the adjoining Lands or Grounds, by Polls,

Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks, or other Fences sufficienc to keep off Sheep and other Cattle, the same to be set out and made on the Lands or Grounds which shall be purchased by, conveyed to, or vested in the Lid Company as aforesaid; and the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their own proper Costs and Charges, from Time to Time maintain and support the said Posts, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Trenches, Banks, and other Fences, so set up and made as aforesaid; and also shall, at their own like Costs and Charges, make, erect, and let up, and from Time to Tune maintain and support, such and so many convenient Gates and Stiles, in, over, and through all the Hedges and Fences to be by them so made on the Side of such Railway or Tramroad as aforesaid, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall at any of their publick Meetings from Time to Time judge necessary and appoint in case there shall be any Dispute about the fame, for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds or Hereditaments adjoining to such Railway or Tramroad, and other Works, or any of them respectively; and in case the said Company or their Agents shall refuse or neglect to divide and separate, and to keep divided and separated, the said Railway or Tramroad, in Manner herein-before directed, or to make, ere£l, and set up such Gates, Fences, and Stiles, in, over, and through the Fences on the Sides of the said Railway or Tramroad as hertin-before directed for the Use and Convenience of the respective Owners

964

Lord 8 of Maoors and Land Owners may erect Wharfs, etc.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

or Occupiers of the Lands or Hereditaments adjoining or near to the fame, or to maintain and supprt fich Gates, Stiles, and Fences, when erected, set up, and made, of such Dimensions, and in such Manner as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time to be appointed for those Purposes by the said Commissioners, or after No'ice shall be given by or on Behalf of the Owners or Occupiers of any fmh Lands or other Hereditaments, who may be aggrieved by any such Refusal or Neglect, then and m every such Case it shall be lawful fur every or any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, who shall find hun-self, herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Refusal or Neglect, to make, erect, and set up all such Fences, Gates, Stiles, and other Conveniencies, as the said Commissioners shall have before directed or appointed to be made, erected, and set up by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and to maintain, repair, and supporc the fame from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so that in making and maintaining such Works as aforesaid the said Railway or Tramroad shall not be flopped or injured for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner than shall be necessary for the doing thereof; and all the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof (to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners) shall be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said adjacent Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, who shall have so erected and made, repaired or maintained such Works as aforesaid, by the Lid Company, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Account and Demand in Writing shall have been delivered and made thereof to and from the said Company, of any of their Clerks for the Time being; and in Default of Payment of the said Costs and Charges within the Time aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company which shall be found-in or upon the said Railway or Tramroad, or the Wharfs, Quays, or Warehouses adjoining or near to the fame, belonging to the said Company, to be applied to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall have so incurred such Costs and Charges as aforesaid, rendering to the said Company, or to some of their known Agents or Colltftors, the Overplus ( f any) after deducing the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to be settled by the said Commissioners*, and every or any of the said Owners or Occupiers, upon Refusal or Neglect of the said Company to pay the said Costs and Charges as aforesaid, shall and may also have such and the like Remedy against the said Company for the Recovery thereof by Action at Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as in other Cases is in and by this Act directed.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors, and the Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds near to, through, or by which the said Railway or Tramroad shall be made by virtue of this Act, may build, conllruft, or use any Wharfs, Quays, Landingplaces, Cranes, Weighbeams, or Warc-houses, in or upon his, her, or their respective own proper Lands, Grounds, or Wastes adjoining to the said Railway or Tramroad, with neerflary Ways and Roads to the fame, and may carry and convey theieto 01 therefrom, and land any Goods or Merchandize, Coal, Lime, or other Things,

, upon

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55. 964

upon such Wharfs, Quays, or LandingpJaces, or upon the Banks lying between the fame and the said Railway or Tramrcad , and may make and use proper and convenient Places for Waggons and other Carriages to lie and turn in and pass by each other, so thac the making, constructing, or using thereof respectively do not obstruct or prejudice the using of the said Railway or Tramroad.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Lord or if not done by Lady of a Manor,- or Land Owner, shall not, within the Space of Six ora^t°i"n.lc^, Calendar Months next after Notice given in Wriring to him, her, or them, certain Time, or left at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, by or on Behalf ^raopj3',^ljrs of the Lid Company, signifying that any Part or Parts of such Lands, wharfs, &v. Grounds, or Wades, is or are necedaty or proper to be used for the Purpose of making and erecting Wharfs, Landingplaces, Warehouses,

Buildings, or other Conveniencies as aforesaid, for the Use of the said Undertaking, or for laying out and making necessary and convenient Roads for the Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Railway or Tramroad, to or from such Wharfs, Landingplaces, Warehouses, Buildings, or other Conveniencies as aforesaid, lay out, construct, and make, and from Time to Time maintain and keep in good and substantial Repair, such proper and sufficient Wharfs, Landingplaces, Quays, Warehouses,

Buildings, Roads, and other Conveniencies as aforesaid, for the Use of the said Undertaking, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, on the respective Parts of the Lands, Grounds, or Wades, described in such Notice, then and in such Case the said Company shall have full Power and Authority, without any Hinderance or Redraint whatsoever, to make use of any such Lands, Grounds, or Wades, (not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building (lands, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park,

Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House,) for erecting and con* drufting proper and sufficient Wharfs, Landingplaces, Warehouses,

Buildings, and other Conveniencies as aforesaid, and for laying out and making necessary and convenient Roads to or from the said Railway or Tramroad, to or from such Wharfs, Landingplaces, Warehouses,

Buildings, or other Conveniencies as aforesaid, agreeably to such Notice to be delivered as aforesaid, th;y the said Company of Proprietors first: making Satisfaction for the fame in such Manner as is and hath been herein-before directed with respect to other Lands or Grounds which shall be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Coals, Stone, Timber, or Further Al-any odicr Matters or Things whatsoever, which shall be carried and con- Jhe^ompiny veyed on the said Railway or Tramroad, shall lie or remain upon any for Good* re-Whats or Wharfs, Quay or Quays, belonging to the said Company, or to any other Person or Person'., adjoining to the said Railway or Tram- certain Time, road, for above the Space of Forty-eight Hours, then and in such Case the said Company, or such other Person or Pei suns shall be entitled to receive such rejlonable Rates or Allowances, over and above the Rates herein-before authorized to be taken, as shall be agreed upon between the said Company, or their Agent or Agents, or such other Person or Persons, and the Owner or Owners of such Coals, Stone, Timber, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things; and in case of any Dil'pute concerning the lame, it shall be ascertained and atljufted by the said Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Regulations from [L#g y Per.] 11 M Time

966

1

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 5$.

Time to Time as they may think fit, for limiting and ascertaininu the Ratts of Wharfage to be taken by the said Company, and all and every such other Person or Persons, being the Owners of any such Wharfs or Quays as aforesaid.

Company not

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein wiurf*nVate contalncc* ft13*! authorize or empower the said Company, or any other Person or Persons, to make use of any Wharf, Quay, Landingplace, Crane, Weighbeam, or Warehouse, which shall be set out, erected, or made by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor, or the Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds adjoining or near to the said Railway or Tramroad, for his, her, or their private exclusive Use only, nor to set up, erect, repair, or use any Crane, or Weighing Machine, in or upon any such Wharf, Quay, or Landingplace, without the Consent of the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Owners to

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Owners of fiameson any Waggon or other Carriage passing along the said Railway or Tram-the Outside of road, shall cause his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places Waggons, etc. Qf Abode, and the Number of his, her, or their Waggon or other Carriage, to be entered with the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company, and shall also cause such Name and Number to be painted in large White Capital Letters and Figures, on a Black Ground, Three Inches high at the least, and of a proportionable Breadth, on some conspicuous Part of the Outside of every such Waggon or other Carriage; and shall permit and suffer every such Waggon or other Carriage to be gauged, weighed, or measured, at the Expence of the said Company, whenever it shall be required by them or any Person or Persons by them appointed for that Purpose \ and every Owner of any Waggon or other Carriage, which shall pals upon the said Railway or Tramroad without having such Names and Figures thereon respectively as are herein before directed, or who shall alter, erase, deface, or destroy such Names and Figures, or any Part thereof, or shall fix thereon any false Names or Figures, or who shall refuse to permit, and suffer such Waggon or other Carriages to be gauged, weighed, or measured, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Ownarj of

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of be account ° every Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said Railway or Trample for road shall be and is and are hereby made answerable for any Tref-doane*beS their P5^’ ^amaoe> Spoil, or Mischief, that shall be done by his, her, or Men, be. r their Waggon or other Carriage, or by any of the Waggoners or other Person or Persons belonging to or employed in or abouc the fame respectively, to the said Railway or Tramroad, or other Works or Conveniencies to be made by virtue of this Act, either by the loading or unloading of any Waggon or other Carriage, or by any Means whatsoever, or to the Owners or Proprietors of any Building, or other Ercftion, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, adjoining or lying near to the fame, or any other Trespass whatsoever; and the said Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage shall for every such Damage, upon Conviction of such Person or Persons before any one Justice of the Peace, either by the Con ft (lion of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the

Oath

44-° GEORGII lli. Cap. 55. 967

Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) pay the Person or Persons injured the Damages to be ascertained by such Justice, provided that such Damages do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds; and also shall, over and above such Damages, forfeit and pay to the Informer any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Conviction; which Damages, Penalties, and Costs, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner and Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, by Warrant Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and the Overpb , (if any) after such Penalty, Damages, and the Costs and Charges of fjch Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to tjf t Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; or if the Damages shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, then and in such Case the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage may be sued or prosecuted for the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and if a Verdict or Judgement shall be given against him, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in any such Case shall recover his Damages thereby sustained with full Costs of Suit.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners Owners t« of any Waggon or other Carriage as aforesaid shall be compelled to pay th^'irvanti any Penalty or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass by reason any Sums for of any wilful Neglect or Default done or committed by his, her, or their lhe,r Default. Servants or Waggoners, or any of them, such Servants or Waggoners, and each and every of them, shall be liable to repay such Penalty or Damage (with the Costs thereof) to such Owner or Owners; and in case of Nonpayment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Owner or Owners of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of such Penalty or Satisfaction for Damages, and that the fame and the Costs thereof have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, by such Servants or Waggoners, or any of them, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any one Justice of the Peace for the County where such Penalty and Satisfaction shall have been incurred or paid) the Amount thereof shall be recovered and levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Servant or Waggoner, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale i and the said Penalty and Satisfaction when recovered shall be paid to such Owner or Owners in Discharge of such Penalty and Satisfaction so by him, her, or them paid for the wilful Act or Default of such Servant as aforesaid 5 and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justice shall and is hereby empowered to commit such Servant or other Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall penalty on suffer the Loading of any Waggon or other Carriage using the said Rail- °bh'e

way or Tram toad to lie over the Sides thereof, or shall overload any Wag- Rai'sway,./* gon or other Carriage, or shall leave, place, or suffer any Waggon or othrr Carriage to be left or remain on any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad, or other Works as aforesaid, so as to obstrufl the Passage

of

1

q6S 44.0 GEORGII lit Cdp. 55.

of any bther Waggon or other Carriage, and shall not immediately, cpcn Notice given of such Obstruction, remove the fame so as to make a free Passage for other Waggons or other Carriages passing thereon, every such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons having the Care of such Waggon or other Carriage, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any Person shall throw any Ballast, Grave), Stones, or Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing, upon any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad to be made by virtue of this Act, or shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Person in the Execution of this Act, or shall do any other Act, Matter, or Thing, to obstruct the free Passage of the said Railway or Tramroad, or any Part thereof, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum nor exceeding Ten Pounds nor lese than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Banks, or shall break, throw down, damage, destroy. Ileal, or take away any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad, or other Works to be crested and made by virtue of this Act, or do any wilful Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying or completing, maintaining and supporting the fame, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons rare directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentences as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny, or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not less than Double the Value or Amount of the Damages proved upon Oath to have been done at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, such Penalty, together with reasonable Cods, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, tendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender j or such Offender, shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County of Glamorgan, for any Time not exceeding Four Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted.

Mines refers-

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Manors'>rid°f ^erein contained shall extend to prejudice or affect the Right of any Lord

other Wo- or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors, or the Owner or

prieters. Owners of any Lands or Grounds, in, upon, or through which the said Wharfs, Quays, or other Convenicncies aforesaid, Railway or Tramroad, shall be made, to the Mines and Minerals lying and being within and

under the said Lands or Grounds, but all such Mines and Minerals are hereby reserved to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of such Manor or Manors, and to such Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of such Manor or Manors, and for such Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds respectively, subject to the Conditions and Reflric-tions herein contained to work, get, drain, take, and carry away, to his, her, or their own Use, such Mines and Minerals, not thereby injuring,

prejudicing.

969

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

prejudicing, or obstructing the said Undertaking, or any of the Works or Conveniences belonging thereto.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Pro- Proprietors prietor or Proprietors of any Lands, Mines, Seams or Veins of Coal, ot Lands, tte. Culm, or Clay, or Quarries of Limestone or other Stones, to make any mutate." Railway or Tramroad in such Manner as he, she, or they shall think proper, through his or their Lands or Grounds, and also through the Lands or Grounds of any other Person or Persons contenting thereto, and across and along any Road or Roads, to communicate with the said Railway or Tramroad, so that the fame be done without Injury or Damage to the said Railway or Tramroad; and all such Railways or Tramroads, so to be made as lad mentioned, shall be publick and open to all Persons for the Conveyance of any Minerals,

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize or Things, in Waggons or other Carriages, upon Payment to the Person or Persons at whose Charge and Expence such Railways or Tramroads shall be made, and his, her, and their Heirs or Assigns, such and the like Rates as shall for the Time being be payable to the said Company for the Conveyance of the like Articles upon the said Railway or Tramroad respectively.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and company 'to they are hereby directed to make and erect at their own Expence, and buiidwfart* for ever afterwards maintain and keep in Repair, good and sufficient Wharfs, to communicate with the said intended Railway oj Tramroid adjoining the Roads, Lanes, and Places following, that is to say, a Wharf and Yard late in the PofiTeflion of John Mills deceased; the Old Rope-Walk. Lane, the Bathing-Hou/e Road, Saint Helens Road, Brinmill Road,

Sketty Road, Lover Sketty Road, Black Pill Road, the Lane leading to Bishopston, Grange Lane, Westcross Lane, and Norton Lane; and that the said Wharfs shall and may be used by all Persons carrying or conveying any Goods, Wares, or Things along the said Railway or Tramroad, for the Purpose of depositing, shipping, or otherwise carrying away any Coal,

Culm, Limestone, Stones, Goods, Wares, and any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, without rendering any Sarisfaction for the same to the said Company, provided the using thereof respectively shall not occasion any Injury to the said Railway or Tramroad.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in ^v‘hntf of the this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to afftft, pre-’ Duke of judice, alter, diminish, abridge, take away, or add to any Royalties, ’n(d

Rights, Property, Duties, Payments, Powers, Authothics, Jurisdictions, font. ' Privileges, Liberties, and Franchises whatsoever, of or belonging to the said Duke of Beaufort, his Heirs, Assigns, or Successors, within the Seigniories of Gower and Kilvey, as Lord or Lords thereof, and otherwise, or any future Lords and Ladies thereof, and otherwise, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever; but that the same shall remain and be to him and them entire, wholly and altogether, as if this Act had never passed (other than and except so far as respects the Power given by this Act for making and maintaining Railways or Tramroads under the Restrictions herein contained) 1 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX ID. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thatnothing in this fn°g R^ht« Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any Manner of ,b= Coj-ILoc. y Per.] 11 N whatsoever

1

97° 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

whatsoever to affect, prejudice, alter, abridge, lefien, or take away Or add to any of the Rights, Tolls, Dues, Benefits, Privileges, Emoluments, Liberties, Franchises, or any former or other Jurisdictions, which the Prorteeve, Aldefmen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Swanfta for the Time being and their Successors were possessed of or had a Right to by Charter, Prescription, Custom, or otherwise howsoever before the passing of this Act, but that the Paid Portreeve, Aldermen, and Burgesses for the Time being, and their Successors, shall have full Power, Liberty, and Authority to take and receive all Quayage, Tolls, and Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Things discharged from or loaded into any Ship or Vessel within the Harbour of Swatifea, and all other Duties and Profits whatfjever, in the same Manner as if this Act had never been passed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding (other than and except so far as respects the Powers given by this Act for making and maintaining Railways or Tramroads under the Restrictions herein contained).

For making

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, Thatif at any Time or Times here-a^er any Person or Persons shall sustain any Damage in his, her, or their not herein- Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Property, by reason of the euw' ' Tol." Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, and for which no Remedy

vided for. is herein-before provided, then and in every such Case the Recompence

or Satisfaction for such Damage shall from Time ro Time be settled and

ascertained in such Manner as herein-before directed, in respect to ahy

other Recompence or Satisfaction herein-before mentioned; and such Recompence or Satisfaction, and also the Recompence or Satisfaction to be made by the said Company of Proprietors for any other Damages herein-before mentioned, the Mode of recovering which is not herein particularly provided for, shall and may be recovered in the same Manner as is herein-before provided for the Recovery of Annual Rents in Arrear as aforesaid.

Recovery of

LXXV. And bait further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures Forfeitures. for offences committed against this Act, Or any Rule, Bye-law, or Order ttf be made by the said General AflTembly and Committee or either of them as aforesaid, shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Glamorgan, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, either by the Confrfiion of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant); and the Overplus, after futh Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sde are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels; and in case fuf* ficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures and all such Costs and Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Four Calendar Months,

unless

971

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

unless such Penalties, and all such Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not herein-before particularl y directed, shall go and belong to the said Company, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXVII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction'of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may caufs the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form, or in any other Form to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; ([videlicet),

* - *\ De it remembered. That on the Day of

0 w" J ‘ D in the Year of our Lord

‘ A.B. is convicted before me C.D. one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Utecf>'nS Offence, and the Time and Place when ard where committed, as the Case may be\ contrary

to an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Thiid, intituled, \here set forth the Title of this Act']. Given under

my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written.’

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who have or hath already subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe any Money for and towards the making and maintaining the said Railway or Tramroad, and other Works hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum or Sums of Money by him, her, or them respectively subscribed, or to be subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the Committee of Management of the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of the Powers and pursuant to the Directions of this Act, at such Time and Times and Place and Places as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Committee in the Manner herein-before mentioned and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so to be called for from him, her, or them, at the Time or Times and Place or Places, and in the Manner to be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to fuefor and recover the lame in any Court of Law.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by an Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye-law, or Order of the said

Company

Persons »g-fiieVi-d by Irregularity in Dilltefi, to recover only Special Damages.

Form of Conviction.

Compelling Payment of Subscription.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quart.r Sel-fions.

97*

Limitation

Actions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 55.

Company or Committee, or by any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, may, within Six Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgement, or Determination shall have been made or given (first giving Fourteen Days Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint is intended to be made), appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary Way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County; and the said Justices may, if they Ice Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye-law, Order, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction and Colls to be made and paid to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonabh-; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Procrfs whatsoever, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

of

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of the Powers or Authorities, or any of the Orders made, given, or directed, in, by, or under this Act, unless One Calendar Month’s previous Notice shall be given by the Person or Persons intending to commence and prosecute such Action, Suit, or Information to the said Company, or to their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, nor unless such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Three Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceal'ed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute or Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act j and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action, Suit, or Information shall have been brought or commenced before or after the Times so limited for bringing the same, or in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Cale the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff- or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Adiun, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 5$. 97$

LXXXI. And whereas confiJerab'e Su ns f VI in-/ have >e»*n already expended in the Improvement of th-H rbour of Sevanfea: An I whe-eas t is intended further to improve the fame by the E edion it an Eall-rn Pier: Be it therefore further cnifte>1, Tnar, for and in re p ct J <11 Oral and Culm which shall be carried along the said Railway nr Fra r tad, or any Part thereof, and which shall af.er ards be put on Shipboard at any Place to the Westward of the Weltern Fier of Swansea Ha bour, there shall be paid to the Trustees for th- Time being or Swan fa Harbour, to be by them applied forth Benefit of the Lid Harbo tr and not otherwise, the Sum of Five Shillings for every Ton of such Coal and Culm as shall be so shipped as af >refa<‘d, over and above the Tonnage or D ity to be paid to the said Company of Proprietors, and which Sum of Five Siblings shall be answeied and paid by the said Company of Proprietors to the said Trustees of Swansea Hirbour; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have the fame Means and Remedies for recovering the fame frotn the Person or Persons who shall carry or convey or cause to be carried or conveyed along the said Railway or Tramroad, or any Part thereof, fjch Coal or Culm as aforesaid, as are hereby given for recovering the other Rates and Duties which shall be payable for Goods to be carried or conveyed along the said Ra lway or Tramroad, and fh.dl be authorized to prevent any Coal or Culm being carried along the said Railway or Tram-road, or any Part thereof, unless the Person or Persons who shall so carry or convey such Coal or Culm as aforesaid, or cause the same to be carried or conveyed, shall fiift give Security to the said Company of Proprietors that none of such Coal or Culm, nor any Part thereof, shall be put on Snip-board at any Place to the W, (tward of Swansea Western Pier until the said Five Shillings per Ton shall be first accounted for and paid by the Person or Persons who shall ship or cause the same to be shipped.

P?na! y on Pei fan Carry ing C*al and Culm on the Railway to be shipped to the W=it*ard of Swansea Piers,

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Coals* Penalty on Culm, Limestone, Lime, or other Minerals, Goods or other Articles or fy^coall* Things whatsoever, which shall have been carried or conveyed upon any and fcuim on Part or Parts of the Swansea Canal, at any Time or Times except when the Water in the said Swansea Canal shall flow over the Waste Weir or Cases.

Weirs now erected or hereafter to be ereftt-d upon the Long Pond of the said Swansea Canal called the Morriflon Pond, or on the Sides thereof, (such Waste Weir or Weirs so to be erected and maintained not exceeding the Height and Dimenfuns of the Waste Weir now erected there), shall afterwards proceed or pafc upon or be carried or conveyed along the said Railway or Tramroad by this Act authorized to be made, or any Put or Parts thereof, upon pain that the Ow ner or Owners of any Coals or other Articles or Things which shall proceed or pass or be carried or conveyed contrary to the Directions last aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the Company of Proprietors of the Swansea Canal a Penalty or Sum after the Rate of Five Shillings per Ton for every Ton of Coals or other Articles or Things which shall so proceed or pals or be carried or conveyed contrary to the Directions last aforesaid; to be levied or recovered by the Company of Proprietors of the said Swansea Canal in like Manner as any other Penalties or Forfeitures are by tms Act authurized to be levied or recovered.

LXXXIII. Provided always That none of the Penalties or Forfeitures penalties not hereby made payable to the said Company of Proprietors of the Swansea recoverable Carial shall commence or be payable or recoverable by virtue of this Act, cafoT*'0 until after the said Companty of Proprietors of the Swansea Canal shall, at [Lot. fc? Per. J 11 0—P their

$74 44° GEORGII III. Cap. $5.

their own Expence, have made and completed a good and sufficientRailw ay or Tramroad of the fame Form and Construction as that by this Act authorized to be made from and communicating with the lower Termination of the Morriflon Pond aforesaid, at or near the Head, and above the Fourth Lock of the said Swansea Canal, to and communicating with the said Railway or Tramroad by this Act authorized to be made, at or near or adjoining the fame at or near the lower End of the said Swansea Canal; nor after such Railway or Tramroad shall be made and completed by the said Company of Proprietors of the Swansea Canal, shall any of the Penalties or Forfeitures hereby made payable to them, be payable or recoverable during such Time or Times as the said Railway or Tramroad, so to be made by the said Company of Proprietors of the Swansea Canal, shall not be in good and sufficient Repair.

Regulation

LXXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Coals,

Landhi'nof*1* Limestone, Lime, or other Minerals, Goods or other Articles or

Good".30 Things whatsoever, which shall at any Time or Times whatsoever (whether

the Water shall then flow over the Waste Weirs aforesaid or not) have been depofued or landed upon any of the Wharfs, Quays, or Places

belonging to the said Company of Proprietors of the Swansea Canal (except such as shall be depofued on a certain Piece of Ground at the lower End of the Bason of the said Swansea Canal near the Termination thereof, in the Town of Swansea, of the Length of Twenty-two Yards, lying ora the North-west Side of the said Bason, and extending to the Turnpike Road) shall afterwards proceed or pass, be carried or conveyed upon the said Railway or Tramroad by this Act authorized to be made, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon pain that the Owner or Owners of any such Coals, or other Articles or Things which shall proceed or pass, be carried or conveyed, upon the said Railway or Tramroad contrary to the Directions last aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors of the Swansea Cartal, a Penalty or Sum after the Rate of Five Shillings per Ton for every Ton of Coals or other Articles or Things which shall proceed and pass, be carried or conveyed, contrary to the Directions last aforesaid } to be levied or recovered by the Company of Proprietors of the said Swansea Canal in the same Manner as any other Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act authorized to be levied or recovered.

Limiting the Time for complet ing the Railway.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said intended Railway or Tramroad by this Act authorized to be made, shall be made and completed fit for general Use before the Fitft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, and that if the same shall not be then made and completed, this Act and all the Powers hereby given shall become void and of no Effect.

[Publick Act.]

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed.

taken, and allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act, and all Judges, Jultnes, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StraHan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

5

It

1

It

1

n

kt

ill

n

A

kt

tc-

fi-

ve

he

tl

hi

I

lit

I

1

I

I

I

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 56.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of Siranfea in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, 31 G. j. enlarging, and preserving the Harbour o/Swansea in the County e/'Glamorgan: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual J6 G> 3-the said Act, and for making Improvements in the Lights at the Mumbles: And whereas the Trustees appointed to execute the Powers vested in them by the said Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have greatly improved the said Harbour of Swansea, and have also erected a Lighthouse at the Mumbles, by which the Navigation of the Bristol Channel has been rendered more safe, and in the doing thereof have borrowed, or are indebted in, and have expended the grea"eft Part of the Money they were authorized to borrow under the said recited Acts; but the Improvement of the said Harbour is not yet completed, and the fame cannot be effected, unless additional Rates or Duties be granted for that Purpose; and for the more speedy Completion of the Works, it is expedient to authorize the said Trustees, from Time [Lee. & Per.} 11 to

982

Repealing so much of said Aflof 31 c., 3. as relates to the Appointment of Twelve of the Burgel'es of Sivanfta to be Trustees for executing said Act.

For appointing new Trull eei.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

to Time, to borrow such Sums of Money as are herein-after limited, on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties; and it is also expedient that the said Acts should be altered, amended, and enlarged; but the fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Appointment of Twelve of the Burgesses of the Porough of Swansea for the Time being, resident within the County of Glamorgan, to be elected and choten annually by the Burgesses in Common Hall assembled for that Purpose, on Michaelmas Day in every Year, after the Election of the First Trustees from amongst the Burgesses, by virtue of the said recited Act, to be Trustees for executing the several Purposes of the said recited Act, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

11. And be it further enacted, That the Twelve Persons elected and chosen as Trustees by the said Burgesses, by virtue of the Power and Authority given by the said first recited Act, shall cease to be such Trustees as aforesaid, and instead thereof the several Persons hereafter named, that is to say, Richard Aubrey, William Spencer, Amos White, Morgan Howell, John Rowland, and Silvanus Padley, being Six of the Burgesses of the said Borough, together with the other Persons named by or under the Authority of the said first recited Act and this Act, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for executing the several Purposes and Powers of the said recited Acts and of this Act; and that the said Six Trustees, herein before named and particularly described to be Burgesses of the Borough of Swansea aforesaid, shall continue to be and act as such Trustees until Michaelmas Day, which shall be in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and feren; and that upon the said Iaft mentioned Day, and so from Time to Time upon Michaelmas Day in every Third Year from that Day, Six of the Burgesses of the said Borough of Swansea shall be elected and chosen by the Burgesses of the said Borough in Common Hall assembled, from amongst the said Burgesses, to be Trustees for executing the several Purposes and Powers of the said recited Acts and of this Act; and that the Six Burgesses of the said Borough for the Time being, so elected and chosen from Time to Time in Manner aforesaid, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for executing the several Purposes and Powers of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and shall continue to be and act as such Trustees until other Persons shall be elected and chosen in Manner herein-before mentioned; and that Six Persons, that is to say, Henry Smith, Rees Williams, Samuel Hammond, William Fillers, Charles Joseph Harford, and Pafcoc Grenfell, be added to and joined with the Twelve Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said first recited Act, and therein particularly described to be Representative or Proprietary Trustees; and the said Six Persons last mentioned, together with the several Persons appointed as Rtpresentative or Proprietary Trustees under the said first recited Act, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for executing the several Purposes and Powers of the said recited Acts and of this Act, as Proprietary Trustees; and the said several Trustees herein-before named, and those

named

983

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

named or appointed by or under the Authority of the said recited Act, shall have the like Powers and Authorities as they would respectively have had in case they had been named in the said first recited Act or this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to hold their First Meeting at the Guildhall of the Town of Swavfea, on the Second Monday in the Month next after the passing of this Act, and proceed in the Execution of the Powers hereby and by the said recited Acts granted; and afterwards to meet from Time to Time at the Guildhall aforesaid, or at some other suitable and convenient Place, as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, at the preceding Monthly Meetings, shall direct or appoint, on the First Monday in every Month, and shall and may adjourn such Meeting to a shorter Period than One Month, if the same shall be necessary; and the said Trustees and their Successors, to be appointed as herein mem tioned, shall have all the fame Powers and Authorities for the Purpose of executing the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, as by the said recited Acts are given to the Trustees appointed by or under the Authority thereof, and shall be entitled to do and perform every Act, Matter, and Thing relating thereto, as fully and effectually as if the fame Powers and Authorities were herein repeated and re enacted; and that every Clause, Matter, and Thing contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, relating to such Trustees respectively, shall have the fame Force and Effect (except in such Cases as by this Act are otherwise provided) as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Vacancy shall happen by the Death, Refusal to acr, or Disqualification of any of the Six Trustees, herein-before named and particularly described to be Burgesses of the Borough of Stvonfea aforesaid, such Vacancy shall and may be filled up by the Burgesses of the said Borough for the Time being, in Common Hall assembled, as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen, in the same Manner and Form as Six of the said Burgesses are herein-befoTe directed to be elected and chosen, and so from Time to Time upon the Death, Refusal to act, or Disqualification of any such Trustee who shall be elected and chosen in pursuance of this Act, so as to make up and keep complete the full Number of Six Trustees from amongst the Burgesses of the said Borough in Manner aforesaid j and all and every Person and Persons so elected and chosen Trustees in Manner aforesaid, from amongst the Burgesses of the said Borough, to fill up and supply such Vacancies whenever the same shall from Time to Time occur, shall have the lame Power and Authority, to all Intents and Purposes, to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this Act, as they w uld or could have had in case they had been originally named and appointed Trustees in and by this Act, or had been so elected and chosen on Michaelmas Day in every Third Year in Manner aforesaid, provided the Person or Persons so elected shall, previous to his or their acting in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Acr or the said recited Acts granted, take and subscribe the Oath following:

For appoint* ing the First Meeting of the rrusteeg

For filling tip Vacancies in the Trustees elected from an.oi»s;lt the Burgesses of Swansea-.

I A.B.

984

Oath

For repealing a Reftncriou a« to Qualification of Truilcei.

For filling up Vacancies in the Represen-tative Trustees.

Oath.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly and faithfully execute the Trulls ‘ and Powers reposed in me by an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth

Year of the Reign of His Majesty K'mg George the 1 hird. intituled,

[Here insert the Title of this AdJ, and the Acts therein mntioneJ.

'So help me GOD.’

"Which Oath any Two or more of the said Trullees are hereby empowered and required to administer to all and every the Trullees appointed by or in pursuance of the said first recited Act or this Act (except th Proprietary Trullees); and if any Person (except as aforesaid, shall prelume to act as a Trustee without having taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered in Manner herein after mentioned.

V. And whereas it is by the said first recited Act enacted, that no Person, who shall be elected in Cases of Vacancies, shall be qualified to act as a Trustee in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of the said Act, who shall not be resident within the County of Glamorgan: And whereas such Restriction hath been found inconvenient, be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Refusal to act of any of the Trullees herein-before particularly described to be Repre-fentative or Proprietary Trustees, it shall be lawful for the Proprietary Trullees for the Time being, or the Majority of them, (such Majority not being less than Five,) in Meeting assembled, at any Time after I'uch Death or Refusal shall happen, to appoint a proper Person to be a Trustee in his Stead, provided Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for that Purpose shall be affixed in Writing, under the Hand of the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon the Guildhall, Custom House, and Market Place, within the said Town and Borough of Swansea, and shall be published in some provincial Newspaper, if there shall continue to be any, and also in some One or more of the Bristol and Gloucester Newspapers, Ten Days at leaf! before the Meeting for such Election, and so from Time to Time upon the Death, Refusal to act, or Disqualification of any Proprietary Trustee, who shall be elected in pursuance of this Act, so as to make Up and keep complete the full Number of Eighteen Proprietary Trusttes; and all Persons so elected shall have the fame Power and Authority, to all Intents and Purposes, as they would or could have had in case they had been originally named and appointed Trustees in and by this Act, provided the Person or Persons so elected shall have the fame Qualification as is required by the said first recited Act, (except so far as the fame is hereby repealed,) and shall, previous to his or their acting in the Execution of the said Power and Authority, certify in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, in what his Qualification to act as a Trustee or Trustees consists, and shall also take and fabferibe the Oath following;

I A.B. do swear. That I am truly and bond fide, in my own Right, ‘ portefltd of such Qualification as entitles me to act as a Trustee for ‘ putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the ‘ Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set 'forth the Title of this Act~\, and the Acts therein mentioned, and

‘ that

9*5

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

that I will truly and faithfully execute the Trulls and Powers reposed

in me by the said Acts.

So help me GOD.’

Which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required to administer; and if any Person who shall be so elected a Trustee shall presume to act as such without being qualified in Manner required by the said first recited Act, (except so far as the fame is hereby repealed,) every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he was, at the Time of acting, qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, with full Colls of Suit, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person had acted as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty- Power to take fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be Rnataedontional paid to the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said first recited Tonnage of Ad and of this Act, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, ShlPs* from the Mailer or Commander, Owner or Owners, of every Ship or Vessel entering into or going out of the said Harbour of Swansea, (not being a Ship of War, or in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or a Fishing Vessel,) the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) One Penny for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage, by Admeasurement, of such Ship or Vessel, to be ascertained by the Custom House Certificate of Registry thereof; and from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Six, there shall be paid, in Manner aforesaid, an additional Penny for every Ton of the Burthen or Tonnage, by Admeasurement, of such Ship or Vessel, to be ascertained in like Manner; which said Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be continued and raised until the Expence of the Works herein-after particularly mentioned, (over and above such Part of the fame Expence as shall be paid by the Rates and Duties granted by the said first recited Act, and the Money borrowed and to be borrowed under the Authority thereof, and the Money to be raised for that Purpose, and the Interest thereof, with the Interest of the Money already borrowed, and the Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the passing of this Act, shall be fully paid, together with the Expences which, during such Time, may happen incidentally in executing the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, (except such Expences as may arise in making any Gates, Docks, or Batons, or otherwise for the Purposa of making the said Harbour a Floating Harbour, or any Floating Basons or Docks, or in maintaining or repairing the fame, the Whole of which are to be paid out of the Rates and Duties granted by the said first recited Act, after the Works herein-after particularly directed shall be completed.) and shall be paid in Addition to the Rates and Duties charged by virtue of the said recited Acts; and the aforesaid Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be and the lame are hereby vested in the said Trullees, and shall be demanded, levied, and distrained for, collected and recovered, in the same Manner, as in and by the said first mentioned Act is declared with respect to the Rate or Duty of Two-pence per Ton, thereby authorized to be received.

[Lee. & Per.]

11 R

986 44* GEORGII III. Cap. $6.

Ship? not t*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel, liable of th^Cuito'm' Object to the Payment of the said Rates and Dudes granted by the said House, tin Acts or this Act, or any or either of them, shall be permitted to clear at paki*' afe ^e Custom House of any of the Ports wherein the said Rates and Duties are respectively payable, until the same shall have been paid, and a Certificate thereof, under the Hand of the Receiver of the said Rates and Duties at such Ports respectively, produced and left in the Custom House thereof, and which Certificates shall be there regularly filed; which Files shall be delivered to the said Trustees, or to their Clerk, as often as the same shall be required; and in Default thereof, the Officer or Officers who shall clear any such Ship or Vessel without the aforesaid Proof of Pay. meat, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Towrrto raise

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Money. Trustees for the Time being to borrow and raise at Interest, on the Secu-

rity of the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, (but without Prejudice to the Security of such Perilous as have already lent Money, or shall hereafter lend Money under the said recited Acts,) any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, in Addition to the Money which has been or may be borrowed under the said recited Acts, or either of them; and that the Money so to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act shall be secured, and such Securities shall and may afterwards be transferable in the same Manner and Form as is directed by the said first recited Act, with respect to the Money borrowed or to be borrowed under the Authority thereof.

o/theRMc further enacted, That the Rates and Duties to be col-

° ' e,‘ lected or received under the Authority of this Act shall be first applied

in the Payment of the Cods, Charges, and Expences, incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act; and then in paying the Interest of the Money which may be borrowed under the Authority of this Act, Half-yearly, as the same shall become due; and then, together with the Rates and Duties granted by the said first recited Act, and the Money borrowed or to be borrowed under the same Act, (but subject and without prejudice to the Rights of the Creditors of the said Trust, and the Means given by the said recited Acts, or either of them, for recovering the Money due to them, and subject to the Expence of maintaining the Light Houses at the Mumbles, and at the Pier Head, and subject and without Prejudice to the Powers vested in the said Trustees, of applying the Rates and Duties granted by the said first recited Act, and the Money borrowed and to be borrowed under the Autl. jrity thereof, in removing Paddocks and other Obstructions in or near the said Harbour of Swansea,) in paying the current Expences and Repairs which may be necessary in executing the Powers and Authorities of the said Acts and this Act; and then in building and completing a sufficient Jetty at the South-east End of the present Pier; and then in building and completing a sufficient Pier from Sait Hcu/e Point, towards the present Western Pier, with a sufficient Jetty thereto; and then in deepening the Harbour of Swansea, from the Ferrypool to the Heads of the Piers, and so far further as shall be deemed necessary, of a sufficient Width and Depth, and then in removing all Paddocks or Accumulations of Sand, Mud, Gravel, Stones, and Rubbish, which are or may be formed in the navigable Part

987

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

of the River Tawe; and then the said Rates and Duties payable undef the Authority of this Act shall be applied in discharging the Principal Money which shall be borrowed under the Authority of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Expences or Charges shall be Ra.tts.to b* allowed to be deducted or retained by the Person or Persons who may be x*'«ifurei'i1* authorized to collect the Rates and Duties granted by the said recited Hands with-Acts or this Act, but that all such Rates and Duties shall be paid by him °£,rnD'duc' or them into the Treasurer’s Hands, and shall not be afterwards paid or

allowed by the Did Treasurer (except as herein-after is directed) on any Account, except under an Order in Writing of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in Meeting assembled, specifying not only the Amount of the Sum to be paid, and the Person to whom or to whose Order the same shall be paid, but also the Account, or Work or Works, in respect of which the same shall be paid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, in order to secure the regular For the better Payment of the Interest of the Money due and to grow due, under the Authority of the said recited Acts and of this Act, the said Treasurer theinterestof shall, upon the Demand of any Person or Persons who shall be entitled Moni*'

to the Interest of any Principal Sum or Sums due or to be due, and secured upon the Rates or Duties granted by the said recited Acts or this Act, pay to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Order, the Amount of such Interest Half-yearly, as the same shall become due; and in case such Treasurer shall make any Payment whatsoever, without first reserving a sufficient Sum of Money for Payment of the Interest then due, such Treasurer shall be personally answerable to the Person or Persons entitled to such Interest for the Amount thereof, and shall be bound to pay the same to such Person or Persons as shall have Interest due to him, her, or them, and as shall first apply to such Treasurer for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That an Account, dating the Amount Directing an of Iriterelt due to each of the Creditors of the said Trust, shall be made ^Amount up Half-yearly by the Clerk to the said Trustees, within One Week after of interest Lady Day and Michaelmas Day in every Year, and such Account shall be creditors* to delivered within the Time aforesaid to the said Treasurer by the said be made up Clerk; and that it shall not be lawful for such Treasurer to make any Half-yearly. Payment, upon any Account or for any Purpose relating to the said

Trust, after Lady Day or Michaelmas Day in every Year, until such Account shall be delivered to him; and that in case the said Clerk shall neglect to nrepare and deliver such Account to the said Treasurer within the Periods aforesaid, or shall wilfully or negligently deliver a false Account to the said Treasurer, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XIV. And whereas Weirs placed on the Beach to the Eastward of Swansea Harbour have been found prejudicial to the Entrance of the purchase ier-said Harbour, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said fjJinBWei" Trustees to agree with the Owners and Occupiers of all such Weirs as |h* Eastward* are or may be prejudicial to the said Harbour for the Purchase or Rent- ot

ing thereof, and to pay the Purchase Money for the fame out o’f the Hi,bo*1-

Rates

988

Trustees to makr a Gul-vert for conveying Water use^l in working a Mill near the Foundry at Swanfia.

Trustees to

take Securities h o«n their Officers, etc. lor the faith-fui Execution of their Duty.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.s6*

Rates and Duties hereby granted, or out of any Money to be borrowed under the Authority of this Act, in preference to any Payment except Interest, and the Coils and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and then to cause such Weirs to be removed; and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons in future to erect, set up, or place, or cause or procure to be erected, set up, or placed, any Weir which may be removed as aforesaid, or any other Weir or other Device, Matter, or Thing, which may be prejudicial to the said Harbour, below High Water Mark, to the Eastward of the said Harbour, other than and except in or upon such Place or Places only as shall be approved by the said Trustees, after such Place or Places shall have been examined by some Person or Persons competent to decide whether such Weir or other Device, Matter, or Thing, may be prejudicial to the said Harbour or not; and that in case such Weir, Device, Matter, or Thing shall be erected, set up, or placed, with such Approbation as aforesaid, the same shall and may be removed by the said Trustees, provided the same shall afterwards be found to be prejudicial to the said Harbour*

XV. And whereas a Mill hath been erected near the Foundry in the said Town of Swansea, which Mill, when the Harbour of Swatifea shall be made a Floating Harbour, it is apprehended will be rendered useless j be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required, previous to the said Harbour being made a Floating Harbour, out of the Rates and Duties granted by the said first recited Act, (but not out of the Rates granted by this Act, or the Money to be borrowed under the Authority hereof,) to make a good and sufficient Culvert for the Purpose of conveying such Water as shall be used in working the said Mill on the Outside of the Stop Gates authorized to be made by virtue of the said first recited Act, and by and out of the Money arising by virtue of the said first recited Act to keep and maintain the said Culvert in good and sufficient Repair.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall take sufficient Security from the several Persons to be appointed Treasurer, Receiver, or Collector of the said Rates and Duties, to be raised under the Authority of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or this Act, for the due Execution of their respective Offices; and that such Treasurer and Receiver, as well as the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the different Ports where the Light House Duty is by the said Acts, or either of them, directed to be paid, or such other Person or Persons who now are or shall at any Time hereafter be appointed by the said Trustees for receiving the fame, shall respectively, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Trustees shall order and direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, true and perfect Accounts in Writing under their Hands, of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge under the Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been or ought to be received by such Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Comptroller, Person or Persons respectively, by virtue and for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what PuTpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall forthwith pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Accounts shall

1 appear

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 56. 989

appear to remain in his or their respective Hands, to the said Trustees. or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose; a d the said Treasurer, Receiver, Collectors, Comptrollers, and Persons so liable to account as aforesaid, shall verify the said Accounts upon Oath, if required (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County wherein the Person making the same shall reside, are hereby empowered and required to administer); and if any Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Comptroller, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall not, upon Demand made to him or them respectively, make and render such Account, or shall refuse or neglect to verify the fame upon Oath, in Manner and Form aforesaid, when required, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment of the Balance appearing to be due from them respectively as aforesaid, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty one Days after being the reunto required by Notice in Writing given to or left at his or their lait or usual Place or Places of Abode, all Books Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of the said Acts or of this Act, then and in any or either of the said Cases the said Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Comptroller, or other Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, over and above any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due and owing from him or them to the said Trull.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby authorized and required to bring or cause to be brought, a""nttiheir either in their own Names, or in the Names of any Two or more of officer*, Me. them, any Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere. against the Treasurer, Receiver, Collector,

Comptroller, or Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies which shall or ought to be in his or their Hands respectively, and of such Books, Papers, and other Things, as they ought to deliver up to the said Trustees or to their Order, and shall recover the fame, together with full Costs of Suit, in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XVIII. And whereas by the said first recited Act it is enacted, that no Regulation more than Two-thirds of the Money agreed to be paid by any Contraft contracts, made in pursuance of the said Act should be advanced before the Completion of the Work contracted for, which Restriction hath been found inconvenient; be it therefore further enacted, That, provided the said Trustees shall take effectual Security (such Security not being personal

alone) for the Completion of such Contrafts respectively as they shall enter into, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to pay for the Work which may be so contracted to be done, when and as the lame shall be going forward; but no such Payment shall be considered as conclusive; but if at any future Period the Work so paid for shall be found bad or insufficient, the same shall be made good by the Person or Persons who had contracted to do the fame, or by the Person or Persons who shall have given such Security as aforesaid, and such Security shall remain valid until the whale [Lac. is? Per.] rt S Contraft

99®

Penalty on Persons calling Anchors in the River Tanue, when there are sufficient Chains, tie. for that Purpose.

For preventing the Sides of the Kiver from wearing away.

Trustees to appoint Places for the laying of Bailaft.

For Recovery of Penalties.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.$6.

Contraft shall be performed, and the whole Work done shall be finally approved of and found sufficient.

XIX. And wheteas by the said first recited Act it is enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Trustees to erect and place Mooring Rings, Chains, and Capfterns, at proper and convenient Places near the Mouth and on the Sides of the said River, not beyond the Iron Foundry and opposite thereto} and that after such Mooring Rings, Chains, and Capfterns should be so erected and placed, no Ship or Vessel should moor with an Anchor in the River, provided there should be convenient Pods, Rings, and Chains for mooring the fame, (except by Stress of Weather, and that for Twenty-four Hours only.) to be ascertained by the Water Bailiff of the said Harbour, his Officers, or Persons acting under him: And whereas no specifick Penalty is imposed upon any Person offending against that Part of the said recited Act, be it therefore enacted, That if any Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, shall at any Time, when there are sufficient Rings, Chains, and Ports for mooring the fame, (except as aforesaid,) cart Anchor in any Part of the said River Tauue, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Glamorgan, or before the Portreeve of the Borough of Swansea for the Time being, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding l’hir y Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of such justice or Portreeve, such Penalty, together with reasonable Cods, to be levied by Distress and Sale of so much of the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture of such Ship or Vessel, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Penalty and Costs, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, Master, or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to cause or permit Slag or other Materials to be deposited and laid on the Sides of the said River, in order to prevent the Banks thereof from wearing away by Land Floods or otherwise, as far up the said River as the Navigation of the fame extends: Provided always, that in the doing thereof no Damage or Injury be done to the said Navigation.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to appoint a Place or Places on the Out-fide of the Western Pier, and on the Outside of the intended Eastern Pier, within the Harbour of Swansea, for the laying or depositing of Bailaft, and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to discharge and deposit Bailaft upon such Place or Places, provided the doing thereof shall not injure the said Harbour and River} any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Act, (except for carting Anchor in the River Tawe as before mentioned), shall be recovered by any Person or Persons, who shall sue for the same, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt,

or

la»:

the"

pt

ign

m

far

Mb

II

lit hi eferi Me sllvi

n

vTlfl

life

It (ft

dupe

inch!

Pout

the!

Cou

far.

hill

Coin

lift

tit

eh

J&t

Aei

Ink

hi

of

Co

51

a

99i

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

6t by BHI, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, in which no Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and on the Trial thereof any Inhabitant of the said Town of Swansea, not otherwise disqualified or disabled by Law, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and be deemed a competent Witness; and One Moiety of every such Penalty;

Fine, and Forfeiture, shall belong to and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Order of the said TrUftees, and applied to the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Acts.

y

XXIII. And be it furthef enacted, That all the ClauseS and PowersJn Extending the the said former Acts contained, and all and every Part of them (except f^/onner so far as the fame, of any Part of them, are hereby varied or altered J Act to'thie shall extend and be conftrUed to extend to this Act, as fully and effec- Act. tually as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken,

or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and of this Act, whenam unt*

or either of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any to,80/>

Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, or Person or Persons under any other

Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned,

such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in

the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High

Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money

shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said

Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred

in a summary Wav, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled

to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments in the Purchase

or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such otherlncumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court Ihallau-

thorizetobepaid,affedingthefameLandsor Hereditaments, oraifedingother

Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame orthelikeUfes,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses.Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid.

Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would

for

99* 44° GEORGII III. Cap. $6.

for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of tha Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in cate such Purchase or Settlement were made.

where'die0*

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Comptnfa- fi> agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur-is'iefs^haiT taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any

40a/. and* Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity more than io/. as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the Laid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame (halt be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees } or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing the mlp subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofnion of the said Court of

Application where the Money is Itfs than toL

In case of not making out Titles;

or if Person* cannot he found, Purchase Money to he paid into the bank;

fuhi*£V to the Order of the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empoweied in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such othi r Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftrier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whoseUfe the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament', or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, cr to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it draft be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall diredh

[Lu. & Per.] nf

99$

Court of Chancery-, on' Mnon or petition.

Where any

Question (had aiife touching the Title to Mo» ney to be paid, the Person who ft] 1! be in P Hellion of the Lands, at ike Time cf Inch Pur-ciiafe, shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Polfef* lion.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchaseis to be paid by the Truiteci.

994- 44° GEORGII ..III. Cap.^6.

Declaring the

XXX. And be it further enacted, That th:s Act shall be adjudged, Actfublick. deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be juili lally i.ikm Notice of as such, by all Judgrs, Justices, and all other Persons \*Lpu;lucY<.r, without the fame being specially pleaded.

.-iff?.

J.ONDON: Printed by George E\ re and Andrew bi'RAti.N, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S04.

A . 1 ,1 -> ,r

> ... . h

i-loii.jy

Tn* ’

1. r ‘ ! ' .

ft . ,1

ltl if,/ ft t

1,': n I.H VT»r; t

* 1 t . ‘>btvi<x

.* . . 11 Otlf/

1

1. . i > % . .... t >: ->'yi ,iv

-ft . 1: ' ' 1;

t; 1* - jai

d nr

is "t n'lff > :o; ri ? ]

I 9 i i'*h/ hr *; *-

i

1 , t-r

|.j 1 rt ,i 1: 1 SiH t-i ot ,- *" st-' r I

!l od/.\ . '-1 "* <v "M iiiL ft? 9 f 9d

ftrb -

ll 9 :t v-'hau r> .’nrlrs’l

I V..;.: 1

- MC/Ar !

. , i.W

jvl 1

' w J.» . -1 h.:

ft >*t

2-

r^.a

» dl; ,

' 1 mix 1 ,1 stir 1 . A st: J i- '

I.

' . ' lj t hr 1 <: . :.r - j.

>1 1. ’> ITitH: a '

*>1 . 4 .

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 57/

An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bowt in the County of Middlesex.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex, are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence, and by Means of very heavy Rates; and the Laws and Statutes now in force within this Realm, for the assessing and collecting of Monies for the Relief of Parochial Poor, are found inconvenient and ineffectual in the said Parish, and the Payment thereof is much evaded, by reason that divers Houses within the said Parish are let out ready-furnished or in separate Apartments, andother Houses therein, are let either furnished or unfurnished to Lodgers; and it is deemed that the granting further Powers in the Premises will tend to the Equalization and Reduction of the present Poor Rates within the said Parish, to the great Alleviation of many industrious Families who now pay the fame, and of the rest of t he Inhabitants of the said Parish in general: May it therefore please Tour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Declaring Act, all and every Person and Persons, whether Owner, Lessee, Landlord, that Persont Renter, or Tenant, who shall let his or her House, Tenement, or other rtSy8furni'm! ILoc. & Per.] II U Premises, ed, or in r»-

998

par te Aoart-ments, or in

Lodgings rur-niftied or unr

furnifticd,

shall be deemed the Occupiers for the Purposes of this Act j but that the Rates shall be raid by the Tenants.

For better Recovery of Rates on Houses let at shall Kents.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

Premises, within the said Parish, ready-furnished, or in Parcels or separafe Apartments, or in Lodgings furnished or unfurnished, shall be deemed the Occupier thereof, and shall be rated to, and shall pay the Rates and Assessments for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish; and that all and every such Rates and Assessments shall be paid by the Person or Persons renting or occupying any such ready-furnished House, or any such Parcel or separate Apartments, or ready-furnished Lodgings or unfurniilied Lodgings, and the Person or Persons, Occupier or Occupiers, of whom the same shall be demanded, is and are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be rated or assessed upon such Owner, Lessee, Landlord, Renter, or Tenant.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Yearly Rent or Value of any House, Tenement, or Hereditament within the said Parish shall not exceed Ten Pounds, or where the Houses, Tenements, 01 Hereditaments, shall be let to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in separate Apartments furnished or unfurniilied, and the Rents thereof shall become payable and be collected at any shorter Periods than Quarterly, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens, Overseers or the Poo*, and Vestrymen of the said Parish (if they shall think proper) to compound with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of all and every or any such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Parish, for the Payment of the Poor Rates, at such a reduced Yearly Rental as the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, or the major Part of them, shall think reasonable, so that such Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not rated at less than Two-thirds nor more than Four-fifths of the Rack Rent at which the same shall then he let, or of the Annual Value of the said Premises respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, of such Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall not exceed the Yearly Rent of Ten Pounds, or as shall be let to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in separate Apartments furnished or unfurnished, and from whence the Rents shall become due and be collected at any fhovter Period than Quarterly, is and are hereby required to enter into such Composition with the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish; and in case fjuch. Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, shall object to enter into such Composition, he or they shall from thenceforth be deemed and, taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such Premises, and shall thereupon be rated to and from Time to Time shall pay or cause to be paid the Rates of Assessments charged’ upon their respective Prqmifes, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, according to a fair and equal Assessment by the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, unto their Collector or Golleftors for the Time being, who are hereby authorized and empowered to collect the fame; and upon Nonpayment thereof to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the respective Premises aforesaid wheresoever they shall be found, or the Person or Persons inhabiting the fame respectively: Provided always, that no such Landlord or Owner shall be charged with or liable to pay for any increased Rent referred or made payable to him for or on account of such Landlord or Owner having agreed to pay the Rates heretofore chargeable upon the Occupier; and that in such Case the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or so much thereof as shall remain unpaid, shall be and continue a Charge upon the Premises in respect whereof they shall be so rated, and shall and may be recovered of and from the

Owner,

999

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 57*

Owner, Lessee, Laridlortl, Renter, or Tenant respectively, in Manner herein-after mentioned or referred to: Provided also, that the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons rendng or occupying any such House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Poor Rates of which the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, is or are hereby made subject or liable to, and which shall not have been compounded for as aforesaid, dial I be liable at all Times to be distrained and fold for Payment of so much of the said Rates Or Assessments, and of all Arrears thereof which accrued and became due upon the said Premises during the Time of their Occupancy only: Provided also, that all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid by such Occupier or Occupiers shall be deemed and taken as a Payment in Part of the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to the respective Landlord or Owner of the fame Premises.

III. And, for the moTe equally assessing the Poor Rates within the said Parish, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen, and Parilliioners, of the said Parish, or the major Part of them in Vellry assembled, to call in the Aid and Assistance of some Surveyor or Surveyors, or other competent Person, to view, eilimate, and ascertafa the Annual Value of all or any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Parish, chargeable or liable to be assessed for the Relief of the Poor, and so from Time to 'rime as Occasion shall require.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish in Vellry assembled, or the major Part of them, from Time to Time to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, and a Clerk or Clerks, and Collector or Collectors of the Poor Rates of the said Parish, and such other Officers as they may judge necessary, and shall take such Security as they the said Churchwardens, Overseers'of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, shall think proper, from such Treasurers, Clerk, or Collector; and shall and may from Time to Time remove such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors, and other Officers, and appoint in like Manner, by Ballot, others in the Room and Stead of such of them as shall be so removed, or as shall die, or discontinue, or resign his or their Office or Offices; and that the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen, of the said Parish, shall and may, out of the Monies arifiAg and authorized to be collected by virtue of this Act, allow to all such Clerks, Collectors, or other Officers, such Salaries or other Allowances as they the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen, of the said Parish, shall judge necessary and proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be chosen Collector or Collectors by virtue of this Act shall relufe or neglect to collect the Rates granted for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of Twenty-one Days after the same shall be granted, and Complaint shall be made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, or by any One of them, and Oath made by some credible Witness before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlejix, of such Refusal or Neglect, such Collector or Collectors shall, unless he or they shall shew full and just Cause to the Satisfaction of such Justice why such Rates are not collected, forfeit and pay to the Treasurer

For ascertaining the annual Value of Koufes, fifr. liable to be rated.

For appointing Officers.

Collectors require 1 to collect Rates within a given Time.

loooo

Retiring Collectors to account.

Penalty on Neglect or ReJufal.

Collectors to produce t.ilti of Defaulters.

For paying the Exrences of the Act.

Treasurer to pay the Money re-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

or Treasurers for the Time being, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings for every such Refusal or Neglect.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors, to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time pay over all and every the Sums of Money to be collected or received by them respectively by virtue of this Act, when and so often as the same shall amount to Ten Pounds, or upwards, to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, to be appointed as aforesaid; and that such Collector or Collectors shall from lime to Time when required, give in a particular, true, and perfect Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or respective Hands, to the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen (on Oath, if required, which Oath any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex is hereby empowered to administer) of all Monies which he or they shall have respectively received, collected, or levied by virtue of this Act, or by reason or means of the said Office; and shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, pay all such Monies as shall be in his, their, or any of their Hands, by virtue of this Act, to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, to be appointed as aforesaid; and if any such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to make such Accounts and Payments as are required to be made by him or them respectively by this Act, then any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Middlesex, shall and may, upon Complaint thereof, make Enquiry of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves, as by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and if any such Collector or Collectors shall be convicted of such Neglect or Refusal before such Justices, then the said Justices shall, upon Conviction, commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors for the Time being to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall produce Monthly to the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, a true Lift m Writing of the Names and Places of Abode of such Persons as shall have been rated for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and shall not have paid the said Rate, together with an Account of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall remain unpaid by each Person respectively; and which Lilt and Account last mentioned, such Collector or Collectors shall, if required, verify on Oath before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences, of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof, or incurred in relation thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, out of the First Monies which shall arise or be collected by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer and Treasurers to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act, shall, and he and they is

and

100 I

44.° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

and are hereby required from Time to Time to pay all and every such Sum and Sums of Monty as lie or they shall receive by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, unto the Churchwardens, Overfears of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, order or direct for the Purposes of this Act, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and such incidental Purposes as the Poor Rate is now by Law applicable unto.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and the Costs and Charges of the Recovery thereof, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, on the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and all Penalties and Forfeitures, when To recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Parish for the Time being; and if no such Goods or Chattels of such Offender or Offenders can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Charges of Distress and Sale, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Weeks nor less than Seven Day's, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be looner fully paid and satisfied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Assessments by this Act imposed shall and may, on Refusal to pay the fame, be recovered in such Manner as the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor are directed to be recovered, by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Relief of the Poor, or by any subsequent Act or Acts relating to the Relief of the Poor; which laid several Methods of recovering the said Rates or Assessments for the Relief of the Poor shall and they are hereby declared to be legal Methods and Ways of enforcing the Payment of Rates or Assessments directed to be paid in pe.r-luance of this Act, as fully and effectiiaiiy as if such Methods were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any Distress shall be made for Nonpayment of any of the said Rates, hereby directed to be made or authorized to be collected, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons making such Distress to raise and levy the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, and felling and disposing of the fame, over and above the Sum of Money due upon the Rate or Rates for which such Distress shall be taken.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That in case any Person whomsoever shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal

Tier, S? Prr.J 11 X to

ceived by l,;.n for the I'ur-poses of this Act so the '-huichwir-den?, Src.

For Pecovety and Application of Penalties.

F r Recovery of the Rates.

E 'pence cf making Distress to be pai 1 with the Rates.

Per Tons sg-gneved m ty a tpeal to Two Justices j

1002

but if distatis-tied, mayaf-to wards appeal to the Quarter Seffiorts.

Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

Poor Law* to continue in Force, except where altered by this Act.

Limitation of Actions.

General

IiTue.

T/ebie Colls.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 57.

to Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, and acting for the fame, who shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Paid Complaint, and if they fee just Cause, to order the Person so appealing to be relieved in such Manner as they shall think proper: Provided always, that in case such Person so appealing as aforesaid, or the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or the major Part of them, shall be dissatisfied with such Determination, that then it shall and may be lawful either for the Person so appealing, or for the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, for and on the Behalf of the said Parish, to appeal to the then next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Middlesex, which shall happen next after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the said Determination, upon Six Days Notice to be given by the Party appealing; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices assembled at such General or Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Complaint, and give Colts at their Discretion.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Parish shall and may, and he, lhe, and they, is and are hereby declared not to be an incompetent Witness or Witnesses, by reason of being such Inhabitant or Inhabitants, in any Action, Suit, Complaint, Profectf-tion, or Proceeding, to be had, conduced, made, prosecuted, or carried on, under the Authority of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts heretofore enacted, and now in force for the Relief of the Poor, in such and in the same Manner as he, she, or they, would or might have been if he, she, or they, was or were resident in any other Parish or Place.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Laws relating to the Overseers of the Poor, and for the Relief and providing for the Poor, shall continue in force within the said Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, except where the same are altered by this present Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, then and in every such Case such Action shall be commenced within Six Months after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions to be brought may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or F*efendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XVII. Am

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 57. 1003

[Publick Act.]

XVII. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 58.

An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City; for paving the Foot Paths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs; and for otherwise improving the said City.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, is a populous and trading City, and a Place of great Resort: And whereas the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said City, and the Suburbs thereof, are at present very inefficiently lighted, and the Footpaths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs are not properly flagged or paved: And whereas the Entrance into the said City by the present Gate, called The English Gate, is incommodious and dangerous: And whereas Liberty hath been granted to the Inhabitants of the said City to open and make a proper Avenue, Way, and Passage, from that Part of the Street called Botcbergate, which lies within the Liberties of the said City, through the Citadel into the said City: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and of all Persons resorting thereto, or puffing through the fame, if the Streets, Lanes, and other [Loc. & Per.] 11 T publick

ioo6

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

publick Passages and Places within the said City and Suburbs were welt and sufficiently lighted, and the Footpaths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs were properly flagged or paved, and if a proper Avenue, Way, add P.alfctge, were made through the said Citadel into the said City: But the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effeded without che Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be,.enacted j. anti) be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with tnc Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Commitnon. rity of the fame, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City ers’ of Carlisle, the Reverend Joseph Milner Dean, and the Chapter of the

Cathedral Church of Carlisle, the Reverend Brown Grifdale Doctor in Divinity, William Potts, Richard Jackson, John Richardson, Joseph Hodgson, George Blamire, Jeremiah Whirlings, John Jackson, Thomas Blamire Doctor of Medicine, Thomas Lowry Clerk, John Hey/ham Doctor of Medicine, James Foijler, Thomas Benson, John Mitchinjon, Samuel Atkinson, Edward Nevinson, Richard Ferguson, John For/ler, Robert Waldie, John Hebfon, Thomas Lojh, Robert Mornfty, William Jackson, Thomas Spooner, Alexander Wilson, David Kennedy, William Wood, Robert Ferguson, William Hodgson, William Donald, Richard Lowthian, Silas Saul, John Hodgson the younger, James Fairbairn, Francis Jollie, John Thompson, John Pears, John Beck, John Keay, John Brown, William Halton, John Connell, Joseph Stcddart, Francis Stoddart, Thomas Atkinson, Anthony Lange ake, Edward Rowland, David Carrick, Robert James, John Gibbons, Thomas Bennett, Richard Jackson, John Rigg, Robert Allison, John Robson, Robert Wilson, William McWilliams, Joseph Sargent, James Mcnkbsufc, Benjamin Holmes, John Fletcher, James Irving, Joseph Monkhouse Head, and Joseph Topping, shall be, and they and their Successors (to be elt-ded in Manner hereinafter mentioned), are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution,

Forappolnting

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of the sioners?mm'r* Commissioners herein named, or hereafter to be elected, shall die or remove but of the said City or Suburbs, or shall at any Time, during the Space of One Year, refuse or neglect to ad, such Death, Removal, Refusal, or Neglect to ad, being declared or notified at a publick Meeting of the said Commissioners, then it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time, and they are hereby required to eltd and appoint One or more proper Person or Persons residing in the said City or Suburbs, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place or Stead of him or them so dying, removing, refusing or neglecting to ad. Ten Days publick Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election being given in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, or by any Three or more of them, and affixed on the Market Cross of the said Ciry of Carlisle, and on such other Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall direct; and every Person who shall be so appointed (having first taken and subscribed the Oath herein-after directed to be taken and subscribed, and being qualified as herein-afeer is mentioned), shall have the fame Power and Authority for putting this Act in Execution, as if he - had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

Qualification

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall mimoneri!11' be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act

(except

1007

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

(except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned in the fir/l Instance, in which Cafe any Two or more of the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer the same) unless he shall be an inhabitant within the said City Or the Suburbs thereof, and shall be seised or possessed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife and be in the actual Possession or ^Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a House, Tenement, or Building, or Houses, Tenements, or Buildings, with the Appurtenances, of the clear yearly Value of Thirty Pounds or upwards situate in the said City or the Suburbs thereof, or shall occupy a House or Building, or Houses, Tenements, or Buildings, with the Appurtenances, situate within the fakl City or the Suburbs thereof, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, and also be an Bouftholder liable to be rated by this Act, and shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following; videlicet,

I A.B. do swear. That I am duly qualified to act as a Commissioner ouh,

* in the Execution of an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the ‘ Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this ‘ AST\, and that I will faithfully, truly, honestly, and impartially, according ‘ to the bed of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the fereral ‘ Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner, by virtue of ‘ the said Act, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any 1 Person or Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD.’

IV. And be it further enacted, That the raid Commissioners, or any First and Five or more of them, shall meet together in the Guildhall of the said fnlt’sotcom. City of Carlisle, or at such other Place within the said City as they shall miilioners. appoint for that Purpose, on the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon of the same Day, and shall then proceed to pgc this Act in Execution; and shall and may then and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn the twelves to and meet at the Place aforesaid, or at any Other convenient Place within the said City of Carlisle, as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners to act or to adjourn to another Day, or in case the Commissioners so assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, or in case it shall by any Means happen that there shall be no Adjournment made, or if there shall be any special Occasion for any Meeting between the Time of any Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any other Time, then and in any of the said Cases any Three or more of the said Commissioners, or their Cletk, shall and may appoint a Meeting to be holden at the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to have been held, or at feme other convenient Place within the said City of Carlisle or the Suburbs thereof, as they or he shall think proper, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon of such Day on which such Meeting shall be called. Notice thereof being given as is herein-after mentioned; and that at all Meetings to bc'held in pursuance of this Act the said Com- Commissioners missioners shall pay and defray their own Charges and Expences. ow^Experce#

at Metungs.

V. And be it further enacted, That previous to any Meeting of the Notice w be said Commissioners to be held in pursuance of this Act, fubEquent to such |j^nofs First Meeting as aforesaid. Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk " ngs' to the said Commissioners, of the Time and Place of every such Meeting

" " shall,

ioo8

No Act to be valid unless at a Meeting.

Restriction as to revoking Orders.

Proceedings of Commissioners to be entered in a Book.

'Commissioners may hire Rooms for an Office and Storehouse.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

shall be affixed on the Market Cross of the said City of Carlijlt, and uport such other Places or Buildings as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, at lead Three Days before every such Meeting.

1 VI. And be it further enacted, That no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the said Commissioners shall be valid, unless made or done at some Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act (except the Calling of Meetings as aforesaid); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or verted in the said Commissioners and all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings to be made and done, or authorized or directed to be made and done by them, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised, done, and transacted, by the major Part of them present at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, such major Part not being less than Seven (except in Cases herein otherwise particularly directed); and that at every such Meeting for putting this Act in Execution such one of the said Commissioners present, as the major Part of them then attending shall by Ballot or otherwise appoint, shall be Chairman of such Meeting; and if upon any Ques. tion there shall happen to be an Equality of Voices of the Commissioners assembled (including the Chairman’s Vote) the Chairman shall have a Carting Vote.

VU. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, shall be revoked or altered, unless at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose (of which Three Days Notice shall be given as aforesaid, therein expressing the Occasion of such Meeting), and also unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend at such Meeting to revoke or alter the fame, than were present to make such Order; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular fsntries shall be made in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, of all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at the respective Meetings; and One or more of the said Commissioners who shall be present at such Meeting, or their Clerk, shall always subscribe his or their Name or Names at the End of the Proceedings of the respective Meetings, and all such Entries being so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all causes, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book shall, at any of the Meetings of the said Commissioners, and at all other seasonable Times, be open to the ln-speftion of the said Commissioners, and of all Persons rated or assessed for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to hire any Room, Building or Buildings, as they shall think fit, in any convenient Part or Parts of the said City of Carlijlt, for the Purpose of making use thereof, and for an Office or Offices for keeping their Accounts, and doing the Business relating to this Act, and as a Storehouse or Storehouses for keeping the irlmplcments or Materials, and for other the Purposes of this Act; and to pay, out of the Money to arise by the Rates to be rqade in pursuance of this Act, such yearly Rent or Rems as they the-said

Commissioners

too9

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Commissioners shall from Time to Time agree upon, and also to accept and take a Lease of such Room, Building, or Buildings, to themselves, or any of them, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, for any Term or Number of Years, at and under such yearly Rent or Rents as they shall from Time to Time think fit.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Commis- No Commissioner hereby appointed or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner during the Time he shall hold or enjoy any Office or Place of Profit under this Act, or be concerned in, or have any Benefit or Interest in, any Contraft whatsoever made or to be made by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Commissioner appointed or to be appointed to put this Act in Execution, who is or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said City of Car-lijle, or for the said County of Cumberland, to act as a Justice of the Peace for putting in Execution the several Powers and Authorities granted by this Act, notwithstanding his being a Commissioner} and all the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs may be admitted, and shall not be adjudged to be incompetent Witnesses for the Purposes of this Act, by reason of their being Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, at their First or any succeeding officer?. Meeting, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect and ap-poinc a Clerk and Treasurer, and such Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officers as they shall find necessary for the Execution of this Act; and from Time to Time to remove all or any of such Officers as they shall see Occasion, and appoint another or others in case of such Removal or jn case of Death, and out of the Money arising by the Rates or Assessments tn be raised, levied, and collected, by virtue of this Act, to make such A 1 iwance or Allowances to such Officers, for their Care and Pains in the Execution of their Offices, as they the said Commissioners, or any F.ve or m re of them, shall judge reasonable and proper, so as such Officers do g ve Security to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, (or the due Performance of their Trusts and Offices.

Commissioners may act as justices of the Peace in putting this At\ in Execution.

Inhabitants deemed competent Witnesses.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any such When officers Officer or other Person to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act, Bankrupt"111 or of his becoming a Bankrupt, the Executors or Administrators of such Executors,’etc. Officer or other Person, or the Assignees of his Estate and Effects, or other Person or Persons possessing the fame, shall deliver up to the said Commissioners, or any Person appointed by them, all Books, Papers,

"Writings, and other Things, concerning the Office of such Officer, or otherwise relating to the Execution of this Act, which shall come to the Hands or Possession of such Executors, Administrators, Assignees, or other Persons, as aforesaid; and in case of Non-delivery of such Books, Papers,

Writings, and Things, within the Space <ji Ten Days after the same shall be demanded by the said Commissioners, or by some Person by them appointed so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to commence and prosecute any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, in any of His \Ltc. & Per.2 11 Z Majesty's

IOIO

Commi (Hone rs may sue and be iued in the Names of their Clerk or Treasurer.

Power to make a Way from Botchergate through the Citadel into the City*

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Majesty's Courts of Record at Wtjiminjltr, against such Executors, Administrators, Assignees, or other Person or Persons possessing the Efface and Effects which did belong to such deceased Person or Bankrupt, for the Recovery of full Damages in lieu of such Books, Papers, Writings, and Things, together with the Colts of every such Action or Suit.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer; and that no Action which may be brought or commenced by or against the said Commissioners or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose; but the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be, and may in all Cases sign Notices or Summonses for and on Behalf of the said Commissioners: Provided always, that every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Evenc of any such Proceedings he shall be put to or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby veiled with full Power and Authority to open and make a proper Avenue, Way, and Passage, from that Part of the Street called Botdergato, which lies within the Liberties of the said City, through the Citadel situate within the said City, into the said City, and for that Purpose to take down so much of the Citadel of the said City as will make the said Avenue, Way, or Passage of the Width of Ten Yards or thereabouts, and Thirty-one Yards or thereabouts in Length, upon Condition that such Part of the said Citadel as shall be affected by the making the said Passage, shall be by the said Commissioners effectually secured from Damage; and a Wall on each Side of the said Passage or Way of proper Height, with proper Doors in the Center, shall be erected by the said Commissioners, to prevent Trespasses being committed upon or within the said Citadel; and that the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to treat and agree with the Owner and Occupier of, and all other Person and Persons interfiled in Two Messuages Or Dwelling IToufes and Outhouses, with their Appurtenances, now or late the Property of Robert Nanfon, and now or Ute in the several Occupations of William Nanfon and Thomas Elliot, for the Purchase of, or to become seised or possessed of the fame, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon to be paid for such Purchase, or adjudged and determined in Manner herein-after prescribed, to cause such Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, or so much there f as shall be necessary, to be pulled down, and the Grounds whereon such Houses and Outhouses now stand, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to be laid open for and towards a proper Avenue, Way, and Passage, from that Part of the said Street

called

IOII

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

called Botcbergate, which lies within the Liberties of the said City through the Citadel into the said City.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Robert Nanfon, William Nanfon, and ‘Thomas Elliot, or any other Person or Persons seised or pofftfled, or who shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in the said Messuages or Dwelling Hoofes and Premises (upon Notice to them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of the said Robert Nanfon, William Nanfon, and Thomas Elliot, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid), shall, for the Space of Twenty Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse, or be incapable, by reason of Infancy or otherwise, to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or with any Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of his, her, and their respective Estates and Interests therein, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff of the County of Cumberland, who is hereby authorized, directed, and required accordingly to impanr.el, summon, and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Twenty-four nor more than Forty-eight, and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn, by some Person to be by the Court of General or Quarter Se(Iion3 herein-after mentioned appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, are by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn, which Persons so to be im-pinnelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, shall, by such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, be required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, at some Coure of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Cumberland aforesaid, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day, until discharged by the said Court; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, her, or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices, if they think fit, fh*U and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises in question, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn the Court from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties to attend until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall br concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oarhs, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administet), shall inquire of the Value of the said Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Otrt-

houses.

Parties refilling or being incapable to treat, etc. Commissioners to ilTae their Precept for impannei* ling a Jury.

Jurymen may Dt challenged.

Justices may direct a View.

1012

Verdict of Jury final.

Where the Sum a fie fled shall not exceed the Sum offered, the Colts of Assessment, &e. shall be paid by the Person leifed, ttc. and retained by Coir'vi'lioners our of the Sum aflcfied.

Justices may imp Fine* on Sheriffs, t&' for Default,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

houses, with the Appurtenances, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to the Owner and Occupiers of the said Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, with the Appurtenances, for the Purchase thereof, and of their respective Estates and Intermits therein; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed; which Verdict or Verdicts, and the Judgement or Judgements, Determination and Determinations thereupon (Notice in Writing being given to the Owner and Occupiers of the said Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, with the Appurtenances, of the Intention of the said Commissioners to apply to loch Justices and Jury as aforesaid, at lead Ten Days before the Time of holding such General or Quarter Sessions, as hertin-before mentioned, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Owner or Owners, or at his, her, or their lift or usual Place or Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Occupier of the Premises intended to be valued), shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Badics Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all and every Person and Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use, or Interest in, to, or out of the said Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, with the Appurtenances, in Possession, Keversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Disability or Incapacity, their, h s, and her Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, as all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdict and Verdicts, Judgement or Judgements, Determination or Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being for the said County of Cumberland, or his Deputy; and in case it shall so happen that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be allelTtd and awarded in consequence of such Refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, with the Appurtenances, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall have previously offered to pay as and for such Value, Recompence, and Satisfaction, then and intvery such Case all reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring such Value and Recompence to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, and of lo affdling and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons so seised or poftVffed of, or interested in the said Messuages or Dwelling Hous s and Outhouses, and so refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively; and the said Commissioners aie hereby authorized and empowered to deduQ and retain the said Costs, Charges, and Expences out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be alkfled or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on each Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his or their Ver-di£t, and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give

Evidence

IOI3

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or attending shall refuse to be sworn or to alfirm, or who shall refuse to give hi', her, or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Pre-miles, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners-, and that a Copy of the Order of the said Justices, signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being of the said County of Cumberland, or his Deputy, shall respectively be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting, or aiding and afTifting therein to make such Distress and Sale and all such Fines shall be paid to the said Commissioners, to be by them applied for the Benefit of the Poor of the said City and Suburbs, in such Manner as the said Justices shall think proper.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any Sum or Money agreed Sums of Money, so agreed to be paid or aOtfled, to the Party or Parties for' to whom the lame shall be so agreed or awarded, or on Tender thereof Pi-emifes, how made at his, her, or their Dwehing House, or if he, she, or they fir ail at the Time have no Dwelling House, then at his, her, or their last usual Place or Places of Abode, or on the Premises intended to be valued, he, she, or they shall execute a Conveyance or Conveyances of the Premises which shall be lo purchased, to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act-, bi£ in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or ifref-.i Sums of Money shall be so agreed to be paid or awarded as aforesaid, dispo'c S or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, then and in every such Case as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to pay the said Sum and Sums assessi-d and awarded for futh Purchas'e as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to the Account and Credit of the Parties intc-rtfted in the said Melftiages or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, subject Co the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Iretition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Pfiblick Funds, or to order Distriburion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Eft.ite or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to tile said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons who shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

[Lu. Ss3 Per. J

12 A

ioi4

premises purcha ed ro veil absolutely in Commissioners.

Where Part of a Building only shall be jiecelTary to be taken down, the Owner shall compel the Trustees to purchase the

Application of Com pen-fation if amounting to aoo /.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.tf.

XIX. And be it further enacted, Thar, immediately after paying fotfh Purchase Money as aforesaid into the Bank of England, the said Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, with the Appurtenances, in respect whereof such Money shall have been fj paid, fhdl vest in the said Commissioners, in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, 1 itJes, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where it shall be thought necessary for the Purposes of this Act that a Part of such Messuages, Dwelling Houses, or Premises shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and the Owner or Proprietor, or Owners or Proprietors thereof shall be minded and desirous to sell and dispose of the Whole of such Messuages, Dwelling Houses, or Piemifcs, and of such his, her, or their Mi.id or Defne shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners, 7then and in such Cale the said Comtnifli ners shall and they are hereby required to purchase the Whole of such Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Premises, the Value thereof, in case of Difference, to be ascertained in Manner aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corpo'a'ion, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Dilabilm or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such M >ney shall, in case the lame shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pound', with all convenient Sp d, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privry of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, ro be (.laced to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this AO, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Dirtftion and with the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way^ by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other In. cumbrmce, or of any thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting tfip&me Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted

44° GEORGII III. Gap. 18. 1015

by the Ltd Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Confhfidared, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall !e ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Gonfolida'ed or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time ro Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would fdr the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenemen s, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Sdti tlement were made.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed ot awarded to be paid for any Meduages Lands, Tenements* fe-aonTfieti or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or iifed for the Purposes aforesaid, a-’d th n 100l. belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dilabi- »^cXCeedm£ lity cr Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of T*o hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Ptrfort or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian br Guardi ms.

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy of Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in thr Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nomin ed by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating ami approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the D vdends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-brfjre directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Monty so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be fannn^i'elj less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall be than 10/. applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for any of the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case cf Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled resptctively.

XXIV. And belt further enacted, Thar where any Question shall arise where »nv touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into th'* Bink Question n.all of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General fng^uebCvio-of the Cou t of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of ncy, the Ptr-any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of

any Estate, Right, or Intereil in any Messuages, Buildings, Lands Tene- Lands, ments, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuaner of this Act, or to fuhT,c any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Di* ilnli b deC'U-

vidends

joi6

The Court of Chancery may order Expences of Vurchafes to be paid.

Tenants at Will to deliver Possession upon Six Months Notice,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

vidends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of fudi Purchasf, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Building', Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that lbme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fomc Estate or Interest therein.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in purfuaace of this Act, ic shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in purfuar.ee of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from Time to Time yay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Leffee for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Possession of the said Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, with the Appurtenances, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Premifrs than as Tenant at Will, or Lefiee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the lame, upon having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession from the said Commissioners, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them , and such Person or Persons in Possession shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice he given with Reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants Entrance, or holding, or not, or as soon after as he, she, or they shall be required by such Notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and that in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County of Cumberland, to deliver Possession of the said Prem.fes to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58. tot:

cepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Colts as shall accrue from the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distrrfs and Sate of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Mor,lg*je*s Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on the said Messuages

or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, not being in Possession thereof by Principal and virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on Notice in Writing from Interestto the said Commissioners, or from such Person or Persons as they shall ap- con',ey' point, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, and on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey On Refufat, and assign as aforesaid, on such Payment or Tender thereof, that then all Interest on the Principal Money due on every such Mortgage shall from " 1 thenceforth cease and determine.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any Ef- Bargains and tate or Interest of any Feme Covert or Femes Covert to the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons in Trust for her or them, by Inden- pines and Re-ture or Indentures of Bargain and Sale, fra led and delivered by such coveries. Feme Covert or Femes Covert in the Presence of and aitefted by Two

or more credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert or Femes Covert in the Premises, or such Trustees as aforesaid, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of the Dwelling Houses and Outhouses to to be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of or entitled to any Estate or Interest in the Premises in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any Manner or Form whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Princi- Upon Pay-pal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage as aforesaid, into the Bank

of England, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Time of giving Bink^preml-such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Morrgagee or Mortgagees, in fes toveft in cale he or they shall refuse to receive the same, the Cashier or Cashiers of Comnuffion. the said Bank of England shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bank of England; and thereupon all the Estate, Right,

£ Lee. is Ptr.'] 12 B Title,

ioiB

Monies to be paid or tendered before any Ule made of the Pre-roiies.

Penalty on giving fall'e Evidence.

Charges of the Act agreed to be paid by the Corporation.

For defraying the Expences of purchasing, maintaining, and repairing the Lamps.

Assessors and Collectois to be appointed.

Commissioners to issue Summonses to appear before them.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Commissione'f, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises tomprifed in furh Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, or other Consideration, Rrcompence, or Satisfaction, to be paid or made, pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid, or in Discharge of any such Mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the Patty or Parties entitled to the fame, or paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, before the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorised by them, shall proceed to pull down the said Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, or to use the Ground for any of the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person on his or her Examination upon Oath, to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully or corruptly give false Evidence, such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Disqualifications, as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable to.

XXXII. And whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in order to promote the good Ends and Purposes proposed by this Act, have consented and agreed that the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies belonging to the Corporation of the City of Carlisle aforesaid , be it therefore enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act shall be paid and defrayed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Citizens of the City of Carlisle; and the said Corporation of the City of Carlije is hereby made liable and answerable for such Charges and Expences as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And, for defraying the Charges and Expences of purchasing and fetcing up a sufficient Number of Lamps, for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said City and Suburbs, and of maintaining and repairing the said Lamps so to be erected and set up by virtue of this Act, and lighting and supplying the fame with all proper Materials, be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, the said Commissioners shall and may yearly and every Year, upon such Days, and so often as there shall be Occasion, under their Hands, nominate and appoint, and they are hereby empowered to nominate and appoint, Two or more Inhabitants or Reftdents within the said City of Carlisle or the Suburbs thereof, to be Assessors and Collectors within the said City and Suburbs, in order to raise Money for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners assembled at any such Meeting as aforesaid shall take Care that Summonses be issued under the Hands of Two or more of them, to the several Collectors and

Assessors

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 58. 1019

Affrffors appointed by virtue of this Act, thereby requiring them respectively to appear before them and the other Commissioners, at a certain Time and Place in such Summonses to be mentioned, not exceeding Six Days from the Date of such Summonses, and on their appearing the said Commissioners, or such of them as shall be then present, shall order and direct them how, to whar Amount, and in whit Manner, they are to make their Assessments, and how they ought to proceed in the Execution of this Adf, and Ih.ill then appoint another Day for the Lid-A(Fedors and Collectors to appear before the said Commissioners, and bring in their A(F Aments in Writing under their Hands, to be verified upon Oath or Affirmation as hereinafter is directed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every of the said A (Teflon to AffelTors shall, and they are hereby empowered and required respectively Rate.*

to make and settle an equal Yearly, Half-yearly, or Quarterly Pound Rate or Raies, Assessmenc or Assessments, as by the said Commissioners, assembled at such Meetings as aforesaid, shall be ordered and directed, upon all and every Occupier or Occupiers of any Messuage, Dwelling Houset or Building, or any Messuages, Dwelling Houses, or Buildings,

Gardens, or other Hereditaments, situate within the said City or Suburbs, such Rate or Rates, Assessment or AflcITments, not to exceed in the Whole in any One Year One Shilling in the Pound on the improved yearly Value of the ffiid Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Buildings, Gardens, or other Hereditaments slave and except a Rate or Assessment herein-afeer directed to be made for the Purpose of paying the Charges and Expences of purchasing the said Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, with the Appurtenances, and opening and making the said Avenue, Way, and Passage, from the said Street called Bttchergate, through the Citadel into the said City, with Intcrelt for the fame), such yearly Value to be from Time to Time settled according to the respective Value at which such Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Buildings, Gardens, or other Hereditaments, shall be respectively rated for the Relief of the Poor, except in respect to the Messuages, Dwelling Houses, or Buildings, Gardens, or other Hereditaments, fituaie within the Abbey of the said City, or the Precincts thereof, and which Messuages, Dwelling Houses, or Buildings,

Gardens, or other Hereditaments so situate, shall be rated and assessed equally with Messuages, Dwelling Houses, or Buildings, Gardens, or other Hereditaments, situate in other Parts of the said City or Suburbs.

XXXVI. And, in order to enable the said Commissioners to make and Power to inlay on the said Rates or Assessments, be it further enacted, That the re- {£*sPoor spective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Lid City and a Suburbs shall, and they are hereby required, at all seasonable Times, to

permit the said Commissioners, or any of them, or their Treasurer,

Clerk, Affellors or Collectors, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners, to peruse and inspect the said Rates or Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor of the said City and Suburbs, and to make a Copy or Copies thereof, or such Part or Parts thereof as they shall think proper; and every such Churchwarden or Overteer refuting or negleSing to permit such Perusal or Inspection, or any such Copy to be made, shall forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lets than Forty Shillings for every Time they or he shall so neglect or refuse.

'’1020

A (Tessors to sign their Assessments, and make Oath or Affirmation of the Justice thereof.

Commissioners to examine the Rate Affrflfors make upon them-lclves.

Assessments to besigned by the Corn-million ers.

Allowance to the Collectors.

Penalty on Assesslr or Collector refuting to perform his Duty,

A fle Aments how to be recovered.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Aflefiors shall respectively sign their said Assessments, and also, at the Time of bringing in their said AflVffments to the said Commissioners, shall make Oarh (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to administer) that the said Assessment or Afllffments so brought in by the said Aflefiors respectively, is and are, according to the bed of their respective Skill, Knowledge, and Information, a true, fair, and just yearly, half-yearly, or quarterly Kate of Assessment (as the Case shall be) upon all and every Occupier and Occupiers of any Messuage, House, Stable, Coach House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Warehouse, Malthouse, Granary, Brewhouse, or other Building, Gardens, or Hereditaments, situate within the said City or Suburbs; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall then also diligently examine into the Kate or Assessment made upon the said several Aflefiors themselves, and shall and may, if they fee Cause to fuspect the said Rate or Assessment made upon the said Aflefiors, rate or assess every such Assessor for all and singular the Matters and Things for which, by this Act, he ought to be rated and assessed; and all Sums assessed upon every the said Afleftors, and the Assessments made and set up by the said Aflefiors, shall be collected and levied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and all such Rates or Assessments respectively so to be made as aforesaid, shall be allowed and signed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, so assembled as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Collectors of the aforesaid Rates and Assessments, for collecting the aforesaid Sums, to be comprised in or charged by such Rates or Assessments respectively, and for giving Receipts to the Person or Persons of whom they shall receive the lame, shall have and receive for their Pains and Trouble in collecting and paying the Money, Two-pence for every Twenty Shillings to be by them lo collected and paid, which the said Collectors are hereby empowered to detain out of the last Payment of their several and respective Collections.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person appointed an Assessor or Collector as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to perform his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this Act, the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, may and shall by virtue of this Act impose on such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, any Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds for every Offence, to be levied in the same Manner, and applied for the fame Purposes, as the Rates and Assessments made in pursuance of this Act ate directed to be levied and applied.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Assessments, after being allowed and confirmed as aforesaid, and all Arrears becoming due upon the fame, shall be collected from the several Occupiers so to be assessed by such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, as aforesaid, to collect and receive the same respectively and in case any Person or Persons so assessed shall refuse and neglect to pry such Rate or Assessment by the Space of Fourteen Days next after Demand thereof made, by the Person or Persons to be appointed Collector or Collectors in pursuance of this Act, it shall

1021

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

be lawful for such Collector or Collectors respectively, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, and which Warrant they are hereby empowered and required to grant to the Collector applying for the fame, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, wheresoever the fame may be found, rendering to the Party or Parties, whose Goods shall have been so distrained and fold, the Overplus (if any), the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale being first deducted.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Form of such Warrant shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ npO A.B. Collector of the Assessment for lighting the Streets, Lanes, Form of the ‘ and other Publick Passages and Places of the City of Carljle, in the Warrant.

‘ County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City: You are hereby

commanded to make Distress of the Goods and Chattels of C.D. of

wheresoever you can find the fame, for the Sum of

assessed upon him [«r, herj by virtue of an

‘ Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third [here insert the Title of this Atl], and such Distress you

are to detain and keep for the Space of Three Dais next after the making

and taking thereof, for the said Sum of

together with the Charges of making and keeping such Distress, unless

the said Sum of and the reasonable Charges

‘ of making and keeping such Distress, shall be sooner paid; and if the ‘ fame shall not be paid before the End of the said Three Days, then you

are hereby further commanded, as soon as may be, to ftl! the said Goods and Chattels which shall be by you distrained, and out of the Money arising by such Sale to detain the said Sum of

together with the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale,

rendering the Overplus (if any) to the said C.D. on Demand. Given

under our Hands and Seals, the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and .’

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Exceptions shall be rated or pay to the Rate, or Assessments which shall be made by bling'med, virtue and in pursuance of this Act, for or on Account of any Gardens,

Garden Grounds, or Orchards, within the said City of Carlisle or the Suburbs thereof, during the Time they shall or may be occupied for the Purpose only of felling the Fruit and Produce thereof, or for or on Account of any Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Ground, held or occupied within the said City of Carlisle, or the Suburbs thereof; nor shall any Person be rateable by virtue of this Act for or in respect of any Stock in Trade, Money, or Personal Estate, or for or in respect of any publick Building or Buildings, or Places for Religious Worship; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Person »g-shall find him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any such Rate or Rates, fp^aito* Assessment or Assessments, or if any Dispute or Differences shall arise be- Commission tween the several Occupiers of any Messuage, House, Stable, Coach Mee'ingV. [Loc.lA Per.] 12 C House, for holding

’ Appeal«.

1022

Hate to be made for making Avenue* &c.

tVhen Houses aie let in different Apartments, Landlord or First Lessees to pay Hates.

To be iepa5d by the va; ious Occupiers.

Power of recovering Assessments from Persons quitting Premifss, ett.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Warehouse, Malthouse, Granary* BreW-house, or other Building, Yard, or other Thing whatsoever, rated or assessed for the Purposes aforesaid, touching or concerning their respective Proportions of any such Rates or Assessments made by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal to the said Commissioners at their next Meeting for hearing Appeals , and the said Cpijimissioners at such Meeting assembled are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to make Order therein as to them.shall seem meet*

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the opening and making a proper Avenue, Way, and Paffige, from the said Part of the said. Street called Botchtrgale, which lies within the Liberties of the said City, through the Citadel into the City, and of purchasing and taking down the said Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Outhouses, together with Interest for the fame, shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the first Money to be raiffd by virtue of this Act , and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required so soon as conveniently may be after the Commencement of this Act, to cause one or more Rate and Assessment, or Rates and Assessments, to be made upon the Tenants and Occupiers of all and every the several Messuages, Dwelling Houses, or Buildings, Gardens, or other Hereditaments, wirhjri. the the said City of Carlisle and the Suburbs thereof, rateable and assessable by virtue of this Act, in proportion and according to the Rents and Values thereof respectively, and to cause such Rate and Assessment to be collected, gathered, received, levied, and recovered, in like Manner as the other Rates and Assessments are herein mentioned and directed to be levied and recovered.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That where any House or Houses shall be divided into different Stories, Tenements, or Apartments, and shall be let to or occupied or inhabited by Two or mpre Persons or Families, the same shall nevertheless be subject to the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, and the Landlord or First Lessee of any A>ch House or Houses shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, and shall be charged with and liable to pay the said Rates and Duties j and such Landlord or First Lessee shall, upon his paying such Rates and Duties, have Power and Authority to recover, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons inhabiting or occupying any Part or Parts of such Houses, the Sum which such Person is by this Act chargeable with, according to the Amount of the yearly Value of the Part or Parts so occupied by him.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons coming into or occupying any House, Building, or Herediiaments, rated or assessed, or liable to be rated and assessed by virtue of this Act, out of or from which any ocher Person or Persons assessed shall be removed, or which, at the Time of making any Rate in purl'uance of this Act, was empty or unoccupied, that then every Person io removing from, and every Person so coming into or occupying the fame, shall be liable to pay

to

10^3

44° GEORG 11 ‘III. Cap. 58.

to such Rate, in proportion to the Time that such Person occupied the fame respectively, in the same Manner, and under the like Penalty for Non-payment, as if such Person so removing had not removed, or if such Person so coming into and occupying such House, Buildings, or Hereditaments, had been originally rated and assessed in such Rate, which laid Proportion, in case of Dispute concerning the same, shall, by the said Commissioners, be settled and ascertained.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionets shall and they'are hereby authorized and required to give the Collectors of the DayofAp-said Rates or Assessments Notice at what Time and Place the Appeals of P*1-any Person or Persons, who shall think themselves aggrieved by being over-rated by the said Assessors, may be heard and determined, which Day of Appeal so to be appointed by the said Commissioners, shall be within Forty D ys, and not sooner than Fourteen Days, ascer the said Assessment shall be made and allowed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and every such Collector is hereby also required, on the Sunday next after he shall have received such Notice as aforesaid from the Commissioners, to cause publick Notice to be given in the Churches of Saint Mary and Saint Cuthbert in the said City, immediately after Divine Service, of the Time and Place so appointed by the said Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals as aforesaid, which the Clerks of the said Pardh Churches are hereby required to do at the Requell of such Collector or Collectors j and such Collector shall also cause th: like Notice in Writing to be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of the said Parish Churches, on the fame Sunday, that all Persons who shall think themselves over-rated, may know when and where to make their Appeal to the said Corrimissioners; and every Person so intending to appeal to the said Commissioners shall and is hereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to One or more of the said Assessors, of such his Intention to appeal, in order that such Aficflbr or Assessors may then and there attend to juf-tify the said Assessment; and such Assessor or Assessors are hereby required then and there to attend for that Purpose.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Colleaors to Persons, who shall receive any Money by virtue of this Act for the Pur- oath.ntUp0!1 poses aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, and as often as the said Commissioners at any Time assembled shall require, make and render in Writing to such Commissioners, or unto such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account upon Oath (which Oath may be taken in Writing before the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them, who are hereby empowered and required to administer the same) of all Sums of Money by such Person or Persons collected or received, or which shall have been rated and assessed as aforesaid, and not received, and all other Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act, and pay and deliver unto such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners fh.dl direct and appoint, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall remain in his or their Hands at the Time ol such Account; and if such Person or Persons shall refule or neglect to account for and pay such Sum and Sums of Money accordingly, any Two or more of the said Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, rendering the

Overplus

1024-

How the Mollies raised to be applied*

The I>efici-ency how to be supplied*

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Overplus (if any), the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and mak' Ac0t ^c'nS deducted, to tfee Owner; and if sufficient Distress cannot count'nnd " be found, then any Two Justices of the Peace for the said City or County

Payment to be shall and may by virtue of this Act, by Warrant under their Hands and Gaphltted n ^ea*s> commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the said County of Cumberland, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have made a true and perfect Account, and satisfied and paid as much Money as upon the said Account shall be remaining in his or their Hand or Hands, or shall have compounded for the fame with the said Commissioners, which Compofuion the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the Rates and Assessments by this Act herein-before directed to be made and levied, shall be applied to and for the defraying of the Expences of purchasing and setting up a sufficient Number of Lamps for lighting the said Streets and Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said C ty of Carli/le and the Suburbs thereof, and of repairing and maintaining the Lamps so to be erected and set up by virtue of this Act, and for lighting and supplying the fame with all proper Materials, and for the other Purposes in this Act mentioned and expressed.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case there shall be a Deficiency in any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, fotobe made as aforesaid, either by reason of any Messuage, Dwelling House, or Building, Gardens, or other Hereditaments, being unoccupied, or by the Insolvency or Removal of any of the Occupiers, for which or upon whom the said Rates or Assessments are respectively charged, so that the Charges of lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places of the said City of Carli/le and the Suburbs thereof, and other incidental Charges in any One Year cannot be fully satisfied, paid, and discharged in that Year, then such Deficiency shall be supplied by the Assessment for the next succeeding Year, but so as such Assessment shall not exceed in any One Year One Shilling in the Pound as aforesaid; and if at the End of any One Year, and the closing of the Accounts of the said Year, any surplus Money shall happen to be collected by such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be carried on to the next Year’s Credit, and shall be applied for such Uses and in such Manner as the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments therein collected, are by this Act directed to be laid out and applied.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Treasurer and ray Money to Treasurers to be appointed in pursuance of this Act shall, and is and Commissioners are |,ere{jy authorized and required to pay and apply all such Monies as he or they shall respectively receive by virtue hereof, to such Person and Persons, and in such Manner, and at such Time and Times as the said Commissioners from Time to Time, by any Order or Orders under their Hands, shall direct and appoint, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and such Commissioners are hereby empowered to make such Order or Orders accordingly.

Treasurer and

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Collector to they are hereby authorized to take such Security from the Treasurer or S:cun'jr. Treasurers,

Treasurer to

1025

ofrener than Once in Ten Years. Accounts to be m\dc up ar.K Ally.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Treasurers, Co’lector or Collrftors, to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices as to them the Caid Commissioners shall seem meet, such Security to be taken in the Name or Names of such one or more of the said Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of this Act, as they the said Commissioners shall order and appoinr.

Persons not

LIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall of*

be liable to serve the said Office of Collector oftener than Once in Ten Collector Years, unless he or they shall voluntarily accept the fame;

LIV. And be it further enacted, That some Time between the Twen-tv-fourth Day of June and the Twenty-ninth Dav of September in every Year, a fair and just Account shall be made and transcribed of all Monies received and paid by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and how, and to whom, and when, and for what Purpose the fame have been laid out, paid, and expended, a Copy or Duplicate of which Account, signed by the said Commissioners, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the said Commissioners, who shall permit any Person or Persons rated or assessed as aforesaid, to inspect the fame at all reasonable Times, paying One Shilling for such Inspection, and shall, upon Demand, deliver Copies of the fame, or any Part thereof, to such Person or Persons, he, she, or they paying for the same after the Rate of Three-pence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or Iefs Number; which Account, and a Copy, or Duplicate thereof, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to cause to be transcribed, signed, and delivered accordingly.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and CommiflRcmei*

may from Time to Time, and at all Times after the passing of this Act,

direct and order the present or future Pavements of the Footpaths of such betakeR up,

of the Streets and Lanes within the said City of Carlisle and the Suburbs

thereof (except the Footpaths within the Abbty if the said City, and the

Precincts thereof), as the said Commissioners, at any Meeting or Meetings

to be called for that Purpose, shall think proper, to be taken up, and the

laid Footpaths to be raised, lowered, altered, and repaired, or new paved

or to be laid with Flag or broad Paving Stones, as to them shall seem

fit; and the Persons to be appointed by them for the Purposes aforesaid,

shall and have hereby full Power and Authority to do and perform the

Dine; and if any Person shall at any Time wilfully obstruct, hinder, or

molcft, any Surveyor or other Officer, Workman, or Person whomsoever,

employed by virtue of this Act in the Periormance or Execution of his

Dujy or Work, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence

forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds:

Provided always, that the Breadth of the flagged or broad Pavements to breadth of be laid on any of the said Footpaths as aforesaid, shall not exceed in any br5fd Pave-one Place Seven Feet. n.ems.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Ex- Expenc,of prnces incurred, and from Time to Time to be incurred by he laid Com- taingiip mifficners, in taking up, railing, lowering, altering, repairing, or new bowfobepaid! paving, or laying with Flag Stones the said Footpaths as aforesaid, shall be rtimbursed to the said Commissioners in Manner following; (that is to \Loc. & Per.~\ 12 D say),

’I

1026

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

say), that the Proprietor of each Messuage, Tenement, Building, Land, or Ground, shall pay to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint, all Costs and Charges incurred in railing, lowering, altering or repairing, or new paving or flag, ging the Footpath in front of such Messuage, Tenement, Building, Land, or Ground; and in case any Owner or Proprietor of any such Messuage, Tenement, Building, Land, or Ground, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Costs and Charges within One Calendar Month next after Demand made thereof, or by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Surveyor, Clerk, or other Person appointed by the said Commissioners, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling House of such Owner or Proprietor, if residing within the said City of CarUJle or the Suburbs thereof, or in case any such Owner or Proprietor shall neglect to pay such Costs and Charges within the Time aforesaid, and the said Owner or Proprietor shall not reside within the said City of Carljle or Suburbs thereof, then and in either of such Cases the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall be rea imbursed to the said Commissioners, and be paid and payable by the Tenant or Occupier of such Messuage, Tenement, Building, Land, or Ground as aforesaid; and in case any such Tenant or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to pay such Costs, Charges, and Expences, within Fourteen Days after personal Demand made thereof, or Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Surveyor, Clerk, or other Person appointed by the said Commissioners, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling House of such Tenant or Occupier, the same shall and may be levied on every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Carlisle or County of Cumberland, which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to grant upon Information on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal, returning the Overplus (if any), of the Monies raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducing all Costs and Charges attending the fame, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels so distrained, on Demand; and where any House, Shop, Malthouse, Warehouse, Stable, Building, Court Yard, Garden, Land. Tenement, or Hereditament, shall be let or demised to more than One Tenant or Occupier, any One or more of such Tenants or Occupiers shall be deemed the actual Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, for the Purposes last mentioned, and the said Charges shall be levied by Distress and Sale of all or any of the Goods and Chattels on such respective Premises; and in case any Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall remove out of such Messuage, House, Shop, Malt House, Warehouse, Stable, Building, Court Yard, Garden, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, before fuih C-fts and Charges shall be paid by him, her, or them, or if the Goods and Chattels of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall not be fuflkient to defray such Costs and Charges, or if it shall happen that any o( the said Premises shall be untenanted, then and in every such Case such Houf.-s, Shops, M It Houses, Ware-houses, Stables, Buildings, Court Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be ..nd the lame are hereby made a Security (subject to any Mortgage charged thereon), and ch.rgeable with such Coifs and Charges, and the fame (Hall and may be levied by Distress and Sole, by Warrant as aforesaid, of any Goods and Chattels which shall afterwards be found in and upon the respective Premises, or of the Goods and

Chattels

C

t

I

I

0

1

i>

a

1

r.

5

P

in'

it

1

c

to

c

!i

it

1

1027

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Chattels of the Owner or Proprietor the>eof, in case such Owner or Proprietor shall negf ft or rtfufe to pay the fame for the Space of One Calendar Month next after the same shall be demanded of him, her, or them, or by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Surveyor, or Clerk, or other Person, to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Proprietor, in case such Owner or Proprietor shall then reside within, the said City of Cartijle or Suburbs thereof; and in case such Owner or Proprietor shall not relide within the said City of Carlisle or Suburbs thereof, then in case of such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, upon like Notice, all such Charges shall in like Manner be recovered by Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Division, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Owner or Proprietor shall reside, or where such Goods and Chattels shall be found; and it shall be lawful for any Tenant or Occupier who Power for Oc-shall have paid and reimbursed to the said Commissioners such Cods and ^"in Money" Charges as aforesaid, or on whom any such Expeeces shall have been levied, paid by them to retain and deduct out of his or her Rent the Charges and Expences Rfn(ftheir which such Tenant or Occupier shall pay, or have levied upon him or her on any of the Accounts aforesaid and the Owner or Proprietor of such Premises is hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Rtftdue of his or her Rent; and in cale any Tenant or Occupier shall pay, or have levied upon him or her more Money on Account of such new paviDg, amending, or repairing as aforesaid, than shall be due (ram him or her lor the Rent of his or her House, Shop,

Malt House, Warehouse, Stable, Building, Court Yard, Garden, Land,

Tenement, or Hereditament, the Overplus thereof shall and may be levied on the Owner or Proprietor of such respective Premises, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Proprietor, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Division Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Goods or Chattels shall be found, such Owner or Proprietor having refused or neglected to pay the fame for the Space of One Calendar Month after Demand made thereof by such Tenant or Occupier, his or her Attorney or Agent, for that Purpose appointed; and in case it shall happen that any such Owner or Proprietor shall have incafctheTe. no Goods or Chattels, or such Occupier shall not be able to find any nantcmfind Goods or Chattels of such Proprietor, whereof Distress and Sale can be p°0^riaor°f made as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such whereby Dif-Tenant or Occupier, who shall have so paid, or have levied upon him to^'ave any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to commence and pro- an Action at iecuie any Action or Actions at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts Law against of Record, against such Owner or Proprietor for such Sum or Sums of ° ' Money.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, without FootpatilS not the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, make or cause to be altered to be made any Alteration in the Form of any of the Footpaths within sent°f coX" the said City of Car'njle or Suburbs thereof, such Person shall, at his or her missioneu. own Expence, w chin Fourteen Days after Notice given for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or their Clerk or Surveyor, put the Pavemcnr, or Flagging, or Way, which shall have been so altered, into the fame Form and Condition as ic was in before the making of such Alteration; and

in

1028

Footpaths to be swept Three Times a Week.

Annoyances

liow to be prevented.

Commissioners may direct Prosecutions.

Commissioners to purchase Lamps, &c.

Exempting the Dean and Chapter of f 'urltju from the Rales.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

in case of Neglect or Refusal so to do, the said Commissioners shall and may cause the same to be done, and the F.xpence thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the Person who ought to do the fame, to be recovered, in case of Nonpayment on Demand, in like Manner as any Penalty is herein directed to be recovered.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said City of Carlisle and the Suburbs thereof, shall, Three Times in every Week (to wit), on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, between the Hours of Eight and Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of the said respective Days, (crape, sweep, and cleanse the Footway along the Front of their respective Hous-s or Tenements, or cause the lame to be feraped, swept, and cleansed; and in Default thereof shall for every futh Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings nor less than One Shilling.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, run, diive, draw, or place, or cause to be run, driven, drawn, or placed, on any of the said Foot Pavements, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Truck, or any other Carriage whatsoever, or shall roll any Cask for the Space of Ten Yards, or wilfully ride, drive, lead, place, or expose to Sale, any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, or fer, place, or expose to Sale, any Coals, Wood, Timber, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on any of the said Footpaths, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings nor less than Five Shillings.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings may and they are hereby empowered to order and direct Prosecutions against any Person or Persons for any Offence committed against this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion, to purchase, provide, affix, and set up, alter, and take down, or cause to be affixed and fee up, altered, and taken down, such and so many Lamps as they shall from Time to Time find necessary and expedient, in, upon, and from any Dead Walls, and tl e Outside Walls of any House or Building within the said City of Car-lijle or the Suburbs thereof, or in such other Manner, and in such Parts thereof, as ihey shall think proper, making good all such Damages as may at any lime happen to be done thereby.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or be conllrued, deemed, or taken to authorize the said Comnuinoners or their Succcfl rs to txrnife any of the Powers verted in them by this Act, within the Abbey of the said City, and Pre-cinds of the said Abbrv, other wise ihan is herein-after directed, or to make cr levy any Rate or Rates upon the Right Worshipful the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Chu:ch of the said City or their Successors, for or in resptd of Messuages or '! enements situate and being in the Abbey of the said City or the Precincts thereof; but that the ia’d Dean and f 1 Chapter

1029

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Chapter and their Successors shall be Commissioners for executing the Jtveral Clauses, Power-', and Matters herein contained, in respect to the Abbey of the said City, and the Messuages and Hereditaments situate therein or within the Precincts thereof, in case the said Dean and Chapter shall think proper to execute the same.

LXIIF. And be it further enacted, That in rafe the said Dean and Manner of Chapter shall neglect or refuse to execute all or any of the Powers, Clauses, or Mart rs herein contained, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after De-<» and a Notice in Writing, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, Chanter shall shall have been frrved upon or left at the Dwelling House of any Member exf-« ethe of the said Chapter, then in Rtfidence, or served tu-on or left at the Powers vdt«d Dwelling Hou'e of the Receiver or Deputy Receiver of the said Dean and this Act. Chapter, to execute all or any of the Powers hereby vested in the said Dean and Chapter, then and in fu;h Cafe the Commi Aimers herein-before app inted for the Purpose of executing the general Powers of this Act in the said City and the Suburbs thereof, and their Successors, shall make Complaint of such Neglect or Refusal to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Cumberland, giving Fourteen Days previous Notice in Writing to the said Dean and Chapter, to be signed and served as last aforesaid, of their Intention to make such Complaint, and the said Justices at such Session, after hearing both Parties, or upon Proof of such last mentioned Notice having been given, shall hear and determine the Maiter of such Complaint, and if they shall judge the fame Compliant to be reasonable, shall award such Sum or Sums of Money, or Penalty, against the said Dean and Chapter, as to the said Justices shall seem rearonable and suffi-cienc to enforce the due Execution of all or any of the Clauses and Powers directed to be canied into Execution by the said Dean and Chapter, such Sum or Sums of Money, or Penalty or Penalties, to be levied by a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand of any of the said Justices, by Diltrels on the Goods and Chattels of the said Dean and Chapter, and by Sale thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in Ten Days, returning to the said Dean and Chapter the Overplus (if any there shall be), after deducting the said Penalty and Penalties; and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and fuftt Penalty and Penalties when levied, to be paid to the fan! Commissioners, and by them applied for the general Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that ic shall be lawful for the said Dean and Chapter, if they shall think themselves aggrieved by any such Determination of the said Justices, to appeal therefrom, and to remove the Record of any Proceedings thereon by Writ of Certiorari into any of His Maj-fly’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission-CumniHRohrrs to contract with any Person or Persons for a sufficient jf,swte°r1Jf)ve Number of Lamps, neceftaty to fix and fee up in the said City of Car- contract for li/le and the Suburbs thereof, and for Irons, Polls, and other Materials and Ucenfils needful for fixing the fame, from Time to Time, and for providing the fat i Lamps with all Requilues, and for lighting, supporting, attending, and repairing the fame, and also for One or more Fire Engine or Fire Engines, together with a lu.’ficient Number of Leather B ckrts, and other Matters and Thing! relating thereto, as the said Commissioners, assembled at any such Me.-ting, shall think proper; and to [Lot. & Per.] 12 E purchase,

iOjo 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58,

ptirchafe, lease, or agree for a proper and convenient I ioufc or Place for keeping the fame -, and ro make and enter into any such other Contrafts and Agreements as they shall judge expedient and proper to anl'wer the Intents and Purposes of this Act.

Lamps, etc, vestrd in Coir-mi (lionets.

Penalty on Persons wilfully breaking Lamps.

Satisfaction to be made for Damage accidentally done to Lamps.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in all the said Lamps, Lamp Irons, and all other Materials and Furniture thereto belonging or affixed, shall be and is hereby vested in the Lid Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Actions and prosecute Indictments against any Person or Perfms for dealing, taking, or carrying away, breaking, extinguishing, spoiling, or damaging the famej and all and every Person or Persons who shall wilfully or ma-licioudy break, throw down, take away, damage, or spoil any Lamp or Lamps put tip by virtue of this Act, cr extinguish the Lights therein, or wilfully damage the Pods, Irons, or Furniture thereof, or wilfully hinder or obstruct any of the Commissioners or Officers employed in any Manner in the Execution of this Act, every Person or Persons offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, which shall be taken and deemed dif-tindl and separate, shall, upon being convicted thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or his, her, or their own Confession, before any judice of the Peace for the said City of Carlisle or County of Cumberland (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer), shall forfeit for the fird Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Lamp, Lamp Pod, or Lon so broke or damaged; for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Half of which respective Penalties shall go to the Informer, and the other Half to the said Commissioners, to be disposed of and applied as the other Forfeitures are hereby directed to be disposed of and applied; and in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the said Lamps so to be put up as aforesaid, or the Irons, Posts, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately on Demand make Satisfaction for the fame, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Carlisle or County of Cumberland, upon Proof thereof upon Oath as aforesaid (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), of One or more Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties, to award such Sum and Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable; and in case of Refusal or Ncg-led to pay any of the Sums of Money so awarded, within Six Days next after demanded, to cause the fame, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons who shall so have done such Damage, rendering to him, her, or them the Overplus (if any shall be) after deduding the Costs and Charges of such Warrant, and of such Distress and Sale, when demanded j and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or other Sums so awarded as aforesaid shall not forthwith be paid, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be apprehended and carried to the Common Gaol cr House of Cor-

retftion

1031

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

restion for the said County of Cumberland, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, un.

Itfs such Penalties or Damages, and ail reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

LXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Contracts Contraasto entered into by the said Commissioners with any Workmen or other be binding. Person or Persons for any of the Purpol'es of this Act, shall be binding upon such Workmen or other Person or Persons making the same; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained by the Did Commissioners thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof;-and that the Sum of Money requifue far fulfilling the said Contracts according to the true Intent an I Meaning thereof,

shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action against such Contrador or Contractors as aforesaid, making Default in fulfilling his or their said Contract or Contracts; any Law or Ul'age to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all such Damages and Costs as shall be so recovered, shall be applied to the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action, Suir, Aaions,^. or Prosecution, shall be brought by Order of the said Commissioners, or j® thMvrnfe any of them, against any Person or Persons by virtue ( f or in pursuance of the Trea-of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name of their Treasurer surer orclerk* or Clerk on Behalf of the said Commissioners; and no such Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whole Name the same shall be brought, or by the Act of such Person, without the Consent of the said Commissioners; but no such Treasurer or Clerk shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or F.xpences on account thereof, but that all Costs and Expences to be incurred by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them in prosecuting and defending any Action,

Suir, or Prosecution touching the Execution of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the commission-said Commissioners from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be held in *mpt t?<mT pursuance of this Act, to exempt and discharge, at their Discretion, the Rate poor Occupier or Occupiers of any Messuage, House, Stable, Coach House, 5>eIfons-Shop, Cellar, Vaulr, Warehouse, Malthouse, Granary, Brewhouse, of other Building or Hereditament, from the Payment of the Rate or Rates,

Assessment or Affdfments, or any Part thereof, by this Act authorized ro be laid upon such Messuage, House, Stable, Coach House, Shop,

Cellar, Vault, Warehouse, Malthouse, Granary, Brewhouse, or other Building or Hereditament, in case such Occupier or Occupiers shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be deemed unable by reason of his or their Poverty to pay the same.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in ThhAa not this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any way to change, lelfen, abridge, impeach, annul, prejudice, or destroy any Rights, Corpuiation. Privileges, Junfdifttons, Immunities, Rents, Tolls, Stallage, or lawful Customs belonging, doe, or in any wile appertaining to the Mayor,

Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Citizens of the City of Carlisle.

I032 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Penalties how

LXX. And be it further enr.dled, That all the Penalties and For* to beappied. fejtures herein-before mentioned to be recoverable before the said Justices of the Peace, when recovered shall be paid and applied as fellows , (that is to say), One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof into the Hands of the Treasurer, to be laid out and applied to and for such Uses and Purposes as >he said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall under their Hands direct and appoint.

Mayor,etc.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor of the said City determine for the Time bring, or any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace

Otfences for the said City of CarUJle or County of Cumberland, shall and may hear

ayamit this anc] ftetermine any of the Offences which are herein made subjtdl to and punishable by any pecuniary Penalties directed to be levied by this Act, and not herein-before directed to be levied by the said Commissioners; and such Mayor, Justice, or Judies are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information or Con plaint made in that Behalf, within Three Calendar Months next after Inch Offence committed, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witnesses on each Side, and after Oath made of the Commission of any of the Facts above mentioned, by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Warrant or War. rants for the apprehending of the Party or Parties so offending, and upon the Appearante, or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing, without sufficient Excuse having been alleged (upon Proof of Notice given) to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Mayor, or Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administet), and to give Judgement, Sentence, or Determination as shall be just and conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of the said Offence, upon such Information as aforesaid, or on Confession or Non-appearance of the Party accused, such Mayor, Justice, or Justices shall and may issue a Warrant or Warrants for levying the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged, by Distress on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made thereof (in case they shall not be redeemed in Five Days) returning to the Party the Overplus (if any be) after deducting the said Penalty or Penalties, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale-, and in case any Person or Persons shall be convicted in puri'uance of this Act of taking away, breaking, or damaging any Lamp to be hung or set up as aforesaid, or wilfully extinguishing the Light or Lights within the same, or damaging the Irons, Ports, or Furniture thereof, and no Goods or Chattels of any Person so offending can at the Time of such Conviction be found within the said City of CarUJle or County of Cumberland, then and in such Case the said Mayor, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall and may itnpose any Fine or Penalty on such Offender not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings; and in case the same shall nor. be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Conviction, then the said Mayor, or the Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender to the Gaol of the said County, there to be kept for any Time not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be awarded to pay any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction for Damage in carelessly or accidentally breaking, throwing down, or otherwise damaging any of the said Lamps

i°33

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so awardrd within Three Days afier Demind thereof made, then and in such Case the said Mayor, or Justice or Justices, who shall have awarded Satisfaction as aforesaid, shall and may cause the fame, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall have so done such Damage, rendering to him, her, or them the Overplus (jf any) after deducing the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, when demanded-, and in case no sufficient Distress can be found, such Mayor, or Justice or Justices, shall and may, by like Warrant, commit the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the Sum or Sums so awarded, to the said Gaol, for any Time not exceeding the Space of Ten Days, or until he, she, or they shall make such Satisfaction as aforesaid.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize, or be construed, deemed, or taken to authorize the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, other-wile than at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County as herein-before directed, to take Cognizance of any Information or Complaint against the said Dean and Chapter, respecting any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, or to issue any Warrant or Warrants for levying any Penalty on the Goods and Chattels of the said Dean and Chapter, for the Purpose of rnf rcing the Execution of any of the Powers hereby directed to be carried into Execution by the said Dean and Chapter, in any Case where any such Information or Complaint shall be made, in respect of any Act done, omitted, or neglected, or refofed to be done by the said Dean and Chapter within the said Abbey and its Precindfs.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasscts on account of any Deleft or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining-, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Damage in any Action on the Cafe.

LXXIV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings bciore such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, ac any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders, and [_Loe. & Per.~\ 12—11F Judgements

Justices not to take Cognizance of Complaints against the Dean and Chapter b'»t at their Quarter Sessions.

Distress not to be illegal for Want of Form.

Power to tender Amends.

1034

No Conviction to be qnaflieit for W nt of Foam.

Appeal.

Limitation of Actions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58.

Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by fetch Court, as in ’ other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quaffred for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law cr Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act (and for which no particular Method of Relief is herein-before appointed), such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said City of Carlisle, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said City, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, such Appellant or Appellants firtt giving or causing to be given Twenty Days Notice at lealt of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the C use thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within Ten Days next after such Notice given, enter into a Recognizance before One of Elis Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at f such General or Quarter Session, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Session -, and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the enrering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award such Costs to cither Party as they shall think proper; and the Determination of the Justices at such Sessions shall be final and binding upon all Parties.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Commissioners, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, for which such Adrian or Actions, Suit or Suits shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tiied in the County of Cumberland, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and every of them, may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the specia! Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Sait or Suirs shall be so broughr, was dune in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and ir the filid Matter or Thing shall appear to be so done, or if it shall happen tint such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time for that Pur; ole limited, or shall be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Julies shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ther.in; and if a Verdict or Verd.dts shall be found

: lor

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 58. I035"— 943

for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Dif-continuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall Ceils, have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any other Cases in Law.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed publick Act.; and taken to be a Publuk Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

I

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 18C4.

(Lift

dnirij

,.\fl (|.B

i 'SWli s

t jO tJn*5nr

/xza

:. A tidi lo il srii

rt - inoM ? to nui? one bifii

) tefT *oe it

Olgnirt i TO rajisM vmb t»w

ijriT to 1 njftW blt.1

fbie uiphr-ith ngvtg (ne ft to ,1' nh'tbic

, hr£l>rvl.i r>i hr.fij

I

V0| '^UCvAu 0 t}K- l.UltP x |U »»« ^Uii vju. f IMI lM \ BW^E« fit (|tc

*\A\ *n, *$ A*'»t ^H*

- * M —

t ;. *4SSW

\V

s r

?*.i* * .* t|f

i *..}; . V

, , .

t. ,ft I ' ig >u

!§! W i-.:ti^r-«

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

, WI bii3

j , - ..ojivtniA

Cap. 59.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge in the County of TVorcefier to the Parish of Tirley in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle in the said County, to the River Severn.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act fr repairing and amending the several Reads leading *jG.! from tie West End of Upton Bridge in the County of Worcester, to the Parish c/'Tirlcy in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwall in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called the Rid-Green, in the Road to the City of Worcester, and through a Place [Iw. & Per.] 11 G called

946 44° GEORGII III. Cap. $9.

(tiled Roberts-End-Street to Malvern Chafe in the said County of Wor-19 G. 3, cester: And whereas an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year < f the Reign of His present Majgily for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said AcV, and for amending the Road leading frofijfthe White Crof§, in the Parish of Hanley Cajiie in the said CountyTfp t]ie River Severn: And whereas great Progress bath been made i$-putting the said Acts in Execution, and considerable Sums of Money haye heen borrowed, and are now due and owing on the Credit of the<£oJls erjfibg on the said Roads, which Money cannot be paid off, nor can the said TCoads be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: And whereas the Road or Highway leading from the Cross, or Market Place in the Town of Upton-upon-Severn aforesaid, along a Street there called the New Street, to the Turnpike at the Bottom thereof, being of the Length of Two hundred Yards, or thereabouts, is much out of Repair, and cannot be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be a Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of great publick Utility, if Powers were given for amending, improving, and keeping the fame in Repair: Mav it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Tketaid Act* fame, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the

furtherconti- Reign of His late Majesty, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of

nued. except o t o

u. ’ v ' His present Majesty, and each of them respectively, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clanks, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties,) shall be and are hereby further continued, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, and the said Acts, and all the Powers and Provisions therein contained, shall, immediately on the passing of this Act, extend to and be executed as well for the Purpose of amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the feveTal Roads in the said Acts mentioned, as for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the said additional Road herein-before particularly mentioned and described, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said recited Acts, and the several Powers and Provisions therein contained, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and as if the said additional Road had been originally included in, and made Part of the Roads directed to be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by the said Acts, or either of them, but subject r.evertheless to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Act contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and remain subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, and of all Money now due, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said Acts, or either of them, and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. $9.

II. And be it further enacted, That John AJlbury, John Allen, Thomas Bland, Thomas Brockhurst, Thomas Brotkhurst the younger, Thomas Barnes, John Knottefford Barnes, John Bradjlock, Thomas Bund, the Reverend Robert Edmund Baines, the Reverend Robert Blayney, the Reverend Henry Boulter, Thomas Blayney, John Berkeley of Longdon, Thomas Bird, William Boulter, Richard her,bow, John Bellers, Samuel Beale, the Honourable John Somers Coiks, Nicholas Lechmcre Charlton, Edmund Charlton, Francis Charlton, Richard Cocks, Richard Chambers the younger, Richard Clarke, John Cla-rids’e, the Reverend James Commeline, the Re' trend Allen Ciiffe, John Clarke, John Crowe, Thomas Dowdeswell, William Dowdeswell, John Darke, Richard Donovan, the Reverend Thomas Evans Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend Richard Morgan Graves Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend Henry Green, the Reverend Henry Green the younger, John Gajk, Thomas Hcrnyold, Charles liornyold, Thomas HornycJd the younger, Hugh Houston, Robert Harrison, the Reverend Edward Herbert Clerk, Thomas Husband, Benjamin Johnson, the Reverend Robert Jackson Doctor of Laws, William Lygon, Edmund Lecbmert, Anthony Lechmcre, Edmund llungerford Lcchmere, Anthony Berwick Lecbmere, William Beauchamp Lygon, John Reginald Lygon, Henry Beauchamp Lygon, Edward Pindar Lygon, Martin Lucas, Henry Lambert, Wakeman Long, John iVakeman Long, Samuel Lcjfir.giam, Francis Lucy, Wakeman Long the younger, James Laird, the Reverend Robert Lucas Doctor in Divinity, John Matthews, John Miles, James Martin, James Martin the younger,- Joseph Martin, the Reverend Joseph Martin, the Reverend Arthur Onslow Doctor in Divinity, Dean of Wor coffer, the Reverend Richard Francis Onslow, John Parsons, George Perrott, James Paine, the Reverend William Probyn, James A key, George Skey, John Stone, James Skey the younger, Samuel Sandelands, the Reverend Henry Salmon, the Reverend George Turbcrville, John Terrett, John Thackwell the younger, the Honourable John William Ward, Sir Charles Trubjhaw Withers Knight, William Welsh, William Wakeman, William Wrcnford, Ihonuts Wrenford, Francis Welles, Edmund Francis Welles, Thomas Webb, Thomas Webb the younger, William Wall, Samuel Wall the younger, John Williams, Francis Williams, and the Reverend Henry Gorges Dobyns Tate Doctor in Divinity, being qualified, according to the Directions of the first mentioned Act, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees, and shall be joined with the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, any or either of them, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors, shall be and are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees in and by the said former Acts, or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the Trustees appointed or to be elected to put the said former Acts and this Act in Execution, as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Hereford, or for any or either of them, may and they ate hereby authorized and empowered, in all Cases what foe ver, to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in.such Cases where they may be personally interested.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed

in

9+7

Trustees.

Trustees who are in the Commission of the Peace may act as JtiUicet in the Execution «f the Act.

Allowing Exemptions from T o.l

94§ 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, of oh the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Soilage, Compost, or Manures employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pallure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed, or from any Person going to or returning from his or her Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprelTes under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprelTes, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Palfes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall drawing any Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passengeron Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of Shire, to lerve in Parliament for the Counties of Worcester or Gloucester, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day or Days before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act; any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Lime fir Ma- V. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or takrn

emptedfrom" for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, Horses, Oxen, or other

T»U- Cattle employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey,

or returning from carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Lime or Lime Stone, to be used for the Purpose of Manure only; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner, claim and take the Benefit of this Fxemption, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum

not

949

44° GEORGII III. Qap. 59.

not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act; any* Thing in the said former Acts, or either of them, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or m re of them, if they shall find Occasion, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which Meeting Twenty one Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Toll Gates then erected on the said several Roads, and also to be inserted in the Newspapers published at Glocester and Worcester, and severally circulated in the Neighbourhood of Upton-upon-Seycrn aforesaid, specifying the Place where a Toll Gate is intended to be erected,) by an Order under their Hands, to direct and order a Toll Gate to be erected at the Foot of or near to the West Side of the Bridge at Vpton-upon-Severn aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, I.unatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability and Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and wich the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profiis of the said Lands or Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the D'scharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the lame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the likeUles, Crusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons wh6

[Lee. & Per.'] i r H would

Toll Gate may be erected at t Upton-up n-Severn U ridge.

Directing the Application cf Com pen-fa tio>i Money, where exceeding aoo/.

95°

Application of Compensation Money, when left than 100l. and above jo/.

Application where less than jo /.

In case of not making out Titles j

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

44.0 GEORGII ill. Cap. 59,

would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits ofi the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased* taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or' used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy of Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or snore of the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery,

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [defcrtbifig

them],

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empoweied in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonablej and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts far such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Pofiession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Poflef-Con, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason Tiie Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation,- of c^»«rr entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, reasonable to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Expences of Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the said be paid by the Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings* Company. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of

this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands,&c* at ike Time < f such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such PolTef* lion.

95*

fubfaft to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Mi tton or Petition.

xni. And

95a

For paying the Expences of the Acr.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Cuntiiman e of the Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cofis, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or mofe of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the First Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said Acts, shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and that the said Acts and this Act (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before mentioned) shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. x 804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 60.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby, to Kirkby Kendal, and from Highgate to Market Brough, all in the County of Westmorland.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passedinthe First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westrnor-land, through the Township of Orton, to Kirby Kendal, and from Orton to the Turnpike Road near Shap, and from Highgate, near Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirbv Kendal, through the Town of Kirby Stephen to the Town of Market Brough, in tie Jaid County: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution have proceeded in the Execution thereof; for which Purpose they have bor. rowed severalconsiderable Sumsof Money on the Creditof the Tolls thereby granted which are ft ill due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, [Lot. & Per.~] 11I unless

G. j

it O. j.

954-

Acts of i & G. j fur-thtr continued.

Additional Toll to be taken.

General

Ixeraptions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof in some Respects amended, altered, and enlarged, and the Tolls by the said Acts granted increased: May it therctore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's riioft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Erne, That the said recited Acts passed in the First and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Ctaufes, Powers, Authorities, P.oviloes, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules, Remedies, Directions, Payments, Provisioni, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever, therein respectively contained, (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and also except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force and Efrcd, and be executed, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act t but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Additions, and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said formtr Acts, or any or either of them, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of chi* Ad, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or fuch1 Person or1 Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall authorize and appoint, to ask, demand, collect, receive, and take, (in addition to the Tolls authorized by the said Acts, or either of them, to be taken,) the Tolls and Duties following, before any Horse or other Cattle, or any Carriage laden with Coals, shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike Gates or Turnpikes already erected, or hereafter to be erected, upon the said Road } that is to say.

For every Horse or othe- Cattle, or Carriage laden with Coals, puffing. through any such Gate, the Sum of One-penny:

Which said additional Toll shall be and the fame is hereby vested in the said Trufhes; and the same shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, and shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes, as the Tolis and Duties granted by the said Acts are directed to be levied, recovered, and applied; any Thing contained in the said former Acts, or either of them, (exempting such Horses or other Cattle, or Carriages, from the Payment of Toll or Duty), to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggcns, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horfts, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day,~any Scones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other

Materials,

95S

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

Materials, for repairing of the said Roads or any of the Roads, in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie \ or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but pass. ing to be laid of in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Caitt, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been only employed in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Compost, or Manures, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any orher Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes or front any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefics under the Authority of llis Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprcffes, or in returning back from Conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or B iggage; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pat fes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or P-fienger on Horsebatk, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Westmrland, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Pci ions shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that

Application of Compensation where zmountin^ to 200 i.

95$

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affcding other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes , or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Tru(ts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effetfl; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase (ball5:be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Appi'c’>'"n V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Gempensation agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here* is id$ than ditaments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and flui/txceed belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dif-*o/ ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two

hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenemer.tr, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Inf my or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Piivity of the said Accountant General, to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before diiciltd, so far as the Case be ap-

957

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6b.

plicablr, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such

Monry so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall Money 13 left

be lef* than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall than*o/.

be applied to the Ufr of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or

more of them, shall ihmk fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to

his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians Committee or Committees,

to and for the Use-and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled

respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons In e.'.feofnot

to whom any Sum or Sums ot Money shall be awarded for the Purchase oac

of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue or it persons of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or pC shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises; or in case such Per- Money son or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awafdrd tobepaid

as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenemenis, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then subjectsthe and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five court ofth* or more of diem, to order the Sum or Sums ot Money so awarded as afore- chancery, said, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accounrai.t General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the mlubjedt to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the lain Court of Chancery , which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or other-wile, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof in Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable , and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question Where any shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into

the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accouniant t: = Title to’S General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Pur- M->ne^to be chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, Krion who or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends at the Time of £Z.«. Per. J 11 K cr

958

such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled.

Court of Chancery'O direct the Pa> merit of Expenses.

Expencea of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

Continuance of the Actl.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 60.

or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that such other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or tofome Estate or Interest therein.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the Purchase Monty for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Money already collected and received by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or out of the first Monies to be collected or re» ceived by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and as such be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially eading the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, from and afeer the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations and Additions in this Act contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 61.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the Powers of Two Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Westbury, to Latchett's Bridge, near the East End of Market Lavingtoriy and other Roads in the said Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the Second District: therein mentioned.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish 31G.». of Weflbury, in the County of Wilts, to Latchett's Bridge, near the East End cf Market Lavington; and also tie Road leading from Market La-vington Down to the Turnpike Road wear Dewey’s Water; and also the Road leading from Boldborough to Studley Lane End; and also the Road leading from Yarn brook to the Turnpike Road at Melkrtiam, in the said County of Wilts; whereby the several Roads therein particularly mentioned and defenbed were divided into Two Distri&s, and certain Trustees [Lcr. & Per.] 11 L were

I!

II

962 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6r.

were thereby appointed for putting the fame in Execution, as to each 3- District: And whereas an Act was pass.d in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the Paid Act, whereby the Powers and Provisions thereof, and of the said recited Act, were extended to other Roads in the said Act particularly mentioned and described: And whereas the Troftees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts for the said Second District of Roads, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit

! I thereof, with respect to the said Second District, which Money still re-

mains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads comprizing the said Second District be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts, so far as the fatne /espectively relate to the said Second District of Roads, are revived, continued, and enlarged: And whereas the said last-mentioned Act purports to give a Continuation of the Term of the first-mentioned Act for Twenty-one Years in Addition to Five Years presumed to have been granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, commonly called The Publick Turnpike Au v but Doubts have arisen whether such Term of Five Years was so given; and it is conceived that the Term of the said Two Acts (which otherwise would have had Continuance till some Time in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight) is expired: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, revived'and^ anc* £he Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the f further con- Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His Taid late Majesty King George the

tinued. Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and all the Authorities, Powers, Privileges,- Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained, and which were in Force immediately before the Expiration of the said Term (except so much thereof as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed, and except so much thereof as relates to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), so far as the fame relate ro the several Roads declared by she said Acts to comprize the said Second District, (hslll be and are hereby declared to be revived; and the fame, and also this present Act, shall be in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intints and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing in respect of the Roads, or the Tolls of the Roads comprized in the aforesaid Second District, upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, or either of them, as to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed on Account of the said Roads last mentioned, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, or either of them, as relating to those Roads, or for the Purposes of this Act, and for the Interest of such Sums respectively.

Proceedings

fmee the

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Acts, Matters, and

toT/vaiidl*. Things, which, ftnee the Expiration of the Term of the said last recited and indemni- Act, have been done by the said Trustees for the Care of the said Roads, ^rule«efor or any of them, or by any Collector of the Tolls, or other Officer or Person

haviBg acted. L ‘ "j acting

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 61. 963

acting under them, touching or in anywise relating to the amending,' widening, or repairing the said Roads, or in the Exercise or supposed Exercise of any of the Powers or Provisions contained in the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Roads, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all,

Intents and Purposes, as if the Term of the said last recited Act had not expired; and thac the said Trustees, and also the several Collectors of the Tolls, and other Officers and Persons employed by them, are hereby indemnified for having acted in the Collection or Receipt of the said Tolls, or otherwise, relating to the said Roads, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they would have been if the said Acts had remained in full Force and Effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted by the General Exi said recited Acts, or either of them, shall be demanded or taken at any emption,

Gate within the Limits of the said Second District, for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed only in drawing any Cart or Carriage from one Part of such District to another Part thereof, laden with any Dung, Soil, or Compost of any Kind, for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground fttuate within the same, not bought, fold, or disposed of, or carried for the Purpose of being bought, fold, or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof who shall not have bought the fame; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in drawing any Cart or Carriage laden with Dung, Soil, or Compost from any Parts lying without the said District, so as such Horse, Cattle, or Beast be then returning, and have on the Day preceding been subjected to the Payment of the said Tolls; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; nor for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or for any . j

other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; nor for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; nor from any Per-tbn going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be (

buried in any of the said Parishes; nor ffom any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any sick Person, or upon ocher his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetch-

964

Application of Compensation Money when amounting to loo/.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6r,

irtg, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their Maich or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes; nor for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County oiWilts, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any l-’erlon or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the ocher Moiety shall be applied to the sof the said Acts and this Act; any Thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or either of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, or Person or Persons under any other Dif. ability or Incapacity, as in the said firif-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said last-recited Act of the Ninth Vear of His present Majesty's Reign, and this Act, so far as the fame relate to the Second Dif-trid, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profics of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, aftVding the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments standing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes j or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Dirrdion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or-Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood lettled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effed; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Lid Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application theieto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said

Court,

965

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Court, to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mrney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabiiitv or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Commitcee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing un ler their respective Hands') be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court ot Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid out of any Monies arisen or to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them or of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall ref ule to accept the lame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be lo awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found > or if the Person or

[Lac. & Par.] 1i M Persons

Application where the Com pen fa tion Money i* less than zoo I. and more than zo /.

Application where the Money is left than zoU

For paying the Expences of the Act.

In case of not making cut Titles i

or if Persons

cannot be found i

966

Purchase Money to be paid into the bank;

(object to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion v.r Petition.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Mon*y to be p: id, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Pui chafe, shall be de-med entitled theteto according to such Poflef-lion.

The Court may order reasonable Expenses of Purchases to be paid by th

Trustees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 61.

Persons entitled to stich Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sam or Sums of M ney, to awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m'] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall Lem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Prenufes as to the said Court shall feemjuft and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cithiets of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Ertate, Right, or Interest, in any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and difpTed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Porttllion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Inured therein.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

, to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, .... . - - and

F

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6 r. 967

and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Use;, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Porchafcs from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree, for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with any Person or Per-l'ons for any Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, puffing through any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, so that no such Composition shall be made for any Cattle or Carriage travelling for Hire; and all such Composition Money shall be paid One Year in Advance, otherwise such Composition shall be void.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after the Payment of Interest on the several Sums of Money which shall be due on the Credit of the said Roads within such District, and incidental Expences, the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to lay out and expend annually out of To^annuaiiy the Surplus Money arising from the Tolls within the said Second District, for purchasing such Sum as shall be necessary for the purciiafing and procuring of Two Matenalsto Hundred Loads at the lead of Flints, Stones, or other Materials, for the Roads. ' Reparation of the several Roads lying within the Parishes of East La-

1 vington, Great Chevtril, and Little Cheveril, in the said County.

I

[Publick Act.]

1 XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad-

judged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Noiice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without

1 fgecially pleading the lame.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Acts, so far as the fame Term and respectively relate to the said Second District of Road?, shall be and are hereby declared to be revived; and the said Acts, so far as the fame relate respectively to the said Second District of Roads and this Act, shall continue and be in Force, and be executed for the Purpose of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads comprizing the said Second District, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

Trustees empowered to compound for Tolls

Requiring the Trustees to lay out of the Surplus of the

i a Hi

,!; hi I ig V *1 r: is* . , < r!

i . i

V'jj ' . WTl > ,j

i fZZ'Xr ’<0 * v £

YvJ kHE&J :; tff( -.. ', .' . . 1

OT5^ V OMt^: tfV

tfl JEsjffeatK

r.

*j- \»r* j<f 1

, r»H'l v >* »<*'»4

-e»ft ito

O'

u ' *fV3r» bH

X&

;. t , .

’ -'.v* i. . «V" <*- M - ' C J

'>4 ..iV »4> \\ W» i- *S

' K -?' > '< . . u . i\»' t\

- > ;j* r li «»t f&

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

‘d O'. 1 i;! .,..j , I 3 i /

Cap. 61.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the TVillersley Turnpike Road, near Par ton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and TVorcester.

[29th "June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Tmrd, intituled, An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads lead* ing from the Wnierfley Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and from the Turnpike Road on Fair Mile Field, to the Turnpike Road at Broa- Heath, and from the Turnpike Road at or near the Fords Bridge, to the Turnpike Road near Stockton, and from Kyre Common, to the Turnpike Road at Grendon Gceen, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and made great Progress in repairing and improving the said Roads, for which Purpose they have borrowed a \Loc. & Per.2 i1 N considerable

22 G. 3,

97°

Act furtlur continued.

To!l« to be increasetl.

Tolls.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Money {till remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, the Tolls thereby granted increased, ana I'ome of the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Chutes, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties,) shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample a Manner, and as effedoally, to all Intents and Purposes, as' if the said Clauset, Powers, ProVifldns, Exemptions, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions, herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term heteby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said recited Act, or which may become due or be borrowed on the Credit thereof and of this Act, and all Interest due and to grow due for the fame rclptdively.

II. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Act have been found infutficienc for the Purposes thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Tolls shall, on the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, cease, and be no longer paid or payable; and that instead thereof the respective Tolls following shall and may be demanded and taken at each and every Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected by virtue and under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, before any HorLs, Cattle, or Carriages, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast of Burthen, whether laden or unladen, and not drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Ttvo-pence:

For all Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number: And,

For all Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, 'Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

Which said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Trustees jfpr executing the said recited Act and this Act, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, lessened, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, f’roviiipns, Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited

971

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

recited Act, with respect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken on the said Roads.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or to be appointed by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to give Notice in Writing to all Occupiers of Lands adjoining to the said Turnpike Roads, requiring them, within Ten Days from the Date thereof, to remove and carry away from the Sides of the said Roads the Dirt and Soil arising from the paring of their Banks or cleansing of their Ditches, and also the Soil and Dirt to be from Time to Time gathered, collected, feraped, raked, tumped, and taken, from off the said Roads, and laid upon the Sides thereof towards their respective Lands, and all other Filth, Dung, and Rubbish, lying on the Sides of the said Roads adjoining their respective Lands, exclusive of the Statute Duty to be performed by them on the said Roads, and the Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, procuring and paying necessary Workmen or Labourers to load any Cart or other Carriage, which shall be brought by the said Occupiers of Lands to carry off the Soil or Dirt gathered, collected, feraped, raked, tumped, or taken from off the said Roads, and laid upon the Sides thereof as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Occupier or Occupiers of Lands as aforesaid, shall refuse or n eg left well and sufficiently to do and petform all and every, or any or either of the Works, Matters. and Things, to be from Time to Time, and at any Time or Times, required by any such Notice or Notices as aforesaid, by or for the Space of Five Days next after the Expiration of the said Ten Days, it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, having an Order from the said Trustees, to do, perform, and execute, all and every such Works, Matters, and Things, lo refused or neglected to be done by or for the Space of Time last aforesaid } the Charges of all which Work to be done by virtue of this Power, in consequence of such Refusal or Neglect of such Occupiers as aforesaid, to be settled by the said Trustees, shall be reimbursed by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered in such Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Act directed to be recovered.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lonatick,or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in cale the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Coutc ot Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or

Part

Annoyance* to be removed.

Surveyors may remove them, and recover Charge*.

Directing the Application of the Money paid for Compens.ition for Lands, tic. when amount, ing to, or exceeding ioo I.

I

972 4.+° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

Part thereof, as tire said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the ji

fame Lands and Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands and Heredita- fa

ments (landing settled therewith tc the fame or the like Uses, Intents, of g

Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame aI

shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, wind) shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined or capable of taking Lffcdt; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase dull be m.ide, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and m:the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities,

shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Where lef$

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money anTexceedirg so; agreed or awarded robe paid for any Lands or Hereditaments pur-b dialed, taktn, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be kfs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hinds, be paid into tr,e Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High I

Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order (Ji

to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the fame a

shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by k

the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or lie

more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signi- ti

fied in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) a

in order thac such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, pi

yiay be applied in Manner hereinb.fore directed, so far as the Case be fj

applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dirc&iun j

and Approbation of the Court of Chancery. i!

I.' u il ' V ' 1 >.; i

VII. Provided also, and be it further enndted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be leis than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied Op. the Use of the Person or Persons who would (or the Time being have b«n entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Ilcteditaments so e, purchased,

i ' ,

Where iefs than 20/.

r r ttn g a. e- S’ ¥ S S’ si's, a, Sr s -^-Sj g-g b g- 3.,

973

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

put-chafed, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in fcch Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall think fit 5 or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of than, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be foordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, £defiribing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif-position of the said Court, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums ot Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invrfted in the Publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof in Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or aie received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further er.acted, That where any where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be

paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Pnvity of the the Yit.e'to"5’ Accountant General of the Court of C hancery, in pursuance of the said MoJ’e^,0pe recited Act or rhis Act, for the Purciiafe of any Lands or Hereditaments, to,' ’vn.'fiuU* or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in ar.v Lands or Hereditaments b' Polief* to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be Cndi, lu. purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any at the T>me such Bank Annuities, the Person or Pcifuns who shall have been in Possel- chaie^iilau"be (ion of such L,ands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Pu chafe, and deemed trial) Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poffcf-lion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been fuel, poiiti-lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Pof- fiou-lelfion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and all’o the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless ic [Lor. (s’ Per.'] 11 O shall

Money allow, ed for Lands, etc. purchased, how to be clnrged and terule/ed,

974

The Court tnav ord r reasonable Expencis. of Purchnf'es to be paid by th Company.

For paying Expences of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

Term of the Act,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 62.

shall he made appear to the said Court that such PoflefTton was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any D.Lbility or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the Lid Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of any other Lands or Hereditament', to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lid Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together wuh the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trul-tees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, Thit all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of this Act, or out of the full Monies to be raised by virtue of the Lid recited Act and this Act, in prefetence to all other Payments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged,

deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

1

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Act shall, upon the passing of this Act, ceale and determine, and

that the Lid Act (subject to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments herein before mentioned) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QTJADRAGESlMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 63.

An Act for enlarging the Terra and Powers of Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and widen- s ing the Road Jrom the North End cf Old Malton Gate tn the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York, and certain Tolls, Powers, and Authorities, were given and granted for those rurposes: And whereas another Act was made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts into Execution, have borrowed several considera'ole Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which Hill remain due, together with an Arrear of Ihterest, and great ProgreCs has been made in the Repairs of the said Road: But the fame cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Money due and owing as aforesaid be paid off, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls increased, and feme further and other Powers given for those Purposes: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enadltd by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the [Etc. & Per.3 " it P Advice

Sc 16 G. s»

978 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6j.

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the Commencement of this Act, the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Matters, and Things, therein respectively contained, and which are now in force, (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby altered, varied, or repealed), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and that this Act and the Term hereby granted shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Money borrowed and due as aforesaid, and also of all Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or either of them, and this Act, and of all Intertill due and to grow due thereon respectively.

Trustte"*' ]L And be it further enacted, That William Wood Watson, William Middleton, the Reverend Thomai Htrrrifon, the Reverend Robert Harrison, the Reverend Henry Brown, Joseph Rider, Jonathan Briggs, David Priejlman, Henry Harding, Thomas Grayfon, and Roger Dobson, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first-recited Act, shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, and shall have the like Powers for that Purpose as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Meetings of the Trustees for carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, to be held in each Year, shall for the future be held within the Borough of New Malton, and the Town of Pickering, alternately , (that is to lay), all the Meetings, in the Fil'd Year after and to commence from the passing of this Act, shall beheld at New Malton aforesaid, and the Meetings' in the Next succeeding Year shall be held at Pickering aforesaid, and so in every future Year alternately as aforesaid; and the First of the said Meetings so to be held at New Malton aforesaid shall be held on the Fourteenth DayV»ext after the passing of this Act; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them to the contrary hereof notwithstanding; and in case it shall at any Time happen that a sufficient Number or the Trustees to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts, and this Act, shall not meet at the Time and Place for holding any such Meeting, then and in every such Case the Meeting shall be deemed to be adjourned to be held upon the Fourteenth Day then next following at the Place where the fame was to have been holden as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the fevers! Tulls now payable by virtue of the said recited Acts shall cease, determine, and be no longer payable; and that instead thereof the following Tolls shall be

ntw demanded and taken; (that is to say).

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Caravan, or Hearse, drawn by Six or mote Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses, Marcs, Geldings,

- or

t)iredling how and where the Meetings of the Trustees shall beholden.

For difeon-tinuing the present Tolls, and

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 63 97?)

or Muler, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules* the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chaise or Chair, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, drawn by Six Horses,

Oxen, or other Beasts of Draugh', the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Five Oxen, Horses, or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nme-pence Halfpenny; and drawn by Twto Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draughr, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any Ids Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any less Number:

"Which said Tolls hereby granted shall be recovered and applied in like Manner as the Toils by the said first-recited Act granted are authorized and directed to be recovered and applied, and shall be collected at all or any of the Toll Gates now erected or hereafter to be erected upon the said Road, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct $ any Thing in the said Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemption* taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, fl0ra r°llsi or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Road, cr any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road lies, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to-be laid up or placed in the Outhouses cr on the Lands of the Owners; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Plulbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or XVaa tering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authorny to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall d;c and be buried in any of the said Townships or Parishes, or from

any

g8o 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6j.

any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated ‘y or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Beast employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fetlt by legal Pafles, or returning therefrom; or for any Horte, Cattle, or Beast, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of York, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act grhnted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

For repealing

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first-recited respecting" Act as directs the Performance of Six Days Statute Work in every Year statute Work, upon the said Road, by the respective Owners or Occupiers of certain Farms lying within a Place called The Manjhes, within the Parish of Pickering aforesaid, therein mentioned to be in the several Occupations of Marmaduke Hick, Peter Smith, and Thomas Clifford, and as exempts the said Owners and Occupiers from more than the said Six Days Statute or other Work upon the said Road, shall behind is hereby repealed.

feting

VII. Provided always, and lie it further enacted, That the said Truf-’Z;JZ be tees, or any Five,* more of them, shall and are hereby authorized applied out of and directed, from Time to Time, to apply the yearly Sum of One repairing a" hundred Pounds out of the Tolls hereby granted, towards amending and certain Part keeping in Repair such Part of the said Road as lies within and leads of the Road, through the said Place called The Marishes, in Aid of the Statute Duty to be done and performed thereon by the Persons who for the Time being shall by Law be liable to do and perform the fame, which laid Money, so to be applied by the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time be laid out and expended upon the Whole of the fame Part of the said Road, lb as that the respective Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of the Three Farms in the said first recited Act mentioned, to have been, at the Time of the passing thereof, in the several Occupations of Marmaduke Hick, Peter Smith, and Thomas Clifford, may, in the Judgement of the said Trustees, all Circumftatices duly considered, be equally benefited thereby; any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

fhTiuflec»S Vm- And, forasmuch as the said Sum of One hundred Pounds, so «o borrow* as aforesaid directed to be laid out yeady upon and cowards the Repair

of

44° GEORGII lit. Cap. 63,

of that Part of the said Road leading through the Marijbes aforesaid, will not at present be sufficient for the immediate Repair thereof, wherefore it may be necessary that the said Trustees should borrow, to be so applied, the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, or some Part thereof, upon the Credit of the said Tolls; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the said Tolls, in the Manner mentioned in and provided by the said first-recited Act* the Sum of Three hundred Pounds from any Person or Persons who shall be willing to lend such Sum of Money, for the express Purpose of repairing such Part of the said Road, and such Sum of Money when so borrowed, shall be laid out and applied in the immediate Repair of the fame Part of the said Road in such Manner as is herein before last mentioned, and for no other Ufc, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; any Thing in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fumtnary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fameor the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes , or where such Money shall not be so applied then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditament', which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and ca-

Sable of taking Effcdl; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase lall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall [Z.w. £sf Per. J 11 from

98t

Certain Sum of Money on Credit of the Tolls.

Application of Campenfa-tions where exceeding 10c./.

982 44° GEORGII |II. Cap. 63.

from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Compenf'tion agree^ or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Here-duesnotex- ditaments, purchased, taken, or u'.ed, for the Purposes aforesaid, and Within"°r belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dtf-ability or incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commicees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or ocher-wife the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

whe'e^the'

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money is less Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall than xo /. be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the lame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid

to

In ease of not making out Titles

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Sank,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6j. ^83

to be paid into the Bink of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties iiterested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_describing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, f»bjeftt*rhe and Disposition of the Lid Court of Chancery j which said Court of court of '

Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim Chancery, on

to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Coure shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as

shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank afc aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Rffpcftinj1 Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to xuUs'd be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, ac the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Coure of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, u.iltfs it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reafoti Court of of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, ^j"'the W entitled to any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to be purchased Payment of under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase ExPen"*-Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of ocher Lands, Grounds,

or Hereditament, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time

to

984

for paying the Expences of this Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 63.

to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Intend for the fame, shall be paid out of any Money now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees, or out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

[Publick Act.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Term of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty.one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printer* to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 64.

An Act for reviving the Term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His late M jetty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, whereby the several Roads therein described were divided into Two Dif-trids, and the Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the said County of Stafford, is thereby declared to be the First District of the said Roads: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Term granted by the said Acts expired at the End of the last Session of Parliament: And whereas the Trustees appointed by the said recited Acts for putting the fame into [_Loc. if Per.] 11R Execution

}J G.*,

3 G-a.

986

Term and

Powers of the former Acts revived nnd continued.

Trustees, gte. indemnified for having aned since the former /icts expired.

Kew Trustees appointed.

44° GEORGII III. Gap. 64.

Execution within the said First District have made great Progress therein* and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said District, which are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the said Acts be revived and continued for a further Term, and the Powers and Pronfions thereof in respect of the said District altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thac the said recited Acts, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Remedies, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, (except so far as the same are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, or are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act, and also except such of them as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties,) thall, lo far as the lame relate to the said First District of Road, be and are hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect, for and during the Term hereinafter expressed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prelrnt Act; and this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the Lid First District of Road, or that shall hereafter be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

H. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Receipts, Payments of Money, Acts, Matters, and Things, which since the Expiration of the said recited Acts have been had, made, done, executed, authorized, permitted, or suffered by the Trustees for executing the said Acts, or either of them, or by the Leffee or Lessees, Collectors or Receivers of the Tolls thereby granted, or by the Clerk, Treasurer, or any other Officer or Person, touching or in anywise relating to the repairing, widening, or amending the said First District of Road, or any Part thereof, or in the Exercise or Execution of any of the Powers, Provisions, Trusts, or Authorities, in or by the said Acts, or either of them, given or granted, shall be ag valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said recited Acts had continued in full Force and Effect until the Day of the Commencement of this Act; and the said Trusters, and also the several Lessee and Lessees, Collectors, Receivers, Clerk, Treasurer, and other Officers, and all other Persons whomsoever who have acted under the Authority or by the Direction of the said Trustees since the Expiration of the said Acts, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall have so done since the Expiration of the said Acts, in as full, effectual, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they would have been if the said Acts had continued in force until the Day of the Commencement of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Reverent! Frederick Anson, Ralph Adder ley. Thomas Aniii/haw, the Honourable Charles Eagot, the Reverend Hugh Bat lye. Charles

Broadhurst.,

44° GEORG 11 Ilf. Cap. 6 4.

Brtadbtrji, John Broadburjl, Thomas Bainbrigge, Joseph Bainbrigge, Dew-hwjl Bilfborrovi Doctor of Physick, Fioncis Bruckfield, Binffsam the

Younger, 'Thomas Borrow, Borrow, James Beltairs, Henry Browne,

'Thomas Brown, Robert Battellt, Thomas Barber, fames Blair, William Bhtrton, Robert Blurton, John Blurton, Thomas Buckfione, Samuel Bridden, Richard Bridden, Richard Brown, Richard Brown the Younger, the Right Honourable George Augustus Henry Cavendish commonly called Lord George Augvjius Henry Cavendish, William Cavendish, the Honourable Richard Cavendish, the Honourable and Reverend David Curzoti, Daniel Parker Coke, John Crompton, John Crompton the Younger, Edward Coke, John Cox, Thomas Cox, Roger Con, Robert Cheney, the Reverend John Clarke, the Reverend Lawrence Dundas, Henry Cokburne, John Curzon, Fran tit Calvert, the Reverend Charles Benjamin Charlcwood, the Reverend Joseph Clowes, Richard Chamberlain, George Chawntr, John Chatter ton, tht Town Clerk of Derby for the Time being, John Drewry, John Dethick, William Dutsbury, Sn Henry Every Baromt, Edmund Evans, Walter Evans, the Reverend Wtli am Edwards, Nathaniel Edwards, Samuel Fox, Rich rdFo-refier fcnejkr Doctor of Physick, Francis Fox Doctor of Physick, Edward Fox, William Fowler, John Frcfi, the Reverend Thomas Gisborne, John Gijbr.rne, William Bennet Garlike Doctor of Physick, Thomas Gardener, Francis Gresjlcy, John Gamble, Thomas Hart, Thomas Hart the Younger, Thomas Lee Higgot, Robeit Hervey, Thomas Hervey, Enoch Hand, Brian Hodgson, John Heaeoik, Thomas Hunt, John Hunt, John Hunt the Younger, Thomas K. Hall, Joseph Heacoek, Bathe Heathcott, John Harri-fen, John Harrison the Younger, the Reverend Charles Stead Hopei Robert Holden the Younger, Thomas H den, Henry Hadley, Michael Kean, Clement Kmnerjhy, William Jeffery Lockett, Thomas Lowe, Richard Leaper, Lewis Lattuffiere, William Locker, Edward Miller Mundy, Edward Mundy, Francis Noel Clarke Mundy, Francis Mundy, Charles Mundy, Ashton Nicholas Mofi-ley, John Maffey, John Matchett, Francis Meynell, the Reverend Clement' Madefy, John Bailey Madefy, Thomas Madefy, Thomas Mallabor, John Marjton, William Towers Miners, Simon Mountfort, Simon Mount fort the Younger, John Leaper Newton, Robert Newton, William Noble, James Oakes, Henry Orton, Sachiverell Pole, the Reverend Eduard Pole, the Re* verend Henry Peach, Humphry Pipe, John Phillips, John Phillps the Younger, Thomas Phillips, Thomas Pickering, Henry Pilkington,

Rcbinjon Doctor of Physick, Henry Rich ardj on, Samuel Richard [on, Samuel Rowland, John Radford, Francis Radford, James Rawliffbn, John Row-bet bam, Thomas Rowbotham, Anthony Rhudde, Thomas Sheppeard, the Honourable Henry Sedley, George Charles Sedley, William Strutt, George Benson Strutt, Joseph Strutt, William Snowden, William Simp on Doctor of Physick, Edward Sacheverell Sitwell, Thomas Saxclbye, John Sixelbye, Thomas Sale, James Simpson, Robert Simpson, Thomas Ward Swinburne, John Smith, John Smith the Younger, Ch..rles Smyth, Francis Spencer, John Spencer, William Sneed, Ralph Sneyd, Thomas Sneyd, Robert Stone, the Reverend Henry Stokes, ihe Honourable George Talbot, the Reverend Thomas Francis Twigge, James Taylor, the Reverend Henry Thomas, Robert Tunally, Charles Upton, George Walpole, Sir Robert Wilmol Baronet, Sir Robert Wilmot Baronet, of Ofmafton, Robert Wilmot, the Reverend Edward Sacheverell Wilmot, the Reverend John Ward, the Reverent] Richard Rowland Ward, the Reverend Benjamin Ward, Paul Webjler, George Wheel-don, Trevor Wheeler, Roger Warner, Join Wetton, and Harry Yales, shall be added to and joined with the Tiuftce* appointed by or in pursuance

988

AJditional Half Tull granted.

Double Toll oh Sunday.

Additional Half Toll not to be taken from the Inhabitants of DwciriUge.

For allowing certain Exemptions from Toll.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

of the said recited Aers, or either of them, for putting the said recited Acts, so far as relates to the said District of Road, and this present Act into Execution; and the Trustees herein nominated, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said first-recited Act, are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of so much of the said former Acts as relates to the said District of Road, and of this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

IV. And whereas the Tolls by the said recited Acts authorized to be taken on the said First District of Road, have been found insufficient effectually to maintain and repair the fame, and pay the Interest of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, be it theret< re further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, over and above the respective Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, or either of them, One further Half Toll in addition to such respective Tolls, of all Persons who shall pass with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage through any Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and at which a Angle Toll was heretofore payable; and that Double the Tolls imposed by the said recited Acts and this Act shall be demanded and taken for all Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages upon every Sunday in the Year (to be reckoned from Twelve of the Clock in every Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Sunday Night), which said additional Tolls shall be, and the same are hereby verted in the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, and the same shall and may be demanded, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in the same Manner, and to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the said recited Acts is and are mentioned and declared with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or continued within the said District of Road: Provided always, that the additional Half Toll hereby granted shall not be taken from any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the Village of Dovei ridge, for or in rel'pest of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, being nis, her, or their Property, passing or repassing on that Part of the said Road which leads from Dovebridg: to UttoxcUr aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for n pairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road lies; or Hay, Snaw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners-, or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry; or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Water-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 64. 989

!ng Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Miniftcria) Duty on a Sunday, or On any other Day oil which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from convcying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse,

Cart, Cattle, or Beast employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom } or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Eltftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Derby or Stafford, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collu-five Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any DifpUte, Suit, Action, Colleflorimay Prosecution, or Litigation, shall arise touching or in anywise relating to be w,tneffe,« the Tolls, granted or made payable by the said recited Acts and this Act, the Person or Persons appointed or employed to collect the fame, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be, and they and each of them are and is hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, Action,

Prosecution, or Litigation, by Reason of his or their being such Collector or Collectors. ' 5

VII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time bethought Meetingson necessary for the better Execution of the said recited Acts or this Act, that EraerS'nciM* the Trustees should meet before the Time to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, or in case no Adjournment shall have been made as directed

by the said first recited Act, the Person acting as Clerk to the said Trustees upon an Order in Writing, signed by any Five or more of them (although not assembled at a Meeting) mentioning the Time and Place of such Meeting, shall as soon as may be give Notice thereof, by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, and in such Notice appoint a Meeting of the Trustees to be held at such Time and Place as shall be directed by such Order, such Time not being less thin Ten Days after Publication of the said Notice. ar^d all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the Trustees at such [Loc. & Per.~} n S Meetings

99°

No Order of the Xrustees to be revoked, but at a Meeting called for that Purpose, nor unless a greater Nnm* berattendthan made the Or. der, nor if left than Nine attend.

Power to make Footpaths) Penalty on Persons injuringthem, or laying Timber, Duns, He. on the Road, or injuring it in other Instances.

Trustees enabled to take Possession of Toll Houses in the Hands of the Lessees. Farmers, or Collectors of the Tolls,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Determination made by the Trustees at any of their Meetings shall be revoked or altered, unless at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Notice shall be given by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, Fourteen Days at least before such Meeting, signifying the Occasion of such Meeting* nor unkfs a greater Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to revoke and alter the fame than were present when such Order was made, nor then if less than Nine Trustees attend.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, to cause Footpaths or causeways to be made on the Side of the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any such Footpath or Cause* way, or shall drive any Horse, Mule, Afs, Cattle, Beast, Pig or Swine, Cart or other Carriage, or wheel any Wheelbarrow or Hand Cart thereon, or shall wilfully cause any Damage whatsoever to be done thereto, or shall lay, any Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, Compost, Allies, Rubbish, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, or shall obstruct or impede the Passage upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, or shall turn out any Horse, Cow, or other Cattle, Mule, Afs, or Swine, upon the said Road» or any Part thereof, or into any Lane or Highway leading into the fame (except where the said Road, or any Part thereof; passes over any open Common), or without Authority from the Trustees shall dig or break up the Soil or Ground of any Part of the said Road, or ferape or carry off any of the Gravel, Materials, Mud, or Dirt, which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road, every such Person and Persons (had for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Acts, or either of them, directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Tolls arising from all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Distiicl of Road, shall at any Time or Times be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees,

, Farmer or Farmers, to whom the said Tolls shall be respectively demised or let, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Leffte or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Part or Instalment thereof shall be in Arrear and unpaid, for the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Contract or Agreement for letting the fame, or if any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver, who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person who

4+* GEORGII III. Cap. 64. 99*

shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Toll

Houses, with the Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging for the Space of Seven Days next after Demand thereof made in Writing,

signed by r.ny Five of the Trustees, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, and

left at furh Toll House or Toll Houses, then and in any of the said Cases

it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or other Person authorized by Writing under

the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees, with such Assistance

as shall be thought necessary to enter into and upon the Possession of such

Toll House or Toll Houses, and other Buildings and Premises in the

Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found

therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable, and to put the said Trustees,

or any of their Officers, or any other Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in Possession thereof; and on and to vacate

such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Person or Persons employed by or in Possession under them being so put out of Possession as the Toils,

aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more ^"'letthe

of them, if they shall think fir, to vacate and determine the Contraft or

Agreement for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees,

Farmer or Farmers, and the (ante shall accordingly be utterly void to all Intents and1 Purposes, as if such Demile, Contract, or Agreement had never been made (save as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved or made payable); and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, in the same Manner as if no former Demise, Contract, or Agreement had been made or entered into relative to the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Monies shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments pur- ot0^on|P®n^' chafed, raken,or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and ceedingaooA this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation,

Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Monies shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid afftfting the fame Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, or affect* ing other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall nor be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed

992 44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

veved and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, In* trnts, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Account* ant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were - made.

Application

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Compc'nfation & awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments pur-Money is left chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any than aoo/. Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing the said tecired Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Di-rtdion or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

Application

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money p«y'is left than a8rec(^ or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall amount

Zo 1. unto or be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame

shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit j or, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Com-L mittee

993

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

mittee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise Where any touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank 2iii w»chin* of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General ti.eTitieto of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Mo^eyto^be^ Ad, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or ron who shall of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities r.ands,»/r. to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in chafe'(hail* Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of i* deemed such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, 'hereto ac-or under the Possdfion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and cordinz to taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Here- fonh ditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to in case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of ?out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said tecited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case the Person or Persons, to whom any such Sum orif Person* or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or cannot be if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- chafifttonTy ments be not known or discoveredj then and in every such Case it shall to be paid and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of intotheBank* them, to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m]; subject to the Order, Con- subjecttothe Sroul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court the

of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim chancery, on to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Pro- P'11110"* ceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distributian thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and real'onable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums ot Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or j Receipts , [Lee. fc? Ptr.) 11 r for

m

'I'he Coiiit may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustee*.

Trustees may foe ami be filed in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer j

who is to be

reimbursed

Expences.

For paying the Expences of the Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by rea* son of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entiled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful fer the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done against or by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, in the Name either of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be dit continued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer* or by any Act of any such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being of the said Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action or Suit; and every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suie shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed out of the first Money to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Suit, or any Proceeding had thereon, he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable to, by reason of his so being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the passing of this Act, shall be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, as soon as may be, out of the Monies received or to be received or borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act within the said District of Road, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever; and in case any Person or Persons shall advance and pay any Money for the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, such Person or Persons shall be repaid the fame, together with lawful Interest thereon, from the Time of advancing the same.

Publick Act,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed,

and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 64.

such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons, without the fame being specially pleaded.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect on the Day of the passing thereof, and shall continue in force for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

flrtiO 0 thMurJ 10 dw v 1 not mono >d litrif m m 1 m .(gift

‘t)

|91|| if1ft I rt; f*t!

smd

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

k 1 no; i: «, ' ! ' i';

jr:... .'i 3. f ^3 .!« Ifc. «v Ii» <

Lira ajnjiTHUcn i "4 f .£ i- ad t 1 /

!... ix'r< S3T; l.i ^uft O b a:j r.-'i 1 * 1 / *"TJ i,) vt<l"a an :3 :J»i t

t

.1 1. i . ' I I

.’3 Liu.: z: i.

i.

XJ

Cy

' ! ! I t HO

i'-;. > 1: I ol Ut

..u,

r

£ :>o

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII

, >11 ' V t»*t»C* t>V» J»

♦>f 3'v: :,) *J»I W

>,) anvjrfl

m

*«'M*«X*«4HMt* ^'>C* t*

Cap. 65.

*1 P-/ ! <rR

Imu

*J ;'A Miff . t ?y*.t

An A(fl for repealing an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and consolidating into one A 8ly fevera I Acts relating to the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned \ and for granting other Powers for the Amendment and Repair of the said Roads.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing 43 G. j, tie Term, and consolidating into one Act, several Alls relating to tie Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned; whereby so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; and also so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-fevemh Year of His said late Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more efhftual the said Act; and also so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Twenty-fnth Tear of the [Loc. &? Per.] 11 U Reign

i

998

Slid Alt repealed, and this Att to take place instead thereof.

Trusteet.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Reign of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the fame relates to the Dislritls of Roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for altering and ascertaining the Course of the last mentioned District of Road; and also so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said last mentioned Act, and also for repairing the Road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny (Voter, and from thence to or near Loanhead in the County of Stirling, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Falkirk to Kilfyth, as related to the said Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge and Bonny Water, and to or near Loan-head; was repealed: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty have been found in several Refptfts defective and inefficient, and it would tend to the more complete Amendment and Repair of the Roads therein comprized, if the said Act (except so much thereof as repeals the several Acts therein and herein-before mentioned) were wholly repealed, and new and further Powers were granted for the Amendment and Repair of the said Roads: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted -, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (except so much thereof as repeals the several Acts therein and hertin-before mentioned) shall, from and after the Third Wednesday in "July One thousand tight hundred and four, be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall commence and take effect, and shall continue in force and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Puf-pose of making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Roads herein-after mentioned; (that is to lay), the Road from the City of Glasgow to Redburn Bridge and Bonny Water, and from thence to or near Loanhead in the County of Stirling , and the Road from Glasgow by or near Poffil and Balmullie Bridge, to or near the Bridge acrois the River Alander at Langbank Farm, and from thence till it joins the Turnpike Roads from Glasgow to Inchbelly Bridge and to Stratbblane, and for building and repairing the Bridges on the lame; and that this Act, and the Term hereby granted, and all the Tolls hereby author.zed to be collected on the said Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Water, and to or near Loanhead, shall be and are hereby declared to be charged with, and subject to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account thereof, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Monies had been borrowed, and become due and owing on the Credit of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Honourable William Elphin/ione, the Honourable Charles Elpbirstone Fleming, George Smith Writer in Glas-gervb, William Gray of Condor rat, Peter Speirs of Cider euch, "John Dunmore Napier of Ballikinrain, fames Glassford Advocate, "James Finlay of Bog-fide, George Mt/izies Chamberlain to his Grace thy Duke of Monlrofe, fames Duvidson Factor for Sir Archibald Edmonjtone of Duntreath Baronet,

and

4-4° GEORGII III. Cap. 65♦ ^399

and every Person who, after the passing of this Act, shall be infeft and posscffed as Proprietor or Lifrrenter, or by Courtesy in Right of his Wife, of the Dominium Utile of Lands valued in the Cess Books of the respective Counties at One hundred Pounds Scots or upwards of valued Rent, and situated within any one or more of the Parishes under mentioned; videlicet,

Stratbblane, Killeam, Campfte, Baldernock, Kilfyth, and Denny, in the County of Stirling; Easter Kilpatrick, partly in the County of Stirling, and partly in the County of Dumbarton; Kirkintullock and Cumbernauld, in the County of Dumbarton, Barony of Glasgow, and Cadder, in the County of Lanark; and all and every the eldest Sons of such Persons being the Hdrs Apparent of such Property, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads herein-before described; (that is to say), the Road front the City of Glasgow to Redburn Bridge and Bonny Water, and from thenca to or near Loanbead in the County of Stirling, and the Road from Glasgow by or near P/Jfd and Bultnullie Bridge, to or near the Bridge across the River Alander at Langbank Farm, and from thence till it joins the Turnpike Roads from Glasgow to inchbelly Bridge and to Stratbblane, and for building and repairing Bridges on the fame, and for otherwise putting thi*

Act in Execution.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or

any Three or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, to nominate Eit ie. of ceri and appoint as Trustees under this Act, the Factors for the Time being ^>n of Persons infeft and possessed as aforesaid of Lands, valued in the Ce£s p'mtcdTruf.' Books of the said Counties at Four hundred Pounds Scots of Valuation or upwards, and situated within any one or more of the said Parishes, and the Guardians of Minors whoseEftares are so valued and so situated; and also to nominate and appoint other Trustees in the room of such Trustees as may die or refuse to act. Notice of any such intended Nomination and Appointment being always given by Advtrtisement in One Glasgow Newspaper, at least Ten Days previous to such General Meeting.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting Qualification as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be infeft in Pro-rcf Tn,ftces prrty as Proprietor or Liferemer, or by Courtesy in Right of his Wife, of

Lands situated in some one or more of the Parishes aforesaid, valued in the Tax Roll of the said Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, or Lanark, to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Scots, or unless he be possessed of a Personal Estate amounting to Five hundred Pounds Sterling at least; and if any Person or Persons, not qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered, levied, and applied, in such Manner as is herein-after directed; and every Vote given by any such unqualified Person, shall be held as altogether null and void; and in all Cases the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees so qualified, or any Three or more of them, at their First General Meeting which is to be ' held at Glasgow upon the Third Wednesday in July One thousand eight hundred and four, or as toon thereafter as may be convenient, or at any other adjourned or General Meeting as herein-after directed, shall and

may

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

may fix and determine the Repairs necessary to be made on the said Roads and Bridges thereon, and also the Alterations to be made in the Lines of Direction of the said Roads, and otherwise proceed to the Execution of this Act.; and they shall and may alter and erect, or cause to,be altered and erected, any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and also alter and erect, and build such Number of Toll Houses as they, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper, upon or adjoining to the lame, and demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken at each Gate or Turnpike any Sum not exceeding the Tolls and Duties herein-after mentioned, before any Coach or other Carriage, Horses or other Cattle, shall pals through any Gate or Turnpike erected or altered, or to be erected or altered on the said Roads (that is to say),

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calalh or other such Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Sniilings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum ot Two Shillings Sterling:

For every Chaise, Calalh, Chair, or other such Carriage, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling r For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six ot more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five'Shillings Sterling; and drawn by FoUr Horses, Oxen, or ether Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shilhrtgs Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or bther Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by-One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling, except such Carts or Carriages as shall be drawn upon Wheels tho Fellies whereof shall be Six Inches broad at the least, which shall be charged with and pay One Half of the Rates and Duties exigible as aforesaid, unless in the Cafe where such Carriages are drawn by more than Eiglir Horses, in which Cafe such partial Exemption shall cease, and the lull Rates and Duties herein-belore appointed shall be levied and chargeable:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score; and so in proportion for any greater Griefs Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Tei pence Sterling per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or fess Number.

Trustees a«y

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf-treu Suit Bars. tee^ ur any Three or more of them, to erect or cauie to be erected One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the said respective Roads, and across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the fame; and also a Toll House or Toll Houses at each such Gate or Turnpike, and there to take or receive such Tolls or Duties as are by

this

IOOOO

Tolls am! Duties to be levied.

44-° GEORGII HI. Cap. 65. 100it

this Act granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at any such Side Gate shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pass Toll-free through the next Gate or Turnpike, if within Four Miles, on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night: Provided always, that wherever such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, shall be erected on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and across any Lane, Way, or Side Road leading into or out of the fame. One Half at lead of the Tolls and Duties which shall be taken or received at every such Gate or Turnpike shall be annually laid out and applied for the repairing of the respective Way;

Lane, or Side Road, across which such Gate or Turnpike shall be so erected.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby further specially provided, declared, and enacted, That in case the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them,

shall at any Time order and direct different Tolls or Duties to be taken at any of the said Turnpikes, then and in every such Case any Person having paid the Toll or Duty exigible ac any such Side Gate or Turnpike, and gotten a Note or Ticket signifying the Payment thereof, and afterwards passing through any ocher Turnpike within the Distance aforesaid, where any greater Toll or Duty may be exigible than what such Person has already paid at such Side Gate or Turnpike, shall, on producing such Note or Ticket, be exempted only from paying so much of the Toll or Duty exigible at such other Turnpike, as by such Note or Ticket he shall have appeared to have paid at such Side Gate or Turnpike; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls and Duties hereby Toli«, ttr, granted and made payable, and the Right, Interest, and Property of all xruitees.'hC and every Turnpike, Toll House, and Premises, already erected or to be erected by the Authority of this present Act, are and shall be vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, or assigned to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes by this Act directed, the reasonable Charges expended, or that shall be paid in and by reason of the passing of this Act, first deducted; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such other Person or Persons as they, or any Three or more of them, as aforesaid shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, to demand and take the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable.

IX. And, fur the better enabling the said Trustees to erect any new Trustees may Toll Houses that may be thought necessary for collecting the said Tolls, Site i'n^Sle and also Houses for Bridge Keepers, or for keeping up those already Ground for erected; be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of

them, shall be and they are hereby empowered to purchase or to take in Bridge Lease for any Term not exceeding 'J wenty-one Years, such Pieces of K*i>ers Ground for that Purpose as they shall judge most convenient, not exceeding One-fourth Part of an Acre for each Toll House or Bridge Keeper’s House; and in case the Trustees cannot agree with the Proprietor or Op \Loc. Per.3 11 X Occupier

*002

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Occupier for the Price or annual Rent of such Ground, the fame Hull b« fixed and determined in Manner herein-after pointed out.

ties'to be levied ^urt^cr enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall neg-

by iJiitrefs'* left or refuse to pay the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered, by themfclve* or such other Person or Persons as shall be the Collector or Tacksman of the Toll for the Time being, to seize every Horse, Ox, or other Cattle or Carriage, so passing the Toll Bar without Payment, and to detain them till Payment of the Toll Duty, and failing its being paid within Five Days thereafter, to apply to the next Justice of the Peace or other Ma» gistrate within the County, who is hereby authorized to grant a summary Warrant to fell the said Horse or other Cattle or Carriage, at the nearest Village for Payment of the Toll Duty, and all other necessary Charges rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner when required, Inti- mation of the Sale being always made at the said Village Three Hours previous thereto.

Trustees not

XI. Provided always, and be it further eoafled and declared, That if wom *<-~ any person or persons> appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Att as a Trustee or Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit arising ouc of, or by reason of any Tolls or Duties by this Act laid or granted, such Person or Persons shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees from the Time of accepting and during the Enjoyment of such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Trustees, who are or may be in the Commission of the Peace for the said Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Lanark, or any of them, may neverthelds act as Justices of the Peace for the more effectually putting in Execution the several Matters and Powers in this Act mentioned and contained.

Toiitobepaids

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having Oc-nce i Day. casion to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes erected or to be eretted in the said Counties where Tolls or Duties are or shall be taken by virtue of this Act, and who shall return the same Day through the fame Turnpike or Turnpikes before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Coach or Cart, or other Wheel Carriage drawn by the fame Horles, or with the fame Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, shall be liable or compelled to pay the Tolls or Duties more than Once, but shall on Demand be turnished with a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll or Duty, which Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, shall give Access to the said Person or Persons, returning the same Day as aforesaid, to repals the said Turnpike or Turnpikes Toll-free; but in case the lame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, Horse, Afs, or other Bead or Cattle, shall return or pass such Turnpike with a new Loading a second or more Times in the same Day, they shall in that Cafe be subjected to pay the Tolls Time they shall so pass, in the same Manner as for the first Time.

And for preventing Frauds or Abuses in the Payment of the said Duties hereby granted, be it further enacted, That if any Perioa

for each

Penalty on

Person* giving r receiving 1 Oils or

XIV.

Trustees may

act as Justices.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 654 looj

cr Perform having paid the Toll or Duty by this Act impoied, and having Tickets to a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toil

Toll or Duty, shall give or dispose of the lame to any other Person or Persons in order to avoid the Payment of the said Toll or Duty, every such Person so giving, disposing of, or receiving such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, being convicted thereof upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnessts, or otherwise, before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the Paid Counties, or for any other County in which the said Delinquents may reside, shall for every such Offence be liable in a Pe^ naky not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, refuse to pay the Tolls Hoiiei.^rf* and Duties authorized to be levied by this Act, at passing through any Turnpike or Toll Bar, or shall pass through the fame without paying the Tolls and Duties leviable thereat, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, or Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, from any Coach, Chaise, Chair, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calash, br other Carriage, or any Horse or Horses, Ox or Oxen, or other Beaflt or Beasts of Draught, from any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, before the same shall come to any of the Gates or Turnpikes ertfted or to be erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to avoid paying any Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, or shall put or leave in any House or Place any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding,

Mule, or Cattle, chargeable with or liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties, with such Intent as aforesaid, each and every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforelaicf, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered, levied, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded for and in respect: of Carriages, Horses, or Cattle, em- emoted from ployed in carying Materials for making or repairing the Roads, Bridges, Tolls-

and Toll Houses comprized within the Prdvisions of this Act, or Cattle,

Horses, or Carriages, laden or unladen, passing from one Part of a Farm to another Part thereof, or laden with any Implements of Husbandry, or Carriages returning empty after carrying the fame, or carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel, or any Place of religious Worship belonging to or fituared within the Parish where such Person resides, on a Sunday or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within the Parish, or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Pick Person, or upon any other his parochial or ministerial Duty on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for Horses or Cattle going to or returning from their usual Places of Pasture or watering, or going to Smithies for the Purpose of being shoed, or returning therefrom; or for Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails or ExprdTes, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying

1004 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

conveying the fame; nor for the Horses of Officers or Soldieis who are upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any such wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for Carts, or Carriages, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent wirh legal Passes; and ii any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling.

XVII. Provided further and be it enacted, That no Carr, Wain, or other Carriage, loaded with Articles or Commodities exempted, and for which Exemption from Toll Duties as before mentioned is claimed (except Carriages with the Mail, or with the Baggage of Soldiers upon their March) shall exceed One thousand eight hundred Pounds Weight, including the Weight of the Carriage, unless such At tides and Commodities are catried or transported in Carriages whufe Wheels are at least Six Inches broad in the Fellies, otherwise the Owner of such Carriage or Carriages shall lo/e the Benefit of such Exemption, and shall also be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein after directed.

Carriage* exempted re-, ftrifted to 1S00 Pound*

Weight,unless the Whelsare Six inches broad in the Fellies,

Carriages

XVIII. And whereas much Hurt and Damage have been done to the

Pound* °° I*'d Hoads by Carriages of great Weight, the Fellies of the Wheels of Weight to pay which are not broader than the Fellies of the Wheels of ordinary Car. Toll*. i£W»ges, and therefore it is reasonable that such Carriages flrnuld pay a higher

Toll or Duty than other Carriages; be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and after the Commencement of this Act, to levy or cause to be levied, demanded, and taken, at the several Turnpike or Turnpikes. Gate or Gates, \ereded or to be treded on or across the aforesaid Roads, before any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by one or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Bealls of Draught, shall pass through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage, with the Burden or Loading thereof, shall exceed One thousand eight hundred Pounds Weight, and the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall not be of a flat Surface, and nteafure Six Inches in Breadth at least, if drawn by One, and Seven Inches if drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or ocher Beasts of Draught, any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, over and above the Tolls or Duties which the said Trustees are herein-before empowered to levy for such Carriages.

Forertfling

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Machine*. Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to ered and build, or cause to be erected and built, on or across the said Roads, or at such Distance therefrom as shall be thought proper by the said Trustees, Cranes, Machines, or Engines, proper for weighing Carts, Waggons, or Carriages, conveying any Goods, Merchandize, Corn ground or unground. Coal, Limestones for building, or any Thing whatever, and to order and cause all or any of such Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, passing loaded through any such Gate or Gates, or travelling upon any of the said Reads, to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof, and all Persons travelling with such

Carts,

1005

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, shall be obliged to weigh the fame accordingly when required.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three Trustee^may or more of them, ac a General Meeting assembled, are hereby author zed

to let by publick Roup the said Tolls or Duties in Whole or in Parcels, not exceeding from Time to Time during the Continuance of this Act, by Lrafe for any Three 5t’ears* Time not exceeding Three Years at any one Time, for the hightft Rate or Rates they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time give such good and sufficient Security for Payment thereof, as shall be approved of by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said J0"mofficeri,' Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled,

to choose and appoint a fit Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Trca-furers, Collector or Colkftors, and Clerk or Clerks, to the said Trustees, for receiving the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by this Act* and also One or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads or such other Officers as they shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove such Treassurers, Collectors, Clerks, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, and appoint new ones in case of Death or Removal; and all and every Person or Persons, who is or shall be liable by this Act to pay the said Tolls or Duties, is and are hereby required to pay the fame into the Hands of the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, so from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid and the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, at a General Meeting assembled, mail and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the Monies arising from the said Tolls or Duties, to make such Allowance unto their Treasurers, Culleftors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed by them, for and in Co lsideration of the Time and Pains taken in the Execution of the said respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons who shall have been and may be assisting in making and repairing the said Roads as aforesaid, by advancing or laying out any Monies, or otherwise relating the reunto, as unto them shall seem proper, over and above the necessary Disbursements made by them.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three To take Seen-or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to take such Security from their Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors, to be appointed for the '

Purposes of this present Act, for the due Execution of their Offices, as the said Tuftees, or any Three or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, shall think necessary.

XXIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Trustees, Traftenmay as a Body Corporate, may sue or be sued for any Matter or Thing to be fueandbefued done in the Execution of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Trea- ihe'i^oerk'or furt-r for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit wherein the said Treasurer. Trustees shall be concerned as Purluers or Defenders, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, but that the Clerk or Treasurer [Lot. ft? Per.] ii Y to

ioo6

Wo Rffolution of ttieTrullees to be alter d at a fubleouent Meeting, without previous Notice.

No Money to be laid out but by order of Three Trustees at a General Meeting.

Trustees may raise or lower the Tolls.

Trailers may compound with Travellers.

Trustees may, borrow a further Sum of Money.

Application of tite Tolls on the diiferent Roads.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

to the said Trustees for the Time being, shall be deemed to be the Pur-fuer or Utfender (as the Case may be) in every such Attion.

XXIV. Providing and declaring, as it is hereby expressly provided, That no Relolutiun adopted by the Trustees or their said Quorum, at a General Meeting assembled, shall be reviewed, reversed, or altered, by any subsequent Gemral Meeting, except where there is a previous Notice regularly intimated in One or the Glasgow Newspapers, Ten Days prior to the Day of Metting, pointing out such Resolutions of a former General Meeting as are to be taken under Review.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money arising or levied by virtue of chis Act, shall be laid out or expended without the Order of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at a General Metting assembled, or of such Person or Persons as they, or any Thre« or more of them, shall authorize and appoint.

XXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, in a General Meeting assembled, to raise or to lower the Tolls and Duties to be levied and collected in virtue of this Act: Provided always, that the Amount of the same shall not exceed the full Rates and Duties by this Act authorized to be levied and collected.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, or any Three or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to agree by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons, for any reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, to be paid Quarterly in advance from Time to Time, in lieu of the Payment of any of the Tolls and Duties by this Act directed to be paid; and Copies of all such Compositions or Agreements to be made by the said Trustees, shall be entered at Length in the Trustees Sederunt Book, which shall be open to the Perusal of any Person having Interest, at all reasonable Times.

XXVIII. And whereas the Trustees on the aforesaid Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, Bonny Water, and to or near Loan bead, have already borrowed and expended thereon the Sum of Eleven thousand Pound* Sterling, which has proved insufficient for the Purposes of this Act j be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, at any General Meeting assembled, to borrow on the Credit of this Act, for the Purposes of the said Road, and of the Road from Glasgow, by or near PoJJil and Balmullie Bridge, to or near the Bridge across the Alander at Langbank Farm, and from thehce to join the Turnpike Roads from Glasgow to Inchbelly Bridge, and to Sratbblane, any further Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds Sterling per Mile.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That at any General Meeting of the said Trustees that may be held on or before the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight (the Purpose of the said Meeting being specially announced by publick Advertisement

in

ioojj

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

in one of the Glasgow Newspapers, at lead Fourteen Days previous to the said Meeting), it shall be lawful for them, or any Three or more of them, to direct the Tolls arising at the Turnpikes or Toll Bars erected or to be erected on the said Roads, to be applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding of the aforesaid Roads, and towards Payment of the Money borrowed or to be borrowed in virtue of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; and as soon as the same shall be so ad-jofted, the Clerk of the said Trustees is hereby authorized and required to enter and record the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose:

Provided always, that in all Times thereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees, or of any Number of them, to vary or alter the final Determination or Allocation so made.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time the said Truf- If Money be tees, or any Three or more of them, shall pay or cause to be paid off and discharged any Part of the Sums so borrowed or to be borrowed as rowed again, aforesaid, then it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the said Trustees

to borrow other Sums in lieu thereof, equal in Amount to what shall be so paid off as aforesaid, and to burden the said Tolls and Duties with the Payment of the fame: Provided also, that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, of any Three or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled (and they are hereby authorized), to assign and make over the Whole, or such Part of the Tolls and Duties to be levied and collected in Manner aforesaid, as they shall think proper, for a Security or Securities to such Person or Persons as shall have lent or shall lend, or have or shall become Sureties for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money already borrowed or to be borrowed as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Alignments shall be entered and kept by the Treasurer and Clerk, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose: Provided always, that nothing shall be done therein which may prove inconsistent with any Allotment of the Tolls that may have been fixed as before mentioned, at any General Meeting held on or before the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That regular Accounts of all Mo- Accounts to nies received and disbursed, ContTafts and Agreements entered into, and l>ckept-

of every oth-r I'roc-eding of the said Trustees or their legal Quorum aforesaid, in the Execution of this Act, shall be duly entered and tecorded by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Tr.iftces in a Book or Books to be ke' r for that Purnofe, and which Book or Books Ih 11 be open and patenc at all reasonable Times to any of the Trustees, without Fee or Reward.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Forgetting for any Person or Persons whom the said Trustees, or Three or more of M*1*11*18, them, shall appoint, to dig, gather, and carry away any S'ones, Gravel,

Sand, or other Materials (excepting only Timber and Limcftone) from any Grounds they shall think most proper (excepting as af er mentioned) for the Use if the Roads and Bridges aforesaid, and also to provide proper Places adjacent to the said Roads for depositing Materials for repairing the fame; and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to enter any Part of the said Grounds (other than Ground upon which any Houses ' (land.

i oo 8

Notice to he given before Materials are taken.

Value of Grounds damaged, bow to be aicer-tained.

Charges of this Act.

for preventing Timber, &e. being hauled on the Roads, or any Dung, tie. laid thereon.

44* GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

stand, Gardens, Orchards, planted Walk*, Deer Parks, Grounds set apart and used as a Ntrfery for Trees or Pleasure Grounds), unless with the Consent of the Proprietor, and there to dig, gather, and carry away Sand, Scone, Gravel or other Materials (Timber and Limcflone excepted), for making and repairing the Roads and Bridges aforesaid, and for the other Purposrs of this Act, making full and ample Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of the said Grounds for the surface Damage done to him, her, or them, and also for the Value of any Stones that may be taken from Frecftone Quarries, ip ule to be wrought for Sale, the Amount of which shall be ascertained in Manner herein-after mentioned j and that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize or empower any Person or Persons as aforesaid, to dig or carry off any Materials from any Place nearer than Three hundred and fifty Yards to the Mansion House of any Proprietor of a landed Estate, the Valuation of whii h shall exceed One hundred Pounds Scots, or the Rent of which shall exceed One hundred Pounds Sterling annually, without the Consent of the Proprietor thereof.

XXXIII. Provided nevmhelefi, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, until Three Days Notice in W icing shall have been gven to the Proprietors or Occupiers of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Proprietors or Occupiers at their usual Places of Residence.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Owner or Occupier of such Grounds cannot agree with the said Trustees concerning the Amount of Damages done or to be done by digging, gathering, and carrying away any such Stones, Sand, Gravel, or ocher Materials nc-cefiary to be taken for making and repairing the said Roads, the same shall be determined by a Jury, in Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that no Dispute or Difference respecting any of the Matters aforesaid shall in any way flop, delay, or prevent the digging or carrying away of the said Materials.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Costs and Charges expended in and about the procuring or passing this present Act, and all Monies already due or which hereafter shall become due or owing upon Account or by real'on of putting this present Act in Execution in the said Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Lanark, or in prosecuting Offenders against this present Act, shall be paid out of the Monies already collected and borrowed, or to be collected and borrowed, in virtue of this present Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall haul or draw.or cause to be hauled or drawn, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, upon the Surface of the said Roads or shall suffer any Tree, Log, Piece of Timber, or Stone, or other Matter whatsoever, which shall be conveyed upon a Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads; tr shall suffer any Parc of such Loading to project or extend over the Sides of the Carriage , or shall turn a Plough upon any Part of

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

(he said Roads; or shall make any Pits or Holes, or shall wilfully lay down or leave ar.y Carrion, or any Lime, Dung, Rubbish, Carts, Waggons, or Carriages of any Kind, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, all and every person or Persons offending in Manner aforesaid, shall, for each Offence, when convicted thereof in Manner after mentioned, be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, and shall be obliged to fill up the said Pits and Holes , and the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to fell by publick Roup all such Dung, Lime, Wood, Carts, or other Materials or Things aforesaid, as may be found so laid down or left upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, a Warrant for that Purpose being first obtained under the Hand or Hands of any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of any of chc said Counties, and to apply the Proceeds of such Sale irt Payment of the said Penalties and all Expences, rendering the Surplus (if any be), upon Demand, to the Person proving his or her just Right to receive the same.

XXXVII. And be it enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons shall damage, destroy, or injure, any Bridge, or the Parapet Walls, Buildings, or Other Parts of any Bridge, or shall break down or attempt to break down, damage, or destroy, any Turnpike Gate, Post, Chain, Bar, Milestone, or other Work on the aforesaid Roads, or any Toll House thereon, or any Part thereof, or shall threaten, strike, or maltreat, any of the Toll Gatherers appointed as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons of their Families employed in levying the said Tolls and Duties, or shall relcue, or attempt to refeue, any Person guilty of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Person or Persons offending as aforesaid, and being fully con. vkfled thereof (in Manner afteF directed) shall be obliged to indemnify the said Trustees and their Toll Gatherers aforesaid, for all Damages incurred, and shall also for each Offence be fined and amerciated in any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling; and in Default of making Satisfaction for the said Damages, and paying the Fine as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall be imprisoned in the Common Bridewell or Gaol of the County where such Trespass was committed, for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons occupying Lands near to any Turnpikes erected or to be erected in pursuance of this Act, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass. through Che fame, or through any Gate, Paffige, or Way, with any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, or wirh any Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, whereby the Payment of the Toll or Duty by this Act imposed shall be avoided, every such Person so offending, and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Cart or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, or oilier Cattle, being thereof convicted by their own Confession, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or mere of the Justices of the Peace of the said respedivt Count er, orct ar.y other County where the Delinquents reside, shall for tvery loch Offence respectively be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, over and above the Toll.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of any Three or more of the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled.

Of. & Per. J 11 z to

iodq

PunishingPer* tons for destroying the Bridges.Turn. pikes, Mile, (tones, tte.

Penalty on permitting private Passages.

Footpaths to be made and preserved, under a Penalty.

IOIO

Head Ridges 24 Feet in Breadth, to be left alon^ the Sides of the Roads.

Penalty on Persons grazing Horses, etc. on the Sides of the Hoad.

Bi idges and Drains may be erected.

Roads may be widened.

Por altering the Course of the Reads.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

to order Footpaths to be made upon all or any of the Sides of the said Roads, and that where Footpaths are or shall be so made along any Parts of the said Roads, no Person or Persons shall ride or tlrive, or cause any Horse, Cow, or other Cattle, or any Carriage to be rode or driven along the fame, otherwise such Person or Persons shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for each Offence, to be recovtred as herein-afrer directed; and the said Trustees, or their Quorum, shall have full Power to measure the aforesaid Roads, and put in Milestones and erect Ports upon the Sides thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person in ploughing any uninclosed Ground contiguous to any of the said Roads shall always make Head Ridges along the Side of the Roads of the Breadth of Twenty-four Feet at least, and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any of the said Roads shall open inwards to the Fields, otherwise Persons offending therein shall for each Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, to be levied and applied as herein-after directed, besides being obliged to comply with the said Regulations.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall graze, or allow any Horses, Cows, or other Cattle, to graze upon the bides or other Parts of the aforesaid Turnpike Roads, and be legally convicted thereof, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for each Head of Cattle that shall be so found grazing thereon.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, may cause to be built or erected Arches or Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Timber, and may cause to be made Conduits or Drains or other Outlets for Water through any Grounds adjoining to the said Roads; and in all Times subsequent to the making thereof, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to scour and preserve the said Conduits and Drains or other Outlets for Water, without any Impediment whatsoever; and further the said Trustees or their Quorum aforesaid, are hereby empowered to widen the said Roads or any Part or Parts thereof: Provided always, that the same shall not in any Place extend to more than Fifty-five Feet in Width, including the Footpaths and the Ditches or Water Runs at the Side of the Road, and for that Purpose to pull down and demolish any Walls or Fences, or any House or Buildings (the Side Walls of which shall not exceed Eighteen Feet in Height), and to remove any other Obstructions, the said Trustees making batisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers of the Premires aforesaid, for such Damages as may be occasioned by widening any Part of the said Roads, and the Amount of the Damages aforesaid shall be adjusted and determined in Manner herein-afrer directed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at a General Meeting assembled, to order the Course and Direction of the said Roads to be turned, varied, or altered in any Place or Places that they shall judge to be for the Advantage of Travellers, and for that Purpose to order to be taken down and demolished any Walls or Fences, or any Building or Build-

IOII

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

ings, the Side Walls of which shall not exceed Eighteen Feet in Height, and to remove any other Obstructions, the said Trustees making Satisfaction to the Owners or Occupiers respectively, whose Ground of Buildings shall be prejudiced or damaged by such Turning, Variation, or Alteration as aforesaid, and which Damage shall be ascertained in Manner hrretn-after pointed out: Provided always, that in altering or widening the aforesaid Roads, nothing shall be done which may anyways prejudice or damage, without the Content of the Proprietor, any House or Building (except as aforesaid) or any Garden, Orchard, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any Pleasure Ground, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground^ set apart and inClofed as a Nursery for Trees, prior to the passing of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and ifl the Power of the said Trustees, or any Three or more them, at General Meetings assembled, from Time to Time to direct such Parts of the Tolls and Duties by this present Act granted, as they shall think proper not exceeding One-fifth Part of the Annual Produce thereof in any one Year, to be laid out and applied for repairing other Roads branching out of or leading into the aforesaid Roads: Provided always that no Money shall in any case be allowed for such branching Roads, unless at a General Meeting, called by Advertisement in One of the Glasgow Newspapers, Ten Days before the Day of Meeting, in which Advertisement it shall be Rated that a Proposal for granting such Allowance is to be laid before the Meeting.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That when any Passage for Cattle or Carriages across the Sides of any of the aforesaid Roads, is made for the Conveniency of the Owner or Occupier of the Ground through which they pass, the said Owner or Occupier shall always cover the Ditches or Drains on the Sides of such Roads across which the said Passage is made, with sufficient Stones, in such a Manner as that the Course of the Water in the Drains may not be interrupted, or the Roads thereby prejudiced: Provided always, that no Owner or Occupier of Land shall turn any Water Upon the Side of any of the said Roads nor conduct any Water across any of the said Roads for the meliorating of Fields, or other Purposes, until the Consent in Writing of Three or more of the said Trustees shall have been previously applied for and obtained; and every such Owner or Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water across the Road in a covered Drain, of such Deptn and Construction as that the Water may not prejudice the Road; and every Person offending, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said respective Counties, shall for every such Offence be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, btfides the Expence of restoring the Road to its former State.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or their Quorum, shall be and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Hufbartds, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to fell,

Certain Portion of the Toll* may be applied in repairing branching Roads.

PalTagej into the Road to be covered.

Trust.cs empowered to purchase and Prop, istors required to lell Lands and Houses for the Purposes of this Att.

1012

Lands and

Houses veiled in tlieTniflce.

Money paid for Lands to be laid out to the fucr Ulei.

44° GEORGII ill. Cap. 65.

and convey all such Land or Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the said Roadr, or any of them, and erecting any Toll Bar or Toll House or Bridge Keeper’s House thereon, or for Boring Materials or other wise, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act, upon such Satisfaction being made to the Proprietor or Proprietors, and O.xupier or Occupiers, as can be agreed upon by and between the said Trustees and such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers; and in the Event that they cannot agree, then upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall he awarded by a j ury of Fifteen Persons, summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of any of the said Counties within which such Lands or Houses shall be situated, in such Manner as Juries are summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, whose Determination is hereby declared to be final, without being subject to Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction; and in the Event that such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; buc in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and on the other Hand if the said Jury shall award the Sum so offered by the said Trustees, or a less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Per-fl.n or Persons shall by reason of Absence be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees: Provided also, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Land or Houses such Sum as the said Trustees, or their Quorum, shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses, for the Purposes of this Act, and no Stop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees on Pretence of settling the said Damages or that they have not been satisfied and paid,

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Lands and Houses which may be acquired by the said Trustees, in pursuance of this Act, shall be verted in the said Trustees by the simple Discharge for the agreed Price or apprized Value thereof, or by Consignation of the said Price or Value (in case of the Absence or Relufal of the Person or Persons entitled thereto) in the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank thereof, for the Use and Behoof of such Person or Persons, and ir shall be sufficient to record the Discharge or the Voucher of Consignatkn in the Sheriff Court Books of any of the said Counties respectively, wherein such Land or Houses shall be situated; whereupon the Trustees shall be entirled to take and use the said Lands and Houses, and shall hold the same as validly and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the respective Owners thereof had executed in rheir Favour regular Dilpositions of the fame, and lnfeftments had followed thereupon.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Prices or Values agreed to be paid for Grounds or orher Property taken for any of the Purposes of this Act, which shall be held under Entail, or shall be

burthened

ioi3

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

burthened with Annuities, Liferents, Jointures, or other temporary Rights whatsoever, shall be invested, laid out, and secured, to the fame Series of Heirs, and to the Use;, Intents, or Purposes to which the Grounds or other Property flood settled and secured by and under the Diieftion of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of tire Sheriffs l>pu-e of the Counties of Sti/ling, Dumbarton, or Lanark (as the J.irifdiction may be) for the Time being, in case the Parties concerned shall not agree upon the Manner or Security in or upon which the fame ought to be settled, invested, or secured.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, por-chrded, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail or are subject to Liferents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Iifant, Lunatick, or P.-rfon or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank < f Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applie 1, under thr Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to bt signified by an Order made t p in a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Wav, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court Ih.ill authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or aff sting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (funding settled therewith, to the Jame or the like Use?, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Mont y shall not be lo applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and lettled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the M. Adages, Lands, Tenement?, and Hereditament?, which shall be so purchased, t-ken, or used as aforesaid, flood ieuled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or uled, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, ihen and in all such Cales the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons (or the Time be.ng [Lcr. fc? Per.'} it A . entitled

Application of Cotnptnfiu tion when exceeding 100l.

Application whe.e Money does not ?mo nt to 200l. and (h. U exceed xo /

1014

Application where the Money is less than z0 /

In care of not making out Titles,

or if Persons onnot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments io purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in ra'e of Infancy or Lunacy, to he signtfird in Writing under their respective Hands, under the I k - Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Bank', and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Minner herein-before Hired.d or otherwise, the lame shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, t > be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be figr.ified in Writing, tinder the Hands of the nominating anti approving Parties), in ortier that such Principal Money, and the littered anting thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

LI. Provided also, anti be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be h-fs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame (h d! be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue cf this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satbfadion of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money dull be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Perfcr.s entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the Lid Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties intruded in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments' [deferring subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofuion of the Court of STfion; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by I etition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the publick Funds, and to order Didnbution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Edate or Estates, Title or Intered of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jud and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

4f6 GEORGII III. Cap. 6$. 1015

LIII. And be it further enacted, Tlint where any Ctueftion shall arise ^Tiettion'shall touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid i ito the said jnie touch'-3 Banks, in pursuance of this Act, fur the Purchase of any Messuages, "g such Mo. Buildings, Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Eft.ue, Right, in'poifcu or Interest in any Messuage-, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or H redira- lion of the menrs to be parch ifed in pursuanc- thereof, the Person or Persons who ^" the Thmeof shall have been in Poflrflion of such Messuages, Buddings, Land -, Tene- lucii Pnrchaie, ments, or H.-reditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such thereto. Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully en-

titled to such Messuage', Building', Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said C urt that such PoflelTion was a wrongful Post’cfliun, and that fume other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to tome Estate or Intel eft therein.

LIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by rea- The Court son of any Disabihty or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpora- pt!°«Iof tion, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Heredita- Purchases to ments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase bePau1-Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks,

and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like LPes, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustee', who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall dirtft.

L.V. And be it further enacted, That no Houses or Buildings of any Balding* Description, other than a Wall for the Purpose of Inclosure not exceeding xrfty Feetm Ten Feet in Height, to be erected near the Sides of any of the Roads tn,mi he.Mid-comprized within the Provisions of this Act shall be built within the jJJ' ^tu'he’ Distance of Thi ty Feet from the Middle of any Part of the said Roads, pu led down, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for every Offence, and the F.xpence of demolishing such House or Building j and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to (top the Erection of every such House or Buildings which shall be within the said Distance from the Middle of the said Roads-, and if any Building shall be erected hereafter within the Distance aforesaid, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon Application made to him or them by any One Trustee, and upon Proof being adduced that the said Building is within the Distance aforesaid, may order such Building to be pulled down and removed at the Expence of the Ereftor, or of the Proprietor of the Ground on which the fame (lands, and may grant Warrant for levying and recovering the said Penalty and Expences as aforesaid.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

I.VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Hedges growing upon the Sides of any Part of the said Roads, shall be lopped and k; pt at a Height not exceeding Five Feet from the Root of the said Hedges; and in like M.inner all and every Tree or Trees growing upon the Sides of the said Roads, and which shall overhang the fame, shall have such Branches lopped and cut off; and in case the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Land upon which such Hedees or Trees grow, shall delay or refuse (when required upon Three Weeks Notice given to the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her, or their usual Place of Residence, at any Time between the First Day of October, and the la(l Day of April), lo to lop and cut the fame, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and their Managers are hereby authorized and empowered immediately after the Expiration of the said Three Weeks, to lop, prune, or cut the fame, as the Calc may require, and the Expence attending the same shall be levied on the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, so rtfufing or delaying as aforesaid, in the same Manner as the other Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this present Act.

ad'o^rnin^

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three andcalHnf or more of them, at their First General Meeting aftemtfted, may adjourn,

Meetings. and afterwards from Time to Time adjourn, to meet at such Times and

at such Places as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at ihe last Meeting assembled, shall think proper, without Prejudice to their Meeting at other Times at the fame or other Places if necessary, previous Intimation thereof being made once at lead in one of the Glagovt Newspapers, Ten Days previous to the Day fixed for such Meeting; nd in case Three Trustees shall not assemble at any Meeting, the Tiufter or Trustees actually assembled shall have Power to adjourn, though not to do any other Business relative to the Trust.

whatNum-

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases, except where herein otherwise expressly provided. Three or more of the said Trustees a Quorum'U C shall be a Quorum, and when assembled, shall be held to conftnute a General Meeting.

For Recovery

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all Offences of Penalties. committccj against, and Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall, unless herein otherwise directed, be sued for and recovered by an Action for that Purpose, at the Instance of any one of the said Trustees, or of their Treasurers, Collectors, Clerks, Surveyors, or Tacksmen of the Tolls, before any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the Counties aforesaid (according as such Offences may have been committed) who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the fame, and to fine or amerciate the Offender or Offenders, when convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by Confession or otherwise, in any Sum not exceeding the Penalties by this Act imposed; and (unless herein otherwise ordered) that one Moiety of all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred as aforesaid shall belong to the Informer or Perfor. suing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof be laid out upon the Roads hereby made Turnpike; and

I0l6

For lopping Hedges and Trees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

all Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act, shall be payable over and above all necessary Expences incurred in prosecuting for the same.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, if not hereby directed to be otherwise levied, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of any one or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall reside, in the Option of the Trustees, or of the Person or Persons authorized to levy such Distress; and the Persons distraining such Goods and Chattels are hereby authorized and empowered, after the Space of Three Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, to fell the Goods so distrained by publick Roup, at the nearest Turnpike or Toll House to the Place where such Distress shall be made, and return the Overplus Money (if any) upon Demand, to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Penalties and Forfeitures, with all Expences, shall be deducted and paid; and where the Officers shall report that sufficient Effects for Distress cannot be found, and the Money due shall not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace for the County wherein the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall reside, to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless the said Penalties, Forfeitures, and all Expences, be sooner paid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves, aggrieved by any Order, Sentence, or other Proceedings of the said Trustees, or by the Order or Sentence of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace not assembled in Quarter Sessions, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace of any of the said Counties, at the first General Quarter Sessions thereafter, at which not fewer than Three Justices shall be present; and such Appeal shall be lodged within Six Days after the Sentence complained of, and Notice thereof shall be given to thfc Defendant in Writing by the Person or Persons so appealing, within Three Days after such Appeal is lodged, and within Five Days after such Notice the said Appellant or Appellants shall lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Justices a Bond signed by him^ her, or them (as the Case may be) with Two sufficient Sureties, obliging him, her, or them to prosecute such Appeal, and in case such Appeal shall be disallowed,to pay such Costs and Charges as may be awarded; and the said Justices at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the fame; and the Judgement and Sentence of the said Justices shall be final and condusive, and shall not be subject to Advocation, nor to any Suspension, Reduction, Appeal, or other Stay of Execution.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Information, Suit, and Action, for any and every of the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be brought within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Fast or Trespass was done or committed, and not afterwards.

ia B

IOI7

Penalties how to be levied.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to tb« Quarter Sessions.

Limitation of Ail ions.

[Loc. &T Per. J

ioi8

Continmnce of the Act.

Publick, Act.

xf (

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 65.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effed from and after the passing thereof, and shall endure and continue for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then nextSedion of Parliament , and that this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act, and shall be iiidieially noticed as such, by all Judges* Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

V- ' >* v. :isn't t.j f;0 v.-i *>i.

—5=

LONDON: Printed by George'Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804,

lidT n> 3ki: 1:0'. fstean trfu I'.vO odt nif.j i /.bcnf:.

(n« ifcoo!) ibi 1 1 > mticO id Ihttlliiu A;,;:

01!Ml «,*.& . . I iii:'1 .5

"iv/d: :r.i ton, ji*-"-.*f»

y noo'J 3f)J i 'J.-t C1 io s-'

rt- . O

1.. .1 f. A

1 - 4r\.

7. a: i ifi.no V

' i

9.P "1 M>» ,

: -3 r

dwwj if- h

i, jV-Nt'f'i i’r >dj, >i

: riT ! ’ Cl -

idJI ji.il i<] H ' benrrr.fi.

I. I'i'.nHiv ill ' !n‘ !w; 3-3 '

..-rciu-l bn. , .1 vj . i 1 > a»>i ti !r r

r . ;r

vn ' 00 c.l '

Ott/l

JCjbw

'> iliuJL hi

., f)i8 i.

.. n >i )h h Haiti

rf |; 1-0 1'

ga. t-: tJ Vi ,* .... ’

’% Mjtf'oJ »<: ij. { 9 r;

- <*>:.H’" *. vs. r. d

,. y*S I j Vf,. > . 4 ' 4

m*»- 3 . tttvr t

-1 i. i i ..c; 1

4cr. T, .'(if

1; n.dt «imi; ..,3, %. !*n

n> , J, *r7f.‘Vrt t. 1 Hi

‘ i#i i \

' "f

ItlfeltS) fc- Vi jidtiMi ffltwrtliftrt I

.1; f, XtI /: lit tf- J -.tigs! ,

flrfiinnu

"..‘I 3TJ:

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*1(*-*- fi!5i*l*

Cap. 66.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough in the County of Leicester to the City of Coventry.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Georg! the Second, intituled. 18 Gi An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry: And whereas an 19 G-Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging tr.e Powers of the said Act: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution have proceeded in the Execution thereof, for which Purpose they have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolis thereby granted, which {till remains due and unpaid, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be furthtr continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof in some Respects amended, altered, and enlarged: May it therefore please [Lee. (A Per.] 12 C Your

1022

i% G. j. & 19 G. 3. further continued.

Additional

Trulteej.

Sorveyors to get Materials.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Penalties, Exemptions, Forfeitures, Remedies, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever, therein respectively contained (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and also except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied or altered) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Additions, and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, or any or either of them, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Honourable Berkeley Craven,

‘Thomas Jelf Powys, William French Major, Edmund French Major, Robert Coleman, John Nethercoat, Charles Bojworth, George Turvill the younger, George Payne, George Marriott, Christopher Saverland, Henry Grimes, William Chandler, the Reverend Pearce, the Reverend Wil-

liam Graham, the Reverend Robert Marriott, George Wartnaby, Henry Shut-tleworlh, John Wartnaby, John Lucas, William Lucas, Thomas Lucas, John Adcock the younger, James Woodhouse, George Burrows, William Paddy, George Smith, Richard Chettele Smith, John Compton, Samuel Cooke the younger, Samuel Warden, John Warden, Edward Power, Thomas , /rncld, Harry Bryerly, Thomas Congreve, Miller, and John Watts,

(being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act) shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees, and shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them; and that the Trustees herein-before named are hereby empowered to put the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees in and by the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to dig, cut, gather, and carry away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Stones, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, in, upon, out of, and from any River or Brook, or any Waste or Common Ground in any Parish, Town, Hamlet, Liberty, or Place, in which any Part of the said Road doth lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Town, Hamlet, Liberty, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons, filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from which such Materials as aforesaid shall be digged, gathered, or taken, or fencing off the fame,

so

1023

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

(o as such Pits be not dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if (Quantities of Materials proper and sufficient for repairing the said Road cannot be found in such Rivers or Brooks, or in or upon such Waste or Common Grounds, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to dig, cut, gather, and carry away any such Materials in, upon, out of, from, through, and over the several Grounds of any Person or Persons foot being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, or Park, planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to, or Suite of any House, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground fee apart or uied as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees) paying such Rates for such Materials, and for the Damages done to the Owners and Occupiers of the respective Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, cut, gathered, or taken away, and over which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same, the Jul-tices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions for the County wherein such Lands respectively lie, or at their Second General Quarter Sessions at the farthest, shall hear, afiefs, and finally determine the lame; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or u(ed, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts *eV°wiiere or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corpo- amounting ration, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any to I0C ' other Disability or Incapacity, a= in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed ro his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall he applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or toward the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments standingfettled therewith, to the (amc or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be (o applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name,

in

1024

Application where the Money does not amount to 200l. and shall exceed

2C /.

Application where the Money is less than 20/.

In case of not making out Titles, tu. Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank'subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities-, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided all'o, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, fi r the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall rtfufe to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannoc be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenement;, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then

and

1 02

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

*nd in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustens, or any Five or more of them, to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Cred t of the Parties interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_describing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which laid Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or P tition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof in Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premise< as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable} and the Cashier or Ca/hiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question Whtr? any shall arile touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into ^toachi'n'r the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Account- the Title io ° ant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Mu'heper-Purchasenf any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,or of any Estate, Right, ton in Poffcf. or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in Ipj'neVf Pur-pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or to any Bank Annui- chnfe deemed ties to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of e,ltule<i-any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in PoflV/fion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Ptrl'ons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Pufftflion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or In-tertft of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Caphal of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unk-fs it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Poffdlion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the reaiona ie Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the Purchase Money

for the fame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, the'rruiUes. and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to befeuied to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said re-[£»r. fcf iVr.J ii D cited

The Court of Chancery may order

’I

*026 44.* GEORGII III. Cap. 66.

cited Acts or of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Ccurt shall deem real'onable, to be paid by the said Trullees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, who shall irom Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as ihe laid Court shall direct.

MwAct* Cf ’r ^urt^er ena$ed» That all Charges and F.xpences incident

to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Money already collected and received by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or out of the first Monies to be collected or re. ceived by virtue of tire said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

Fubli;k Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and as such be judicially taken No* tice of by all Judges, Justices, and Other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject.to the Alterations and Additions in this Act contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Tetm of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

= - —.... -........1 ----- " —

EONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the Kang’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 67.

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving the Road leading from the Market Place in Cromford, to the Five Lane Ends at the Guide Post on Hopton Moor; and for setting out and making Two new Roads branching from the said Road, One up the Valley by Grange Mill to Nevohaven HouJ'e, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of JVirksworth, all in the County of Derby.

[29th June 1804..]

WHEREAS the Road leading from the Marketplace in Cromford, in the Parish of lEir/i/worth and County of Derby, towards Bonsall, f far as where the lame adjoins a certain Road lately made by Philip Cell Esquire, deceased, and also the said Road, from the said Bonsall Road, so far as the Guide Post at the Five Lane Endi on Hopton Moor, are in a ruinous State and Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages: And whereas if Two new Branches of Road were fee out and made from the said Road lately made by the said Philip Gell, the one up the Valley between the Griffe and lilt, by Grange Mill, to the Turnpike Road leading from Nottingham to Ntwhavtn, in the Parish of Hartingtrn and County of Derby, [Lot. Isf Per.] 12 E and

1030

Trustees.

Election of new Trustees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

and to join such Turnpike Road near Pike Hall, and the other from near the said Valley to Wirksworth aforesaid, the fame would be of great publick Benefit'; but the said first-mentioned Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, altered, and improved, by the ordinary Course of Law, nor the said new Branches of Road made, without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable George Augustus Henry Cavendish, commonly called Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Richard Arkwright, Richard Arkwright the younger, Peter Arkwright, Robert Alsop, Robert Alsop of Stainlborough, John Blackwall, Robert Blackmail, John Brownjon, Joftab Banks, John Briddon, Samuel Briddon, George Banks, Hugh Bateman, William Brittlebank, Ebenezer Bowman, John Blore, Walter Buxton, William Cavendish, John Chaloner Clerk, John Crujo, Daniel Cantrell, John Dakin, William Etches, Cornelius Flint, Thomas Finney, William Fidler, Thomas Fogg, Philip Geil of Hopton, Philip Gell of Wirkfworch, William Cell, Robert Greville Clerk, Anthony Goodwin, Francis Green Goodwin, Joshua Gregory, David Gregory, Richard Gregory, Joseph Gould, Richard Gould, William Gould, George Williamson Greaves, Francis Hurt, Charles Hurt, John Heaton, Stephen Hall, Thomas Hall, Benjamin Hope Clerk, Nathan Hubberjly Clerk, George llodgkinjon, Thomas John Jon, Rickards lnce, Henry Jones, Thomas Knowlton, Edward Leacrojt, Robert Lowe, William Longsdon, James Longs-don, John Leedham, Thomas Lomas the younger, William Lane, John Malkin, Stephen Melland, Francis Melland, Robert Millington, Stephen Marfden, John Milward, James Norman, Ellis Needham, John Nultall, George Nut tall, William Normanjha, John Palfreman, George Ptarfon, Richard Smith Clerk, James Swettenham, Joseph Smedley, Robert SimpJon, John Sleigh, Bache Thornhill, Henry Bache Thornhill, John Toplis, George Toplis, Ralph Toplis the younger, Charles Wright, William Wright, John Webjler, George Webjler, George Webjler the younger, Adam Wolley, Henry Woolley, John Wain, Luke Wild, Thomas Wild, Isaac Wheeldon the younger, John Wright, John Williamson, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for making, amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads herein-before described, and for putting this Act into Execution; and that when and as often as any of the Trustees herein-before named, or to be defied in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under their Hands refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees from Time to Time to elect some fit Person to be a Trustee in the room of every Trustee dying or refusing to act as aforesaid, (Ten Days publick Notice of the Meeting for every such Election being given in some Newspaper published or circulated in the said County, and also upon the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then standing upon or across the said Roads); and every Person who shall be so elected a Trustee, shall be joined with the surviving or remaining Trustees, and is hereby empowered to act in die Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

44° GEORGGII III. Cap. 67.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall p?, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, of the clear annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person having such an Estate ojf the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of a Personal Efface, or seised and possessed of Real and Personal Estates together to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, and if any Person (not being so qualified) shall nevertheless aft as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Weji-minster by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information; and, every Person so prol’ecuted shall prove that he is qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings which shall have been done and performed by any such Person touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before-mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, that such of the said Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the County of Derby, may nevertheless aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act (except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested ); but no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act in any Case where he shall be concerned in Inctreft, or during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act: Provided also, that any Mortgagee, or any Assigneeof any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, or receiving Icterest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act, or defeated From acting as a Trustee.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the House of John Leedham, being the Matlock Old Bath in the said County, upon the Fourth Thursday next after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet at the fame or any ether Place or Places near the said Road, as often as the said Trustees shall think necessary for putting this Act into Execution; and if it shall at any Time happen that there shall not meet a Number of Trustees sufficient to act, then any Two or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) or the Clerk to the said Trustees shall appoint a Meeting to be htld on that Day Three Weeks at the Place where such intended Meeting was appointed to have been held, and shall cause Notice thereof to be advertised in some Newspaper published or circulated in the said County, and to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected upon or across the said Roads, at lead Seven Days before such Meeting, and that there shall be One General Meeting of the said Trustees on the First Thursday in July in every Year, at such Place as the said

Trustees

I03I

qualification ot Trustees.

Trustees may act as Justices.

Mortgagee, may act as Trustees.

Meetings of Trustees.

1032

Meetings on Emergencies.

Trustees to appoint Officers.

Officers to account.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

Trustees shall appoint, and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences; and that all Acts, Orders, Determinations, Marters, and Things, by this Act authorized, directed, mentioned, or expressed to be done, made, or performed by the said Trustees, shall be done, made, or performed at such Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise (except in such Cases as are hereby otherwise expressly mentioned) and the fame may be done or performed by the Majority of the Trustees present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present at any such Meeting not being less than Five, and the same shall be as valid as if done or performed by all the said Trustees: Provided always, that no such Order be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless the Number of Trustees revoking or altering the same shall be greater than the Number of Trustees who made such Order, and unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke or alter such Order, shall give Notice thereof to the Clerk to the said Trustees, who shall cause the same to be inserted in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County of Derby, and to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then (landing upon or across the said Roads, at lead Fourteen Days previous to any Meeting to be held for that Purpose; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.'

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day for Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, then and in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Two or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), mentioning the Time, Place, and Purport of such intended Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then Handing upon the said Roads, of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time being not less than Five Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case the fame had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and also such Collectors of the Tolls, Surveyors, and other Officers as they shall think fit and necessary, and may from Time to Time remove any such Officers when they shall see Occasion: Provided nevertheless, that when any Collector of the Tolls to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die, resign, or become incapable of performing his Duty., it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) by Writing under their Hands to appoint a Collector of the Tolls in the Stead of such as shall die, rtfign, or become incapable of performing his Duty as aforesaid, and the Person so appointed shall have the fame Authority for the collecting and recovering of the Tolls hereby granted, as the Person he shall succeea was vested with, until the said Trustees shall at a Meeting appoint a Collector of the Tolls in his Stead.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers as-shall be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall as often as required by the said Truders, render and give to them, or to such Person as they shall for that Pulpose

14 - appoint,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

appoint, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, with the proper Vouchers, of all Monies which they shall respectively to such Time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices, and shall verify such Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees (which Oath the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer) , or in case any Money I'o received by any such Officer shall remain in his Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person as they shall by Writing under their Hinds authorize and empower to receive the lame; and if any such Officer shall refuse or wilfully neglect to render and give such Account, or to produce and deliver up such Vouchers, or to verify such Account upon Oath as aforesaid, or shall for the Space of Twenty-one Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees in Writing, refute or neglect to render and give up to them, or to such Person as they shall direct, ail Books, Papers, Writings, Matters, and Things in his Hands, Custody, or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then any Justice of the Peace for the County where the Officer lo making Default shall be or rclide, shall and may upon Application made to him for that Purpose, by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, make Enquiry of and concerning any such Default in a fumrrury way, as well by the Confelnon of the Party as by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered and lequired to administer wichouc Fee or Reward) and by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Money as shall appear to him to be due and unpaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels cf such Officer, rendering to him the Overplus (if any) after the Money remaining due, and the Charges of making such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and if such sufficient Distress cannot be found, or if it shall appear to any such Justice in Manner aforesaid, that any such Officer shall have refuted or wilfully nrgkfted to give such Account, or to verify the fame in Manner as aforesaid, or to deliver up all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of his Office, or of this Act as aforesaid, such Justice may commit him to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account, and verify the fame in Manner aforesaid, and shall produce and deliver up the Vouclnrs relating (hereto, and shall have paid the Money (if any) remaining in his Hands as aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said Trustees, or compounded with the said Trustees for such Money, and paid such Compoficion according to their Direction, or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfafttun to the fai l Trustees concerning the same, which said Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive, bot no such Officer who shall be committed on Account of his not having sufficient Goo is ami Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Piiloii for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months; and rise said Trustees shall and tnav, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, make Inch Allowance to every such Clerk, Colltftor, Suivty r, and other Officer, for or in respect of his Care and Pains in the Execution of his Office, anti to such other Pet Tons as shall have been employed in the Execution of th s Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem reafancble; but no Person shall be capable of holding any Place if Profir under the said Trustees, who shall fell any Wine, Ate, [Loc. & Per-2 iz E Spitiutous

Nft Victual-' ler to hold any Place of Profit*

to3+

9*ce,s to Elv,e Security.

TrtifVer may erect 'turnpikes.

Tolls.

Double Toll on Sundays.

Tolls vested in the Trullees, ami M inner of Recovery.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

Spirituous Liquors, or Provisions by Retail: Provided always that the said Trustees shall and are hereby required to take such Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer to he appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and are hereby authorized and required to cause such Turnpikes to be ereftrd upon or arrofs the said Roads, and upon or near the Sides thereof, across any Lanes or Ways lea. ing into the fame, as (hey shall think, proper, and also a Toll House adjoining or near to every such Turnpike, and from Time to Time to remove or alter the fame, as they shall think meet or expedient, and may, if they think proper, cause a sufficien: Piece ot Ground for a Garden to be set out and enclosed co every such Toll House; and such Tolls shall be demanded and taken at such of the said respective Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be erected upon or across any Parc of the said Roads, before any Horse or other Bead: or Cattle shall be permitted to pass through the fame, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time order and direct, not exceeding the Tolls following; (chat is to say,)

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Be-ft, drawing any Carriage whatsoever,' the Wheels whereof shall be of the Breadth ot Nine Inches or upwards, Three-pence; of the Breadch of Six Inches and under Nine Inches, Four-pence; and of less Breadth than Six Inches, Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Al’s, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Toll Gatheiers or C Electors on the said Roads, and they are hereby authorized and required on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Cluck on the Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night) in each and every Year, to demand and take for every Horse, Mare, Gliding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast, drawing or not drawing, and for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, o S-vme, Doub!e the Toll or Sum which may he demanded or taken for the fame reflectively on any other Day by virtue of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and if any Person or Persons ful jest to the Payment of any of the said Tells shall, alter Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse ro pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful fur such Collector to fcizcand distrainany Hoise, or other Beast or Cattle, upon which any such Tolls are by this Act imposed, belonging to any Person or Persons so nrglefting or relufing or liable to pay the Tolls as aforesaid (except the Bridie or Reins of any such Horse or other Beast separate from such Hoise or other Beast)-, and if !l.c i Tells, a;,d the reasonable Charges of such

Seizure

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6*]. 1033

Seizure and Didrefs* and of detaining and keeping the fatn», shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Person or Persons fa seizing and didraining shall and may fell the Horse or other Bead or Cattle so seized and didrained, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Tells to be be liable to pay Toll more chan Once for passing or repading at any Time oncea Day or Times in any one Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at

Night toT<velve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) with the fame Horse or other Bead or Cattle, through any one of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act; but that every Person, after having paid Toll Once, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment* shall afterwards be permitted to pass with every such Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, Toll-free during such Day, through the respective Turnpikes or Turnpike where such Payments or Payment respectively were or was made, 'which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required togive£rn/», on Receipt of the Toll.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trtidees may, and they Tolls maybe are hereby empowered, from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, compounded to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any

one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, near to or through which the said Roads hereby directed to be made and repaired do lead, for the pading of their Horses, and other Beads or Cattle through all or any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act, which Composition Money shall be paid in Advance, and in Default thereof the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default shall be void*

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declated, That no Exemption* Person shall be charged with or subject to the Payment of any of the said from Toll. Tolls, for or in respect of any Horses, or other Beads or Cattle, employed

in drawing or conveying any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials (or repairing the said Roads, or any Roads or Highways within any of the Pa-ri(hes or Towndiips through which the said Roads lead; or employed in carrying or conveying any Dung, Mould, Compod (Lime only excepted J or other Manure for manuring and improving of Land; or carrying or conveying any Grass, Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw not fold ordilpoled of, to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or Barns, or upon the Lands of the Owners or Proprietors thereof; or for any Horses or Beasts of Draught going to or returning from, or in conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, belonging to or employed by any Owners or Occupiers in the Management of any Farm or Lands-, or for or in respect of any Horses, Cattle, or Sheep, going to or returning from Pafiure or Watering Places, or Horses going to or returning from being dioed or farried; or for any Horses or other Beads employed in conveying, from one Parc of this Kingdom to another, the Mail or Packet which shall be made up under the Authority or Direction ol His Majesty's Podrnader General, or his Deputy or Deputies; or for or in respect of any Horses belong ng to any of the said Inhabitants going

to

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

to or returning from any Church, Chapel, or other PJace of religioilf Worship, to which they ul'ually resort on Sundays or on any other Days on which divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within any of the said Parishes or Townships; or from any Clergyman going to perform or returning from his Duty.at any Church or Chapel, or to or from visiting his sick Parishioners; or for any H >rfes belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses or other Beads or Cattle employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Horses carrying or conveying Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for the Horses of any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Derby, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor lcfs than Forty Shillings, for every such Offence.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse or other Bead or Cattle whatsoever, pals through any Land or Ground adjoining to or lying near any Turnpike to beerested by virtue of this Act, the fame not being a publick Highway; or if the Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, or other Bead, or Cattle, to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be avoided; or if any Person shall give to or rective from any Person, other than the said Collectors of the said Tolls, any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the said Collectors, or shall forge or counterfeit any such Ticket, or make use of any such forged or counterfeited Ticket, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with the Intent that the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be avoided; or if any Person shall forcibly pass through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, with any Horse, or other Bead Of Cattle, without Payment of the Tolls for the fame, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Hotfe, or other Bead or Cattle, from any Carriage, or shall leave or cause to be less upon or near any Part of the said Roads, any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, or any Goods, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cases afurtsaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings; whereof One Moiety shall be paid to the Informer.

be

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals* at any Time or Times to fee, demi:e, and to farm let the Tolls by this Act granted, or any Part thereof, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take and farm the fame for any Term not exceeding Three Years (Twenty Days Notice of the Intention of such lett’ng or setting being given in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be dand.

ing

io37

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

ing upon Or aCrofs the said Roads) for the bed Rent they can get fur the Tolls, to be payable Quarterly or Monthly in Advance to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer, with such Covenants therein to be contained, as the said Trustees shall think proper and requisite.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Foriwrrow. Trustees to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money 'igMjucy. as they shall think fit upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, and by Writing undeT their Hands and Seals to assign over the said Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof (the Charges of such Morrgages or Assignments to be paid out of the said Tolls) to any Person or Persons for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the Several Sums that shall be so borrowed, with the Interest thereof, which Alignments shall be according to the Form following; (videlicetJ,

‘ oY virtue of an Act, made in the Forry-fourth Year of the Reign of ‘ King George the Third, intituled, [_set forth the Title of the A£l~\ 3 ‘ We, Five or more of the Trustees for carrying the said Act into Ex-

ecution, in Consideration of the Sum of to the

Treasurer of the Roads, by the said Act directed to be made and

amended, in Hand paid by Do hereby grant, bargain,

‘ fell, and demise unto the said Executors, Administrators, and

‘ Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act,

‘ as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum

‘ advanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the said Tolls, to be had

and holden from this Day of for and during

‘ the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied.

Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of ’

And Copies of all such Mortgages and Alignments shall be entered in a Book to be kept for-that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed after the first Meeting, unless Notice be for that Purpose given in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then'.(landing in, upon, or ac.'ofs the said Roads, at lead Fourteen Day* before the borrowing thereof, and all Mortgages which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby lecurtd, may from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the Principal and Interest thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever; all which Transfers cr Assignments shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry, every such Transfer shall entitle the respective Assignees or Persons to whom the same shall be made, their Executory, Admin strators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and it shall not be in the Power cf any Person making any such Transfer to make void, release, or dif-[ Lot. id Per.J 12 G charge

H

1038 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

ch-.rge the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Pirt thereof; and all Persons to whom f<ich Mortgages, Aflig.om'nrs, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in Proportion to the Sums therein r.spefttvely mentioned Creditors on such Tolls in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or the Dates of such Alignments.

April'catbn of XVI, And be it further enacted, That out of tli- first Monies which shall b? borrowed upon the Credit of this Act, the fai i Trustees shall 'tl the first place pay and difeh irge all the Chart's and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and p illing of this Act, together with I iterest for such Suna or Sums of Money as mar necessuily be advanced by any Person or Persons on Account thereof, from the Time of advancing the same to the Time of Payment thereof; and after Payment, Satisfaction, and Discharge thereof, all the Money which shill arilr by virtue of ih s Act shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Turnpikes, Toll G ites, and Toll Houses, and in making, amending, widening, altering, or i n roving the said Roads, in defraying the necessary Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and the Execution of this Act, and to no othei Ufa or Purpose whatsoever.

Materials.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act or for any other Person or Persons by him or them, or by the said Trustees for that Purpose employed, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Fu ze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for repairing the said Roads, in, upon, or out of or fr >m any Vv'.iste or Co non Ground, or from any River or Brook in any Parish or Place in, adjoining to, or lying near the salt! Roads, or any of them, or in any neighbouring Patish or Ph.ce to be used in making and repairing the said Roads, without paying any Thing for the fame, such Surveyor or Surveyors, or otiur Person or Persons filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from whence inch Materials ill all be taken, or railing or fenc ng off such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also, by Order of the said Trustees, to cur, dig, gather, takr, and carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or our of, and from or over the private Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons to be used in or towards the making and repairing of the said Roads (such puvate Linds or Grounds not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, Wood, Coppice, or inclosed Ground, planted as an Avenue or Nursery for Tree,) paying or tendering Payment of such R ires or Sums of Money for such Materials, and for the Damage which shall be done to the Owners or Occupiers of the private Lands and Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over which the lame or any other Materials gotten in any Waste Ground, common River, or Brook, shall be conveyed, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reafo able; and in case of any D.fference between any such Owners and Occupiers as aforesaid and the said Trustees, touching the Damage aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County, on Eight Days Notice cnereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall upon Application for that Purpose by or on Behalf of cither Party, hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payment

i°39

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

an;] Damages, and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to ttie Parties: Provided neverthel- fs, that it shall not be lawful for any Person under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, and take away Materials for the Purpose aforesaid from any inclosed Land, until Notice in Writing, under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall ha/c been given to the Occupier of such Lands or Grounds, or left for him or her at his or her ufud Place of Residence, to appear before the fdd Tiuflees, or any Five or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace for the said County, at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend, pursuant to such Notice, the said Trullees or such Justices shall, it they think fit, after having heard the Matter, authorize any such Person as aforesaid to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as the Lid Trustees or such Justices shall think proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall apd may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, in like Manner, and the same shall be as effectual as if the Occupier or his or her Agent had attended; and the said Justices shall and may administei Oiths and award C fts, in like Manner as herein-after mentioned in Cases of Differences in the Valuation of Lands to be taken and uled for the Purposes of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and hnh Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, having an Order from the said Trustees, from Time to Time to remove, take, and carry away all Annoyances by filth. Dung, Ashes, Rubbifii, or otherwise, and a!fi all Obstructions by Gates, cr otherwise, upon any Part of the Lid Roads (except the Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act) and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bu lies growing in the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks abj cent thereto, in case the Owners or Oaupiers shall neg-left to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Ilulhes, or to remove such Annoyances for the Space of Twenty-one Da>s after Notice in Writing given for that Pm pole, under the Hand or Hand> of the said Surveyor or Survey rs, the Charges whereof to be settled by the Lid Trustees by Writing under their Hands, shall be reim u fed and paid to the said Surveyor or Su. veyors by such Owners 01 Oecu; ieis so neglecting to cut down, lop < r top the said Tie, s or Bushes, or to remove such Annoyances as afr.relaid, and in Default of Payment thereof upon Demand, the same shall be levied and recovered in such M nner as any Penalty or Forfeiture for Offences against this Act is hertin-after direct d to be levied and recovered; end if after the Removal of any of the Lid Annoyances, any Person or Persons shall again offend in like Manntr, or if »ny Person or Persons shall IVr, place, <r lay down ;-ny Waggon ir orh r Cart or Carriage, or ary l imber, H.y, Straw, Dung, or any c.tner Matter or Thing whatsoeve , upon the said Hoads or any Part the eof, so as thereby or otherways wh olly to tcflruft or impede the free PafLge on any Part of the said R iads, or if any Pc son or I’crfo: s Iliad turn out any florfes. Cows, or other Cattle, Mules, A (Ls, < r Swine upon the Lid Roads hereby dit>sted to be repaired, or nny P.rc thereof, or into the Lanes or Ditches adjoining the fame, every Pufan shall for every such Offence forfeit and

pay

Annoyances to be removed.

lo+o 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shilling's, to be recovered as herein-ascer mentioned.

to beclea^fed And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who of

° e e Right ought to widen, deepen, scour, or cleanse any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse lying in or over, or leading into or out of the said Roads, /hill nor in a proper Manner widen, deepen, scour, or cleanse any such Ditch, D--ain, or Watercourse, or cause the same to be done within the Space of Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing under the Hand of any such Surveyor as aforesaid shall for that Purpose be given to him, her, or them respectively, or shall be left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, by Order of the said Trustees, the salt) Surveyor may and is hereby authorized and empowered to cause such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse to be widened, deepened, scoured, and cleansed, and to pay for the scouring and cleaning the fame; and if such Person or Persons shall not repay the Money so paid by such Surveyor, on Demand thereof upon him, her, or them, made either in Person or by Writing, to be left at his, her, or their Place or Places of Abode, such Money shall and may be levied and recovered in the like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture for Offences against this Act is herein-after directed to be levied and recovered.

Caoftwars,

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Sur-madeT^be veyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, and such Person or Persons as shall or m4y be appointed by Order of the said Trustees, to make or cause to be made Footways in or along the Sides of the said Roads, and to cut or make Drains or Watercourses through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads, and to erect and keep in Repair Arches of Stone or other Materials, and also to cause Ditches or Trenches to be made in such Places and in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall adjudge necessary for the better amending the said Roads, and keeping the fame in good Repair; and also to make a temporary Way or Passage through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads (such Ground not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, or planted Walk or Avenue to a House, Plantation, or Nursery of Trees) to be made use of by all Passengers with Horses, Carriages, or otherwise as a Road whilst the old narrow or ruinous Road is repairing and widening, and until the same shall be made convenient and safe for Passengers and Carriages; making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of such Ground through which any such Drain or Watercourse, or on which any such Arch or Bridge, or through, over, and along which any such temporary Way or Passage shall be made for the Damage which he or she shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be agreed upon between the said Trustees and such Owner or Occupier, or (in case of any Difference concerning the same) as shall be assessed and adjudged by the Justiers of the Peace at the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden in the said County, on the like Notice and in like Manner as herein-before mentioned, in case of any Dispute respecting Materials being got out of and from any private Lands or Grounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and are hereby empowered to make, divert, widen, turn, and alter the Course of

any

Power to widen, feV. the Road.

J04I

44° GEORGII lit. Cap. 67,

4ny Part or Parts of the said Roads through or over any Commons or Waste Grounds, without making ary Satisfaction for the fame, and also Upon, over, or through any private Lands or Grounds, first making Satis. faction to the Owners of and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any such Lands or Grounds for the Purchase thereof, or for the Lois or Damage such Owners or Persons interested therein, or any of them, shall and may anywise sustain by such making, widening, turning, or altering the Course of any Part of the Laid Roads through such Lands; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or ocher Trustees, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femts Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be leiled, poss.ffed of, or interested in any such Lands or Grounds, to contract and agree with the said Trustees fer the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to exchange with, fell, and convey to the said Trustees, aft or any of f ich Lands or Grounds as Occasion shall be or require; and all Conrads, Sales, an j Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Uage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, or C llegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrator^, Guaruians, and Trustees, and all other Persons aie and (hill br hereby indemnified for whatever they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of tins Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politick or Corporate, or other Owners of or Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Ground* as aforesaid, or any such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Tiuftecs, shall refuse to treat, or shall nut agree for the Sale of any such Lands or Grounds, or for their Interest therein, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, the said Trustees shall within Ten Days at the least before any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, cause Notice in Writing to be given to such Owners or Persons interested, F’eoffees, Executors, Administrators, or Guardians, and other Trustees respectively, or to the principal Officer of any Inch Body Pol tick or Corporate, or to be left a: the H ause of the l enanr in Possession of the Lands or Grounds intended to be purchased, purporting that the Value thereof will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions, then and in every such Case the Justices at such S> Ifions, upon Proof made to them of such Notice haviftg been given or left as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury which shall attend at such Sessions, or some other Jury of Twelve honest Men, to be there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the said County, without Fee or Reward, and cause them to be sworn well and truly, on their Oaths, to assess the Value of the Lands or Grounds mentioned or deferbed in the said Notice, and the Damages or Recompence to be given foe the fame or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be intended to be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, to the respective Owners and Perfors interested, according to their respective IntcrcIL therein, and the fail Trustees and all Persons interested shall have iheir lawful Challenges against any of the said Jury when they come to be (worn; and the said Jury being so sworn and \JLoc. iVr.J 12 H charged

Value of Land to be ascertained by a Jury.

1042

On Payment of the Pur- u f BI^1SJIB1V . MV) ^UM l|#y *tA*w W(V uviv vu v, Wlb |tlvll|Wf

Lands maybe (vhich shall be c'ollefttd or raised by virtue of this Act, 2nd shall be paid

made use of theieout accordingly by the said Trustees, or by their Treaf >rer, to the Perfdis respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof to such Persons or tl.’edr Agents, or in case of Rrfufal to accept the fame after Tender thereof, then upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer to the Lid Trustees for the Use of such Persons Vvhofe Lands or Grounds as aforesaid shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road?, and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be deemed and taken to be a publick and common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Roads for ever, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair, 'by such, Ways, Means, and Method'*, and in all Respects in such Manner as the 'High Roads within the Parish or Place where Rich Lands or Gfbunds are situated are by Law ard this Act to be kept in Repair, and all Patties and Persons shall, for ever thereafter be ilivdfted of all Right and Title to such Lands or Grounds; and after any such new Road shall be completed in lieu of any old Road, the Ground conftltliting’the former Road (unless leading to fame Village, Town, or Place'rb which Inch new Road doth not lead) shall be veiled in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees for the brft Price that dan be gotten for the fame, and the Money artfing by such Sale shall be applied to the Repairs of the Roads hereby intended to be made and repaired1; and the Person or Persons over whose Lands or Grounds such new Road shall be Hiade in lieu of any old Road shall have the Preference in pUfchafe of the old Road fb to be sold as aforesaid, and the Conveyance to be rflade of such Ground being executed by any Five or more of the said TfuftedS, atd inrolled With the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, Ihallbegbodand effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes; and the Lbrdsof the respective Manors shall have the fame In'tercft and Property 'in fOch new Road as they Were possessed of or entitled to in the former Road, in lieu whereof tuch Road shall be tr ade: Provided always, that in Widening, turning, or altering the C'ourse of any Part of the said Roads, h'oth'Ftg shall be done which shall or may in anywise damage or injure any Dwelling Hotife or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, 'planted Walk, or’Avenue to a H’Ouse or Plantation, or Nurse/y planted with Trees, on or before the First Day of January One th'oufand eight hundred

44° GEORGII III. Cdp.67.

charged as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given (Which Oath add alro the Oath to the said Jury the said Justices are hereby authorized artd required to adni’.nifter), concerning the Nature, Quantity, and Value of such Lands or Grounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, and also after having vjewed the.PLce in quedion (if judged neceflkiy by the said Justices in Sessions assembled, on the Application «5f the said Trustees or any of the Parties interested) shall by their Verdict alfefs, declare, and ascertain the Quantum of the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fable to such itfp-ftive Owners and Persons, according to their rfelpeftive Interests therein and such Verdict of the said Jury shall be final, binding, and condusive to the said Trustees, and to all Persons and Patties interested in the said Lands or Grounds, and the said Justices Avail and may award Cods to either Party, as in their Discretion shall feeih meet.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money so assessed

aflrSrpfaVH ITSi» 11 nnrl HVp f»in> h#»rehv rhurorpH ivnnn fh* Vlnni^c

V

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

dred and four, unless the Owner cr Proprietor thereof shall consent in Writing thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchasecf, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any DiUbility or Incapacity as in this Act parti-culaily mentioned, loch Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, w'th all convenient Speed be paid into the Eankof England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there tx parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court; to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Coure shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or r.ffefting other Lands, Tenemens, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be hid out aRd inverted, under the I ke Di ebon and Approbanon of the said Court, in the Purch ife of other Mellu iges, Lands, 01 Hc.edita-tnenis, wh ch dial, be conveyed and fetiled to, for, and upon such and the I ke Uies, T;ulL, Intents, and s, and in the same Manner as the Mrffu.iges, Land*, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, stood lettled or limited, or such of them as at 'the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Eff.ft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be madr, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelled by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Conloiidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Divi-

' dends anti annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities Hull tront Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid lor any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Putpolcs aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Pets n or Persons undci Dilubility or Incapacity as afort-Lid,' shall be hfs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so

purchased.

1043

Application of Coppen-fation w here amounting to 100l.

Aop/ication here the Compenf'a-tion shall be less than aoo I. and exceed xol.

1044

Anp?ie*tion where the Money is It f than 20/.

Money allowed far

Lands, etc. purchased, how to be charged and tendered, etc.

44° GEORGII III. Cop. 67.

purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians; Committee, or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hinds) be paid inro the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as atortsaid, ;n orcer to be applied in Maimer herein-before dirt&ed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal M mey and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the l.ands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fr, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee and Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled rclptftively.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as ifore-said shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Saiiffaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known Or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interest 'd in the said Lands or Hereditaments [defer ibing the m] subject to the Order, Control)], and Disposition of the said Court, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, or to order L)ifflrribution thereof in Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what, and for whole Use the fame is

or

IO+J

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6j.

or ar<* received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question (hill arise touching the T tle of any Person to any M mey to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act for the Purchasr of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands or Heredita nents to be pure ha fed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities t > be n rchafed with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Intered of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have be n in Puff (lion of fut h Lands or He-redinments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been law'ully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments according to such Puff (lion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingl.; un!efs it shall tv ma le appear to the Lid Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fotne other Person or Persons was or wne lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some ElLce or Inteteft therein.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason

of any DiLbility or Inctpacity of the Person or Persons or Corporat;on entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be pu chafed under the Authority of this Ac‘(, the Purchase M mey for the la ne shall be required to be paid into the said C urt, and to be applied in the Pu cn.ifeof other Lands or Heiiditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time 11 be m tde in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shallftotn Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct. ,

XXX. And be it further en.iCt<*d, That the Righr and Property of and in all and every the Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Buddings, and also all Walls, Rails, Stiles, Foils, and Fences which shall belong to the said Roads hereby directed to be made and repaired, and al.o all Tools, Implements, Scones, Gravel, and other Materials, to be purchased, gotten, or had for repairing the said Road^ hereby directed to be made and repaired, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they ar<j hereby authorized and empowered to dispose of the same as they shall think (it, or to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions, or to ptefer and prosecute, or order to be preferred and prosecuted any Indictment or Indictments in the Na ne or Names of any One or more of them, or of their Trcal'urer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, against any Person or Persons who dull dig up, bieak, or pull down, (Lai, take, or carry away, Ipoil, injure, or destroy any of the Lid Turnpike1, Toll Gates, or Tull Houses, or any of the Materials and Things aforesaid, or who shall

[Lee, & iVr.j 12 I disturb

Respecting disputed Titles,

Court of Ch ucery to dnect the Payment of Expences.

Property of Ttenpikes, tic, vetted in Trustees.

1046

Statute Work’

' 4^a GEORGII III. Cap. 6j.

disturb the said Trustees, or any Person employed by them in the Posseflioni thereof.

XXXI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are liable to do Statute Work, within the respective Parishes or Planes, where the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, altered, or repaired, or any Part or Parts thereof, are ficuated, shall be liable ro the Repair thereof in like Manner as they are to the Repair of the other Highways within their respective Parishes or DilWdls; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Derby, and they are hereby emp iwered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees yeady, to adjudge nd determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads hereby directed to be made, w idened, altered, and repaired by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or PI ces in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Compofrion for such Statute Woik as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or tltem piid to the said Trustees or their Treasurers or Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lew. ful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in futh Summons, within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons mrho within such Parish or Place are by Law subjrdt and liable to do Statute Wotk for that Year, or to the Payment of a1 y Money in lieu of or as a CompOfuion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the rcfj>ective Sums to befo paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictrons as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effefl for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and our of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and f) many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Wo;k as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads hereby diTcdted to be made, amended, widened, and repaired, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and on such Times (not being Haytime or Haiveft) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, dirrdt, and appoint; and (he said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the rtlpefifive Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each ami every Person wlvo shall neglect or retule to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode fur th»t Purpose by any

Surveyor

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67*

Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their

Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams,

Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horfts, Beat! or Bealls, to be provided by h itn, her, or them, be fuojefl and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Publick High* ways; and if any Person who (had come to work as a Libourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, 111 ill be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in thr Cife every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respecttive Forfeitures-and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refilled to come, or loch Team or Draught had not been sent to work in any Parts of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lilts as aforesaid, or shall kn i ingly or wilfully give in false or imperteft Lifts, every such Surveyor f> offending shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be liwful to and for the said Trull es to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, So lies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lmds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be situate, for a certiin Su n of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants arrd Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in advance, on or before the First Day at March in each and every Year, or otherwil'e the Inhabitants or Occupiers of such Parish or Place thall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees are hereby Road *obe empowered tocaufethe said Routs t ’ be measurrd, and Stones or Ports measured-to be let up on the Sides thereof, wirh Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Port from any Town or Place as they shall think fit; and may also, if they think fit, erect Polls at the several Roads leading out of the Roads hereby directed to be made and repaired, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting to what Place or Places the said Roads retpcftivrly lead; and may also cause the Name of every Town or Village Upon the said Roads to be painted in White Letters upon a Black Ground, or White Ground with Black Letters, on some conl'pictious Part of fame House or other Building, at each End of every such Town anJ Village; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull dov/n, dig up, injure,

Trustees may compound for Statute Work.

id+y

1048

Penalty on flragging Timber, etc.

Proceedings of the Trustees to be entered.

Penalty on

alfiulting Perfjm in the Execution of this Act.

Recovery of Penalties.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67;

jure, or destroy any such Stones or Ports, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscripdons thereon, or any Inscription upon any House of Other Building as aforesaid, or cause of procure the same to be done, every Pe.son offending in any of the Cases aforesaid Ih til f ufeit and pav any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads any 'Fite or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carnages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon Wheel Carriages to drag upon any Part of the fad Roads to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Pr ceedings of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall from Time to Time be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the said Trustees making the same or their Clerk, and the fame being lo signed shall be taken and deemed to be Originals; and the said Book and also the Book directed to be kept for registering the said Mortgages, Alignments, and Transfers, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence, in all Courts whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Pofons shall assault, interrupt, hinder, or diltuib, or cause, promote, or encourage to be affauited, interrupted, hindered, or disturbed, the Collectors of the Tolls, or any of them, or the Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, or any Person or Persons employed by (hem, or either of them rtfptftively, or by the said Trustees, or any of them, in the Execution of any Pa t of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shilling1.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly ciirtded) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County, or where the Offenders dia l be or reside, either by the Confession of the Patty or Parties, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hind and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant for those Purposes, and alf to administer such Oath gratis") and the Overplus after such Penalties and Forfeitures are recovered, and the Charges of levying and recovering the same shall have been de-dufted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and all such Penalties and Forfeitures (where not Otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) shall from Tune to Time;ba paid to the Treasurers to the said Trulte-s, and applied for the Purposes of this Act , and in case sufficient Distress canr.oc be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under

1049

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Coire&ion or common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and tatisfied.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice Form of or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be con- Conviction, victed of any Offence against this Act, shall and m y cause the Conviction

to be drawn up according to the following Form of Words; (videlicet),

Coumy of t ic remembered, That on the Day

' j of in the Year of our Lord

is convicted before of His Majesty’s

‘ Justices of the Peace for the said County, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

‘ {Jet forth the ‘Title of the All, and specify the Offence, and when and where ‘ committed]. Given under our Hands and Seals [or, my Hand and SealJ ‘ the Day and Year first above written.*

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Per- Appealson or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method

of Relief hath been already appointed, such Person or Persons may within the Space of Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arifi-n, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be ho'den for the said County, every such Appellant first giving or causing to be given Fourteen Days Notice at the least in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within Five Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before feme Justice of the Peace of such County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the Jufbces at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, or at some Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of every such Appeal, in a summary way, and award such Colts to the Party appealing or appealed aga;n!t, as the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, aDd conclusive.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distress not made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be want of Form, deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on Account of any Defect or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Notice, Warranc of Distress, or Other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Paity or Parties distraining be deemed a rrcfpalfer or Tieffpafitrs ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be a'terwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such I regularity, may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

{Lee. id Per.]

12 K

1

io5°

Proceedings nor to be qua(he<t for want of Form-

Bar Keeper*

competent

Witnesses.

Payment of Snbfciiptions to be enforced.

For putting under the Care of the T* uftees of this Act, a certain Piece of Road now belonging to the Nittirghan and Nevuhave' Truth

44' GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suir, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise concerning the Paid Tolls, or the Recovery thereof, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be, and they and each of them are and is hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his or their being such Collector or Collectors.

M

4*

Its

Off

\0 & \tifr

iiint

jurnt

[iota

the Sutr

(jll/sr 1 betegn

bflo^h

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed or shall subscribe Money towards the making, amending, and repairing the said Roads, or for or towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall and are hereby required to pay the respective Sums so subscribed to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, within such Time or Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees shall order and direct; and in Default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of their Trea-hirer or Clerk, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action ol Debt, or upon the Cafe.

XLIV. And whereas Part of the said Branch of Road hereby authorized to be made, up the Valley between the Griffe and lble to Newbavtn, would be more conveniently made, if the fame were to communicate with a certain Part of the Road leading from Nottingham to Newhaven, on the Eastwardly Side of a Toll Gate erected thereon, called Pikehall Gate (being about Two Miles and a Quarter in Length, of the moll Northwardly Part of the Roads directed to be repaired by several Acts, made in the Thirry-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twentieth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham to Newbavtn, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby): And whereas it has been agreed between the Trustees of the said Nottingham and Newhaven Road, and the Subscribers to the said intended new Roads, that the said Piece of Road shall be made Part of the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, and that the fame and the said Turnpike now standing thereon, called Pikehall Gate, shall be vested in the Trustees for executing this Act, on a proper Compenfaiion being made to the said Nottingham and Newhaven Trustees; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, the said Part of the said Nottingham and Newhaven Road, from the said Junction, shall be vested in the Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, and deemed Part of the Roads to be repaired by this Act, and shall be under the foie Management and Dir« ftion of the said Trustees for putting this Act in Execution; and that the Lid Turnpike, called Pikehall Gate, and the Premises now erected adjoining thereto, and also all Ports, Rails, Materials, and all other Matters

an

ition*

kail

seat alTra :xn. S’ oruoie

Saji Aich tic I a itg. Me! iki in oft *St»-Ubed

ia.l

aiikt

i*

tyi

'tti

*«sc

ila

hfi

SClft

ft

*lv

io5*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 67.

and Things situate or being upon or on the Sides of the fame Piece of Road, are hereby vested in the Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XLV. And whereas the Sum of Sixty Pounds is adjudged a proper Compensation for the said Pikeball Gate and Premises aforesaid, and for all Sums of Money which have been expended on such Parc of the said Road be it therefore further enacted, That the Trustees appointed to put this Act in Execution shall and are hereby required, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, to pay to the Treasurer to the Trustees of the said Nottingham and Newhaven Roads the Sum of Sixty Pounds , which said Sum is hereby declared to be in full for the said Pikeball Gate, and for the Toll House and Premises thereto belonging, and also for all Pods, Rails, and all other Things whatsoever belonging to the said Trustees, in anywise relating to the said beforementioned Part of the said Roads, and for all Money by chem expended thereon.

XLVI. And whereas an Annual Sum of Sixty Pounds is adjudged to be a proper Compensation to the Trustees of the said Nottingham and Newhaven Roads, for the Loss they will sustain by giving up the Tolls they receive at the said rikeball Gate; be it therefore further enabled. That the said Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby required, Yearly and every Year, to pay or cause to be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the Trustees appointed to put the said recited Acts in Execution, the Annual Sum of Sixty Pounds, free and clear of and from all Deductions whatsoever, which fiid Annual Sum shall be paid to the said Treasurer on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, the first Payment thereof to begin and be made on the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six: Provided always, That in case the said Sum How the raid of Sixty Pounds for the said Toll House and Premises, or the said Annual ®e"o*ereY, if Sum of Sixty Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid for not regularly the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after the Day on which the fame paiJ-shall be due and ought to be paid as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees appointed for putting the said recited Acts in Execution, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to enter and take Possession of all, every, or any Gate or Gates,

Turnpike or Turnpikes, with the Outhoufis and other Buildings and Appurtenances thereto belonging, to be erected, made, or continued in pursuance of this present Act/and to receive and take the Tolls or Duties by this Act granted or payable, until thereby or therewith the said respective Sums, and all Arrears thereof, together with so much thereof as shall become due during such Possession and all necessary Costs and Charges attending such Entry and Collection shall be fully paid, satisfied, and discharged, but no longer.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the present \ Turnpike Gate, or fume other Gate or Turnpike, shall always be kept (landing at to remain at the said Place called Pikeball Gate aforesaid, and that the like Tolls (hill 'haUGa,> always be received at such Turnpike for Horles, Cattle, Sheep, and Swine, as shall tio n Time to Time be received at any other Turnpike or Gate upon any other Part of the Roads by this Act directed to be made and

Trustees of

this Art to pay 60/. to th T'ertlurer of the Nottingham and New ba+en Road for Pikeball Cate, &c.

And also an Annual Sunk of 60/.

IO 5 2

Persons having: paid Tr»H ,‘>etw*ei» Mitlock and Pikeball, ro pas through Pikeball Gate, &c.

Lirtita»ions of Actions*

Publick. Act.

Coumcn *c-ment and Tc rm of this Act.

44° GEORGGII III. Cap. 67.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all H >rfes* Realts, Cattle, and Carriages, pifiingon the said Road leadingf om Netting. bamuNewbaven, having paid the full Toli at any Toll Gate thereon erected or to be erected between Matlock and Pikeball, and producing a Ticket of such Payment, shall be allowed to pals Toll-free at the said Pikeball Gate, or any other Gate to be erected on the said Nottingham and Newhaven Road, Westward of such Gate called Pikeball Gate.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suie shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County of Derby, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be fu done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the said Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plamdffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgrment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any Cate by Law.

L. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without Ipc-cially pleading the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Tolls and Powers hereby given, shall commence and take Effect on the Day on which the Trustees shall hold their First Meeting, and shall be put in Execution, and continue in Force from thenceforth for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years then next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

f*JNHNH(E

Cap. 68.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank in the County of York.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, /In sG. 3. Act for repairing and widening the Hoed from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oullton, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike in the County of York: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty, ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for continuing the Term, G. 3 and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of the said Act as relates to the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the said ' Road in Sutton Field, through Craike towards Oulfton, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike in the County of York: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have made great Progress in repairing the said Road from the said City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which [Aac. ftp Per.] 12 M Money

1058

A£U fiirtl er continued.

Troftets

Regulation as to the Election of Officers under the Trullees,

44° GEORG 11 Ili. Cap. 68.

Money Hill remains due and owing, together with a considerable Arrear of Interest, and cannot be-paid off, nor can the said Road leading from the said City, of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as the fame relates to the said last mentioned Road, is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said last mentioned Act should be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts, passed in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, so far as the fame relate to the said Road from the said City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank aforesaid, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hertby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said respective Acts, and also of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts or of this Act, and bi all Interest now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Charles Buncombe the younger, William Buncombe, George Woodcock Doivkcr, Richard Bethell, James Shepherd, Henry Robert Whyte head Clerk, Nathaniel Bryan HodgJon, the Honourable Edward Rice Clerk, Vicar of Sutton upon the Forest, John Watson Bowman the younger, Thomas Richmond Smith, Samuel Wil. liam Nicoll, the Reverend George Markham Dean of York, Thomas Hartley the younger, Hewley John Baynes, the Honourable Lawrence Bundas, Benjamin dgar, John Bel!, Thomas Cutler Rudstone Read, and John Wharton, shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees for putting the said Acts and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Directions of the said last mentioned Act, together with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said Acts, or either of them, shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered to put the said Acts and this Act in Execution.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever, already nominated, eieded, or appointed, or who shall be nominated, eieded, or appointed aTrustee or i ruitees for the Execution of the said Acts and this Act, in or by virtue of the said Acts or either of them, shall Ire qualified to vote in the Election of any Person to any Office or Place of Trust held under the said Trustees, unless such Person or Persons shall have attended and been present at some publick

Meeting

1059

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

Meeting of the said Trustees, and have ailed thereat as such Trustee or Trustees, or shall have attended at the Time and Place appointed for a Meeting of the said Trustees, for the Purpose of acting the reat, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next preceding the Vacancy by reason whereof such Election is to be made.

IV. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said last mentioned Ait, Former Tolls passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His laid prefenc Majesty,

have been found insufficient, be it therefore further enacted, That the granted. Tolls by the said last mentioned Ait granted, and all'o all the Regulations, Restrictions, and Reductions, by the said Act made and allowed respecting such Tolls, shall, from and after the First Day of August next,

(except as is herein-after excepted,) be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof, the l'everal Tolls following shall be demanded and taken upon the said Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank; (that is to say,)

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaise, or Calalh, Tolls, drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Chaise or Chair drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Warn, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by Four or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and rlhree-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or other Beall of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, for passing through all the Turnpike Gates upon the said Road between York and the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, the Sum of Sixpence, and no more:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

Which said respective Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof shall and may be demanded, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in the same Manner, and to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the said Aits are mentioned and declared with respect to the Tolls thereby granted.

V. And whereas in and by the said last mentioned Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted and declartd, that no greater or further Tolls shall be demanded or taken at the Turnpike Gate now ereited near the City of York, on a Place called Boothant Stray, or at any Turnpike Gate which may be erected nearest to the said City, than the respective Tolls which the said Trustees before the passing of the said Ait were entitled to receive; and it is enacted and declared,

that

io6o

Tolls not to be altered without Notice of a Meeting to be held for that Purpose.

Meetings of the Trullees to be held at Stillingtont or within Five Miles thereof.

Power to adjourn Meetings.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

that no more than One Half of the Tolls which shall be collected for Carriages, and for Oxen and other Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, and Lambs, at the Turnpike Gate then erected near the City of York, on a Place called Bootham Stray, or at any Turnpike Gate which may be erected in lieu thereof next to the said City, shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Carriages, or of any Oxen or other Neat Cattle, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, passing through any other Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts; and that no more than One-sixth Part of the Tolls therein-before granted for or in respect of any Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Asses, laden or unladen, and not drawing, shall be demanded or taken for or in respect of any such Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Asses, passing through any such other Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates as aforesaid; which Regulation hath been found inconvenient; be it therefore further enacted, That the same shall be and is hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Alteration whatsoever shall be made in the Tolls to be collected under the Authority of this Act, but at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Meeting Fourteen Days previous Notice at the lead shall be given in some One or mor* Newspaper or Newspapers printed in the City of York.

VII. And whereas in and by the said last mentioned Act of the Twenty-ninth of His present Majesty, it is enacted, that the Meetings of the Trustees for executing the said Acts should be held alternately at the City of York, the Town of Stillington, and O/waldkirk, which Regulation and Redaction have been found inconvenient; be it the efore further enacted, That the same shall be and is hereby declared to be repealed; and that indead thereof, it is hereby enacted and declared, that in future all the Meetings of the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act shall be held at some convenient House or Place in the said Town of Stillington, or at some Place upon the said Road within Five Miles of the said Town.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting of the said Trustees, to be held under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn, (Two Trustees being hereby declared to be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only,) or in case the Trustees at any Time act'enibled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then and in any or either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the said Trustees to adjourn such Meetings; and he is hereby required, by Notice to be inserted in lorne One or more Newspaper or Newspapers circulating in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, or to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes or 'l’oll Gates which shall be then erected upon the said Road, at lead Ten Days before the next Meeting, to appoint the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to meet tat the Time and Place where the lad. Meeting of the said Trustees was appointed to have been held, (or at such other Time and Place upon or near the said Road, as to the said L’rultees, or to the said Clerk, shall seem convenient, so as such Meetings be held at Stillington aforesaid, or within Five Miles thereof,) at any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month from the-Day on which the lad Meeting of the said Trullees was appointed to have i been

io6i

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

been held; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll Hull be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, of any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie $ or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Sullage, Comport, or Manures, employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Wateting Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning f rom visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Partes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of York, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum nut exceeding Twenty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

X. And whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is declared and enacted, that no Person

[Lee. (s’ Per.'] 12 N shall

I

General

Exemption!.

I©62

For compelling Surveyor* delivering Lilts of Persons liable to do Statute Labour, to specify Rental, or yearly Value of Lands.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

shall be charged with Toll who shall pass through any Gate or Gates on the said Road with a Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, which shall be employed only in carrying or drawing any Dung or Mould for manuring of Lands or Grounds, within such Parishes, Places, or Townships: And whereas such Exemption hath been found injurious to the Road, by Persons taking the Benefit thereof in Winter, be it therefore further enacted, That all such Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages, carrying or drawing Dung or Mould on the said Road, between the First Day of November land the First Day of March in every Year, shall be charged with and liable to pay a Toll, not exceeding One-third of the Tolls to be collected at such Gate or Gates for any other Waggons, Carts, and Carriages; any Thing in the said Acts or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, that the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being shall, upon Oath, if thereto required by the said Trustees, give and deliver unto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, a true Lift, according to the best of their Knowledge, of all the Inhabitants of such respective Townships and Districts, liable to do and perform their Statute Work upon the said Roads, with Teams or otherwise, but such Surveyors are not thereby compelled to specify the Quantity of Statute Work to be done by each Inhabitant liable to do Statute Work upon the said Road; be it therefore further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of all and every the Parishes, Townships, Districts, and Places, through which the said Road pafles, shall, within Fourteen Days after the same shall be required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, give and deliver unto the said Trustees a true and perfect Lift, according to the best of his or their Knowledge of all and every the Inhabitants of such respective Parishes, Townships, Districts, and Places, liable to do and perform their, his, and her Statute Work upon the said Road, with Teams or otherwise, together with the Quantity of Statute Work to be done by each Inhabitant liable to perform Statute Work upon the said Road as aforesaid; and in case any such Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refuse so to do, such Surveyor or Surveyors shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Surveyor or Surveyors, by a Warrant of One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Riding or Place where such Surveyor or Surveyors so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid shall reside, (in case the fame be not paid on Demand,) over and above the Sum of Five Pounds in the said recited Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, directed to be paid by every Surveyor neglecting or refusing to deliver to the said Trustees Lifts of Persons liable to do and perform their Statute Work upon the said Road with Teams or otherwise, in case such last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred; the same to be applied in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, with respect to the Penalty or Forfeiture thereby incurred by the Surveyor or Surveyors neglecting or refusing to deliver in such Lifts as are therein mentioned.

I

Ills

ihf

Infi

jti

ale

m

rill1

eery,

the!

and

&P

Wai

ni)

la,

to*

Bt

Bat

Iw

if

too

Here

#v tft th*

III

mi

fa

Itr

fa

B;

ku

la

*t

101

tie

to

fc

nl

t

if

e

4

t

t

4+* GEORGII III. Cap. 68. 1063

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Dtrefling the awarded tobe paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, ^compen'-t aken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for ration Money the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, wheree>«(-Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, "'s ° 10 as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said. Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Wav, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments In the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, assessing the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Putchafe shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any MoneY Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, °i on Tierney*' taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Cor- when left thw poration, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as «>/ aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name

and

1064

Application where lef3 than *o/«

In case of not making out Title* j

or if Persons cannot be found, Pur-ehsfe Money to be paid into the Bank;

subjetf to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

and with the Privity of the Paid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit j or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known ordifeovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [de-feriiing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Chart shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invtfted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such

Person

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Eanlc Annuities, to the Person or Persons who would have been in Possession of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase; and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poffdfion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said Acts, or either of them, or out of the First Monies which shall be collected or received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[Lee. & Per."] 12 O

IC65

Where any

Quction fhati aiife touching the Title to^Mo» ney to be paid, the Person who shall be in Pottettion of the Lands, at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Poflcssion.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the County,

For paying the Expenses of the Act.

Publick Act*

io66

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

GEORGII III. Cap. 68.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and con-turned by the said Acts, shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts and this Act (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Frinted by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QJJARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*A 4i*

Cap. 69.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from. Chippenham Bridge in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerset.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chippenham Bridge in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and from the Stone Pillar to the 'Top o/Old Sodbury Hill, in the said County of Gloucester, whereby the said Roads were divided into Two Districts, and Trustees appointed for the Care of each, One of which Districts, containing the Road from Chippenham Bridge in the County of Wilts, through the several Parishes or Hamlets of Chippenham, Latigley-Burrell, Harden Huish, Tatton Keynell, Biddejlone, Slaughter ford. North Wraxall, Marshfield, and Cold Ashton, to join the Bath Road, at the Top of Togg Hill, in the Parish [Loc4 ft? Per. j 11 f of

iS G. 3,

toyo

So much of

said Act as relates to the Marshfield Difkrict of Road repeal, ed, and this Act to take place indead thereof.

44.® GEORGII III. Cap. 6g.

of Doynlon in the County of Gloucester, was by the said Act called The Marshfield Dislrid: And Whereas the Trustees for executing the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof, with respect to the said Marsh-field District of Road, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money oti the Credit of the Roads comprized within the said District, wh;ch Money is ftilj due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Road comprizing the said District be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued; and it would be more convenient to the Trustres for executing the said Act, and beneficial to such District of Road if the said Act, so far as relates to the said Marshfield District were repealed, and further and other Powers granted for the amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said District of Read called The Marshfield District: And whereas the Roads herein-after mentioned, (that is to say), the Road leading from the Tel bury Turnpike Road, near The Cross Hands Inn, in Old Sodbury, through Tor mar ton, and over West Kinglet Devon, to the Town of MaiJhfield; the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road at and from a Place called Sherrcl otherwise Shire Hill, in the Parish of Marfl.field aforesaid, into the said Marshfield District of Road, nearly opposite thac Part of the Parish of North Wraxall called Lower Wraxall; the Road leading from and out of the last described Road in the Common Field of West Kington, called The Outer South Field, to a Gate called Combe Gate, at the Non h-eastward Corner of Marshfield Down, and thence to a Publick House called The Star, in the said Parish of Marshfield', the Road leading from the North End of Sheep Fair Lane in the Town of Marshfield, into the Bath Turnpike Road, called The Colerne Road, leading from the City of Bath to the Village of Colerne, nearly opposite to a certain Wood in the Parish of Colerne, called West Wood; the Road leading from and out of the said last described Road, at a Place called Fuddle Brook, in the said Parish of Marsh-field, to and through the Tything of Eyford in the said Parish, to the Parish of Katherine', the Road leading from and out of the said Beth Turnpike Road, called The Colerne Road, near a Place called Canning’s Grave, along a Lane called Morris’s Lane, in the Parishes of Batheafton and Bath-f<rd, or one of them, into the Bath Turnpike Road called The London Road near Bathford Bridge; the Road leading from the West End of the said Town of Marshfield to the said Tetbury Road near the Turnpike erected on, the said last mentioned Road, near a Place called Oldfield otherwise Woefield Corner; and also the Road leading from the South End of Teuching End Lane, in the said Town of Marshfield, to the Village of Weji Lit-tleton, in the several Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, and Wilts, are very niuch out of Repair, narrow in many Parts, and incommodious for Passengers and Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall, as soon as a sufficient Number of Trustees appointed by this Act are assembled, at the first Meeting pursuant to the Directions herein-after contained, and shall have proceeded to put this Act in Execution, be, and the fame is hereby declared to be then repealed, so far as the fame relates to the said District of Road in the said Act called The Marsh.

field

44° GEORGII III. Cop.69* 1071

field DiflrlEl; and that, instead thereof, this Act shall commence and take Effect, and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as well for the Purpose of more effectually amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the Parish of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, through the several Parishes or Hamlets of Chippenham, Langley-Burrell. Harden Huish, Ellington, Biddeftane, Fatten Keynell, Slaughter ford, Caftlt Combe, and North Wraxali, in the County of Wilts, and Marshfield and Cold Ashton, in the County of Gloucester, to the Top of Tegg Hill, in the Parish of Doynton, in the County of Gloucester, as also for the Purpose of amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the additional Roads herein-after mentioned, (that is to say), the Road leading from the Tetbury Turnpike Road near The Croft Hands Inn, in Old Sodbury, through Tormarton, and over West Kington Down, to the Town of Marshfield -, the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road at and from a Place called Sherrel otherwise Shirt Hill, in the Parish of Marshfield aforesaid, into the said Marshfield District of Road nearly opposite that Part of the Parish of North Wraxali, called Lower Wraxali -, the Road leading from and out of the last described Road in the Common Field of West Kington, called The Outer South Field, to a Gate called Combe Gate, at the North Eastward Corner of Marshfield Down, and thence to a Publick House called The Star, in the Panlh of Marshfield; the Road leading from the North End of Sheep Fair Lane, in the Town of Marshfield, into the Bath Turnpike Road, called The Coltrne Road, leading from the City of Bath to the Village of Colerne, nearly opposite a certain Wood in the Parish of Colerne, called West Wood-, the Road leading from and out of the said lad described Road at a Place called Fuddle Brook, in the fudParifli of Marshfield, to and through the Tything of Eyford in the said Parish, to the Parish of Katherine; the Road leading from and out of the said Bath Turnpike Road, called The Colerne Road, near a Place called Canning’s Grave, along a Lane called Morris's Lane, in the Parishes of Batheafton and Bathford, or one of them, into the Bath Turnpike Road, called The London Road, near Bathford Bridge-, the Road leading from the West End of the said Town of Marshfield to the said Tilbury Road near the Turnpike, erected on the said last mentioned Road near a Place called Oldfield otherwise Woefield Corner -, and also the Road leading from the South End of Touching End Lane, in the said Town of Marshfield, to the Village of West Littleton, in the several Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, and Wilts; which said several and respective Roads Lft mentioned and described shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be consolidated with and taken to be aPart of the said Marshfield District, and be one Trust; and that this Act, and all (be Tolls which shall be collected on the said Roads, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said Road from Chippenham Bridge to the Top of Togg Hill aforesaid, and of the said recited Act, and to the Payment of all Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Charles Henry Trustew* Somerset commonly called Lord Charles Henry Somerset, the Right Honourable Robert Edward Henry Somerset commonly called Lord Robert Edward

Henry

44-' GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

Henry Somerset, the Right Hrnourable Arthur John Henry Somerset commonly called Lord Arthur John Henry Somerset, the Right Honourable William George Henry Somerset commonly called Lord William George Henry Somerset, the Right Honourable John Thomas Henry Somerset commonly called Lord John Thomas Henry Somerset, the Right Honourable Fitzroy James Henry Somerset commonly called Lord Fitzroy James Henry Somerset, the Right Honourable Henry Somerset commonly called Earl of Glamorgan, the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley, Robert Ashe, Ashe Clerk, William Blathwayt, George William Blathwayt Clerk, John Beard, John Baldwin, Joseph Baldwin, Crijlopher Codrington, John Clement, Jonathan Cope Clerk, William Dickinson, Charles Dickinson, Peter Drewelt, Eflmead Edridge, Ambrose Goddard, Peter Gunning Doctor in Divinity, Isaac Webb Horlock, Isaac William Webb Horlock Clerk, Richard Haynes, Matthew Humphrys, James John Hume Clerk, Thomas Hooper Clerk, William Hillier, Edward Isaac, Nicholas Isaac, William Gore Langton, Paul Cobb Methuen, Thomas Fielding Manning, John Merewether, Thomas CJborne, Henry Parry, Hewdigate Pdyntz Clerk, Charles Page Clerk, James Pidding Clerk, William Scrope, Thomas Shapland, Henry Smith, Henry Southouse Clerk, John Tily, Stephen Togbill, Henry Penruddock Wyndham, John Burton Watkin Clerk, John Wells Clerk, John Whittington Clerk, Thomas Whittington, Thomas Walters, Robert Whittington, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees so putting this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Trustees herein-before named, or to be elected as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under his Hand to be delivered to the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall rei'use to act, or, being disqualified, shall be rendered incapable of acting as herein-after mentioned, or shall (if not a Minor) neglect to act: for the Space of One Year, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trullees, or any Five or moreofthem, by any Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint one other Person to be a Trustee in the room of the Trustee so dying, neglecting, or refusing to act, or being rendered incapable of acting as aforesaid, and all and every Person and Persons who shall be so elected and appointed, shall be veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Elxecution as if he or they had been a Trustee or Trustees named in this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ntt Person shall be qualified to act, or be capable of acting as a Trustee in any Case in the Execution of this Act, whilst he holds any Place of Profit under the fame, nor in any Case wherein he shall be personally interested (otherwise than as a Creditor) nor unless he shall at the Time of his acting be seised or posselfed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, or be possessed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the dear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds; and if any Person not being (o qualified, shall presume to act in the Trust aforesaid, or being rendered incapable of acting, shall nevertheless presume to act contrary to the true

Intent

44-9 GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 1073

Intent and Meaning hereof, evtry such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action ot Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, or not rendered incapable as aforesaid (as the Case may be), or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof being given Of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied to the Repair of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall order and appoint.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That Trustees to every Trustee, before he acts as such (not being such Heir apparent as t9k* an°ath-aforesaid) shall take and subscribe an Oath before any Two or more of the said Trustees, and who are hereby empowered and required to administef the fame, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ t A.B. do swear. That I am truly and bond sids in my own Right [or, in Oath.

1 the Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment [er,

‘ Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Herdita-

ments of the dear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes, [or, am

possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate, or a Real and Personal ‘ Estate together, of the Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds,] and

that I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me by virtue of ‘ an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King Gtorgt ‘ the Third, intituled, An All [/we infers the Title of this Act'} according to the best of my Skill and Judgement, and without Favour or Afleo*

lion to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five TrusteesFirft or more of them, shall meet together at the House of Joseph Downs known McCt,ns-

by the Name or Sign of The King's Anns Inn at Marshfield, in the said County of Gloucester, on the Third Tuefdny next after the passing of this Act, or as loon after as conveniently may be, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then and there, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at such other Time and Place, or Times and Places, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper and appoint, for the better managing of the several Turnpikes to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, and executing all other the Powers and Purposes herein contained, and that Two Trustees present at any Meeting shall be sufficienc for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting a lutficienc Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn, or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall adjourn the Meeting to the Place where the last Meeting was appointed to have been held, at such Time as he or they shall think fit, not exceeding the Space of Twenty-one Days,from the Time of the last Default, and shall give Notice thereof in Writing to be affixed on each of the Turnpike Gates then erected or to be erected on the said Roads , and in case no such Adjournment, Notice, or Apoointmenc [Lee. £sf Per.'] 12 for

io;4

Trustees to pay their own Expmces at Meeting*.

No Victualler to hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

For repealing Orders.

Meetings to b« called on Emergencies.

44® GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

for Meeting shall be made or given by such Clerk or Clerks, then it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees to cause Notice in Writing to be affixed upon such of the Turnpike Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads as they shall think proper, appointing the Trustees to meet at such Time and Place near the said Roads, as they the said Three or more Trustees shall think proper, not exceeding Twenty-one Days nor less than Six Days from the Time of affixing such Notice; and the Trustets shall at all and every the'r Meetings defray their own Charges and Expences j and all Orders and Determinations of the Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise, (except as herein-after is mentioned,) and that no Order or Determination shall be made, unless the major Part of the Trustees present shall concur and agree therein; and that all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested; and in all Cases where the Trustees are by this Act authorized to examine any Person or Persons on Oath, it shall be lawful for such Trustees or any Two or more of them to administer such Oath.

VII. And be it it further enacted, Thac no Victualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, Cyder, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, at their Meetings, in, for, or concerning the Execution of the Trusts or Authorities of this Act, shall be revoked, repealed, altered, or set aside by any subsequent Order of the said Trustees, unless Nine Trustees shall be present and concur therein at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which intended Alteration Notice shall be given at a previous Meeting of the said Trustees, and entered in their Book or Books of Proceeding, and such Notice, specifving the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, and the Time and Plate of the Meering, shall be affixed on all the Turnpike Gates which shall then be erected on the said Roads Fourteen Days at leaf! before the said Meeting.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by luth Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof by Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected upon the said Roads, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Orders of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten nor more than Twenty-one Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly -, and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 1075

X. And be it further enacted, That all Ordeis and Proceedings of pr^ce"d*"ds the Paid Trustees shall be entered in a Buok or Books to be kept for that of°ti>e Tru*-' Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered, shall be signed by all tees to be or the major Part of the Trustets making the same; and that every such Bo'ksd Book or Books shall be open at all fealonable Times to the Inspection of

any of the said Trustees, without Fee or Reward; which said Book or Books shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Trustees may sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of in'°e Nanm this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being, of their Trca-and that no Action or Suit, to be brought or commenced by the Direc- urerorCle,k-tion of Oi-against the said Trustets by virtue of this Act, in the Name of

their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, orany Five or more of them, but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Cale may be) in such Action or Suit: Provided always, Jr"krut^cor that every such Treasurer or Clerk, in whose Name any Action or Suit reimbursed shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall Expences. be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise in pursuance of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, orany Five Appointing or more of them, present at their first or any subsequent Meeting, by officers, any Writing under their Hands shall and may nominate and appoint One

or more fit Person or Persons to be Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers. Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, and also One or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and such other Officers as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treal'urers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others in the room of such of them as shall be so removed, or as shall die or become incapable of performing their Duty; and may and are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay to the several Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers, and to all Persons who shall assist them, or any of them, in or about the Execution of this Act, such Salaries, Rewards, and Allowances for their Attendance, Care, Labour, and Service, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem reasonable; and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time when there- Officers to unto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, deliver 3CC;iuat-to such Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them, shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, and received, and how and to' whom and for what Purposes the fame and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments,

and

1076

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 6 9.

and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer) and all such Officers and Persons shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as upon Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their H.nds, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of thrm, shall appoint to receive the (time j and if the said Officers or Persons shall retule or neglect to render and give such Account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the lame, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands, when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officers or Persons shall reful'e or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint within Twenty-one Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, all Books, Papers, or Writings in their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case (Complaint being made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, of any such Neglect or Rrfufal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting shall liveor reside)such Justice may, and is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts (if produced) in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, might have done; and if upon the Contession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any Witness or Witnesses it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and empowered upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or War. rants under his Hand and Seal to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of taking and making such Distress, and of felling the fame, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose (unless for some reasonable Excuse) of if appearing shall reful’e or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of such Accounts, and of the Articles thereof, on Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or to deliver up all such Books, Papers, or Writings as aforesaid, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid the said Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County where he or they shall live or reside, there to remain without Bail or Miinprize until he or they shall have delivered

i©77

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

fivered in and settle his or their Accounts, and have verified the fame on Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in their resptflive Hands, and the reasonable Charges of fuel) Distress and Sale, as shall in that Hefpedt have been made, or until he or they shall have compounded w.th the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Lme, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition Money the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make)or until he shall have delivered of such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall have been employed, or who shall have received any Tolls or other Money on account of the said Roads, by virtue or on account of the said former Act, or shall have in their Custody or Pofltlfion any Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, or ether Things relating to the Roads in-tludul in the said Acts, which are now included in this Act, shall account for the fame and every Part thereof to the Trustees of this Act, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as the several other Officers and Persons are herein-before directed to account.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col-lcdtor of the Tolls shall die or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, or be guilty of any Fraud cr Neglect in his Office, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver so becoming incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself, or guilty of Fraud or Neglect; and in such Case, and also in case any such Collector or Receiver shall die, such Trustees shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the Trustees, in the Stead ol such Collector or Receiver as shall die or be discharged, and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respefls, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or would have been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representative or Representa-tives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toil House or Building, continued or erected by virtue of this Act, and Outbuildings and Gai den Ground adjoining, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the Did Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, then and in any of the said Cales it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place, by Warranc under his or their Hand and Seal, or

[L»r. Isf Per.] izR Hands

P^r/ons who have received l olls, etc. by virtue of former Act ro account with

Trustees in like Manner.

Trustees may

appoint tem-

fiorary CoU ectois.

CO o 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69. Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such new appointed Collector, into the Pofiession thereof, and also to afitfs a reasonable Satisfa<5lion for the Colls and Charges necrflarily incurred by Means of such Application, and otherwise relating thereto, to be paid by such Collector or other Person or Persons offending in the Premises, and on Non-payment thereof to commit such Collector or other Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol, or to any House of Correction in or for the respective County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Costs and Charges shall be sooner paid.

Treasurer to give tecuriry.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall take such Secur.ty iiom the Treasureror Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices as they the said Trustets, or any f ive or mote of them, shall think proper.

Trustee< miy

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trnflees, or any Five continue ami or more of them, shall and may continue th" Turnpike Gates already

erect Turnpike Gate or Gates. erected upon any Part or Pai *s of the said Roads, and may and shall ered or cause to be erected any additional Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the lain several and respective Roads, and also upon the Side or Sides thereof, and aciof any Lane, or Way leading into or out of the fame respectively, and also cause to be erected or provided a Toll House or Toil Houses with suitabie Outbuildings at or near each Turnpike Gate, and also take in and indole from any Common or Walk near the said Raads, or other Land adjoining, a Garden Spot to ea: h Toll House suitabie and convenient thereto, (o as such Garden Spo; does not exceed Six Poles square, and may and shall also provide and maintain a Lamp or Lamps, with proper Furniture, at or near each Turnpike Gate, and from Time to Time to remove such Turnpike Gate or Turnpike Gates, and Toll Houses, or to alter the fame, cr any Part or Parts thereof respectively, as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think meet or expedient; and that the Tolls following shall be demanded and taken at every such Turnpike Gate by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, or as shall be appointed by any Person or Persons to whom the lame may be let, before any Horle or other Beast, or any Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pals through the lame; (that is to say),

Tolls. For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence; and that with respect to the Tolls, Two Oxen shall be deemed and considered as One Horse: For every empty Four-wheeled Coach, Chaise, Waggon, or other Four-wheeled Carriage, drawn at the Tail of any Waggon or Cart, the Sum of Sixpence: For

1079

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

For every empty Tvvc-wheeled Chaise, Chair, Cart, or other Two-wheeled Carriage, drawn at the Tail of any Waggon or Carr, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, cr Act, not diawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or leis Number:

Which said respective Sums shall be demanded and taken in the Name of Toils veiled or as a Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and ln Trustee‘-shall be applied as are herein-afeer directed; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refule to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect: such Tolls, by himlclf or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he or they shall think neetdary, and which Afiiltance all Persons are hereby required to give (if called upon) to seize and distrain any Iiorle or Hoifes, or other Cattie or Beads, or any Carriage, upon which such Tolls are by this Act imposed, together with the Bridles, Saddles, HarneF, Gears, and Accoutrements, or a sufficient Part thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, shall not be paid within the Space of Three Days after such Sc zure and Didrdsmade, the Person or Persons lo frizing and diilraining shall and may fell the Florfe or Hoifes, Cattle, Carnage, or other Thing so seized or didrained, ora sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus of the Money (if any be) and what shall remain unfold of the Things didrained, upon Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Didrefs, and Sale, shall bededufted.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dif- oifp-itej pute shall happen about the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of concerning taking, keeping, or felling any D.stress, it shall be lawful for the Collector fenledby'a or Person didraining to retain the fame, or the Money arising from the Justice.

Sale thereof (as the Case may be) till the Amount of the Tolls due, and the Charges of seizing, didraining, keeping, and felling (as the Case shall happen) be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the respective County, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Wic-nesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such seizing, didraining, keeping, and felling, and allbof the necessary Attendance of the Collector, and Person or Persons drifting him, upon the said Justice, all which Sums so determined or aflclfed shall be paid to the said Collector, before he shall be obliged to return the said Didrefs, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen or Dilutes be-arid between the Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls, his or their Ser-

vants, Agents, or Assistants, with any Trudee, Treasurer, Clerk, Sur- ethmtobe veyor, or other Officer, employed on the said Roads, or with any Paffen- a

ger or Passengers travelling on the fame, by such Colltftor or Collectors, summary

or way

iq8o

Toll Collectors to be competent Witnesses.

Tolls to be p,id but once a Day-

44-0 GEORGII III. Cap. 6g,

or any Person or Persons by him or them employed, offering any such Trustee, Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor or other Officer, or Passenger or Passengerf, any bad or bale Coin, or any Counterfeit Coin, not being the current Coin of this Kingdom, or by unnecessarily dtlaying or detaining any such Trustee, Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, or other Officer, Passenger or Passengers, or by such Collrdor or Collectors, or his or their Servants, Agents, or Assistants, or other Person or Persons, by them employed, making ufr of any scurrilous or blasphemous Language, th n and in either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, residing near the Place where any such Offence or Offences shall be f> committed, upon Complaint of the Person or Persons so detained, delayed, or aggrieved, to cause such Collrdor or Cclkders, his or their Servants, Agents, or Affiftints, or any Perf ner Persons by him or them employed, and all other Persons concerned to appear, and be brought before such Justice of the Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, and to make Inquiry of and concerning such Offence or Offences, in a summaty Way, as well by the Conftffion of the Parties themselves, as by the Testimony of any Person or Persons aggrieved upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer); and ir any such Collrdor or Collrdors, his or their Servants, Agents, or Assistants, or any other Person or Persons by him or them employed, or any or either of them, shall be convicted by such Justice of any Offence or Offences, every such Person so convicted shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice of the Peace, before whom he, (lie, or they shall be so convicted, together with all reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Conviction.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Difpuie, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or in cale of any Proceeding or Prosecution for the obtaining any of the Penalties imposed by this Act, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any ocher Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be, and they are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect such Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said l'rustees.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall interrupt or hinder, or cause or procure to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor Lis than Twenty Shillings.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have paid the Tolls by this Act granted for the passing of any Cattle, Beaji, or Carriage, through any Turnpike Gate continued or erecied, or to be erected by virtue of this Act, the same Person or Persons, upon producing a Note or Ticket of the Day denoting such Payments, shall be permitted to pass and rrpafs through the fame Gate or Turnpike with the fame Cattle or Bead and Carriage Toll-lree at any Time or Times

during

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 108

during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night, which .'aid Note or Ticket the Collectors or Receivers of the said Tolls are hereby required to dtliver gratis (if demanded) on Payment of such Toll.

XXII. And whereas some Part or Parts of the said respective Roads Fencing of may lead over or by the Sides of Open Fields, Commons, or Waste Grounds, whereby the Tolls may be avoided; be it therefore enacted,

That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may cause Fences and Ditches to be ciefted and made over such Parts of such Fields, Commons, or Wade Ground', as they shall think necessary, in order to prevent the Payment of Tolls being avoided; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down, or in anywise displace or carry away any such Fence, or ^ny Part thereof, or shall in anyway fill in or spoil any such Ditch, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, over and above the Expence of replacing the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemption taken for the Passage of any Cattle or Carriage which shall be going un- ro‘" lo" laden or empty for, or that shall be used only in conveying, or that shall be returning unladen or empty after having been used only in conveying Stones, Brick, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any Biidges or Culverts belonging to the said Roads, or for repairing any publick Road or Highway within any of the Townships,

Hamlets, or Places, wherein any Part of the said Roads lies; or Dung,

Lime, Marl, Soil, Mould, Compolt,or other Manured whatever Naiure or Kind soever, or Hay, Grass, Sainfoin, or other Fodder, Corn in the Straw, or Straw to be laid up in the Buildings or Premises of the Owners or Proprietors thereof (other than except Flay, Corn, or Straw fold, or for Sale) , nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor shall any Toll be taken for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Stable, Water, or Palture, nor for any Cattle which shall be going to be, or returning after having been Ihoed or farried j or for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty’*

Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprefies, or returning back theiefrom; or for the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Carriages attending them laden with their Arms Or Baggage, or returning empty after having been lo employed, or for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants lent by legal Pafies; or for any Coach, Berlin,

Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, Curricle, or Chair, or Horses drawing the fame, or Persons or Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Wilts, Glaucefier, or Somerset, on the Day or Days of any such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of DivineWorship, on a Sunday or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or going to visitor returning from visiting his lick Parishioners, for passing [Lee. & Per.'} 12 S through

1082 ^4e GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

through any of the said Gates or Turnpikes to or from their respective Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship on Sundays or any other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corple, or going to or '

attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the said Roads do lie; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid (not being entitled to the fame) every such Person shall for every Rich Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

B

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, c

with any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage whatsoever, pass through or over any Land or Ground, Passage or private Way; or if any Person or f

Persons owning or occupying any such Land or Ground, Passage or private Way, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass with any Horse, Cattle, Brail, or Carriage, through or over the fame, whereby

the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or shall give to or receive from any other Person or Persons, any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to f

be given by the Collectors of the Tolls; or if any Person shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle or Bead from any Carriage, or having parted through any Turnpike Gate erected or continued by 1

virtue of this Act, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or i

Bead to such Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said i

Tolls; or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near the said Roads, any Cattle or Carriage, with an Inttn: to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or shall with such Intent unload any Goods or other Things from or out of any Carriage; or if any Person or Persons shall do any other Act in order or with Intent to avoid the Payment thereof, or any Part ihereof, every such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall f r each Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings; One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the j

other Moiety thereof shall be applied towards chePurpol'es of this Act.

.., U1W

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Right and Property of

ami Materials all the Turnpike Gates, Weighing Engines, Bars, Rails, and Fences,

Trutte's1 Toll Houses and Buildings, which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, with their Appurtenances, and the Right and Property of all the Working Tools and Materials for making and repairing Buildings, or for making, altering, completing, and repairing the said Roads, and all other Materials, Matters, and Things, provided or collectrd, or to be provided or collected, for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trullees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to dispose thereof as they shall think proper, and to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to prefer or cause to be preferred any Bill or Bills of Indiftment against any Person or Persons who shall Ileal, take, or carry away, break, injure, or spoil the fame, or any Part thereof, or disturb the said Trullees, their Agents or Servants, in the Possession thereof.

Penalty on permitting Passage through plicate Grounds or evading the Toll.

Penalty on fraudulently taking the Benefit of any of the Exemptions*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 1083

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tolls may be Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at ei ened' any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, to lefien or reduce

all or any of the Tolls by this Act granted, at all, any, or either of the said Turnpikes, so that the fame, or any Part thereof, be not reduced more that One Half, and for such Time or Times, and to cause the same to be collected in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and may after- andr»ir«l wards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened to again' any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Rates herein-before mentioned; and such reduced Tolls shall and may be demanded, collected, recovered, paid, applied, and assigned, in such and the same Manner as the said Tolls are directed to be demanded, collected, recovered, paid, applied, and assigned, but no such Reduction shall be made, unless the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money, which shall have been lent on the Credit of the Tolls intended to be reduced, shall be consenting thereto; and no such Meeting shall be held for the Purposes of such Reduction, unless Ten Days previous Notice at the lead shall be given thereof in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes which shall be then erected by virtue of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ToI), maybe Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, by Writing leased, under their Hands, to lease the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof,

unto any Person or Persons from Year to Year, or for any Term of Years not exceeding Three Years, for the bell: Rent that can be got for the fame, payable at such Time, and under such Covenants, and to such Person or Persons as they the said Trustees, or any Fi"e or more of them, shall direct or appoint, and the Monies arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so leased are directed to be applied,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustee*, or any Trustees em-

Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered com^untffo*

from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree Tofts.01

for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with any Person or Persons for any Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, passing through any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates, so that no such Composition shall be made for any Cattle or Carriages travelling for Hire; and all such Composition Money shall be paid One Year in Advance, otherwise such Composition shall be void.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trusteesnuy Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to borrow and take up at In- mortgage terest upon the Credit of the said Tolls, such Sum or Sums of Money as Tolls' they, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and may and are hereby empowered to assign over, demile, or mortgage the said Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpikes or TollHouses forcollefting the fame, with the Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging,

Cthe Costs and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of the Tolls,) as a Security to any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Admi-niftracors, and Assigns, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal Interest as the said Trustees shall think proper,

which

4084

Form of Mortgage.

Form »f Trai »fer.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

which Money so borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner and for such Purposes as herein-afrer are mentioned; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trustees making the lame shall think proper; ('videlicet),

DY virtue and in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth ' Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

[here insert the Title of this Act,~\ We, Five of the Trustees for executing

the said Act, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, in Consideration of the Sum of to A.B. the Treasurer of the

Roads in the said Act mentioned in Hand paid by C.D. of

Do grant, bargain, fell, demise, and transfer unto

the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising upon the said Roads, and of the Turnpikes ' and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of

‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due and

‘ owing on the Credit thereof, or charged upon the Term of the said Act,

to be had and holden by the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, from the Day of in the

Year of our Lord for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of

with Interest, after the Rate of per Centum

per Annum, shall be sooner paid and fabsfied unto the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns. In Witness whereof we have

hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the of in

the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Truf-tecs, and every Person to whom any Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, and also every Person to whom any Mortgage or Assignment shall have been made or continued under or by virtue of the said former Act, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, is hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Assignment under his or her Hand to be indorsed on the Back of his or her Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his or her Hand, before Two credible Witnesses, to assign over and transfer his or her Right and Title to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect:

T do hereby transfer andaflign over this Mortgage \jor, a certain Mort- gage, (Ac. as the Case may be~] with all my Right and Title to the

Principal Money thereby secured, and all Interest now due on the fame, unto his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand, the Day of

4 Witness C.D. A. B.’

4 E. F.

All which Transfers or Assignments shall be produced and notified 10 the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees within Twenry-one Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Sums ot

Money

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 3085

Money therein mentioned, to be transferred in the Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Moitgages and Alignments, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, which said Book or B roks shall at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected by the said Trustees and Creditors, without Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made, but not till then, such Transfer, shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame, and so toties queries, but no Money shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls, after the first Meeting of the said Trustees, unless Notice in Writing be for that Purpose affixed upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected on the said Roads, at lead Twen-ty-one Days before the borrowing thereof.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five old Mort-or more of them, shall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and can- §*'caNccUri, cel all or any of the Mortgages now Banding our, that were made by vir- =*"d l» °nes tue of the said Act, and give and execute another Mortgage or other gra"te Mortgages in lieu thereof respectively, in Manner, and transferable as herein-before mentioned.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That noPre- No Priority ference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing any Sum or Sums of Mortgager; of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom

any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned. Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree one with another.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That out of any Monies already re- Application ceived by virtue of the said Act with respect to the said Roads, or out of olt"eMoney» the first Monies which shall be raised or received by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall in the first place pay and discharge all the Costs and Expences relative to procuring and passing this Act, and the Remainder of the Money so raised or received shall from Time to Time be applied in putting this Act in Execution, and in repaying the Principal Money by this Act charged, or by virtue hereof to be borrowed on the said Roads and on this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and all such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, cur, dig, get, gather, take, and carry away any Furze, Heath, Gravel, Stones, Sand, Flint, Chalk, and other Materials for repairing and improving the said Roads, cut of or from any Common or Waste, River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, in which any Part of the said Roads lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Hamler, Township, or Place, without paying anything for the fame, such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Persons filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping the Banks, where such Ma-£Loc.(f Per ] 12 T terials

Surveyora may get Materials for amending the Roads, ttc.

io86

making Sstiffaetion to the Owners of lands.

Notice to be give* to the Occupiers Of Lands before Materials are to be taken therefrom.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

terials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, search (or, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials, in and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds, of any Person or Persons where the fame may be found or had, such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park or Paddock, Walk or Avenue to a Houfr, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, making or tendering such Rate for such Materials to the Owner or Owners of such Ground or Grounds, and also such Satisfaction for the Damages done, by getting and carrying away such Materials, to the Owners or Occupiers of the Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for repairing or improving the said Roads, shall be carried, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons appointed and employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Payments or Damages, the Justices of the Peace at their next Quarter Sessions, or the ensuing Quarter Sefilons after at the farthest, to be holden for the County where the Cause of Complaint shall arise, on Ten Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, or left at their respective la(t or usual Places of Abode, shall hear, settle, and determine the Time of such Payments and Damages, and the Judgement or Order of such Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and the Money so adjudged shall be paid on Demand, by the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing or improving the said Roads, out of or from any inclosedLandsor Grounds, until Notice in Writing signed by the Surveyor shall have been given to the Land Owner, or his Agenr, or to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the House or last or usual Place of Abode, of such Occupier, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place wherein such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Land Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Land Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself, or herself, or Agent (except for some reasonable Excuse) the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fic, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent had attended, and the Order of such Trustees or Justices as aforesaid shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

44° GliORGII III. Cap. 69. to8?

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take

away any Materials which shall have been dug, got, or gathered in any Material's*

Lands, Fields, Wastes, or Commons, River or Brcok, for the Purposes of this Act, or shall dig, get, or take away out of any Pit or Quarry,

which shall have been made for the Purpose of procuring Materials for the said Roads, before the Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discon-

tinued working therein for the Space of One Calendar Month (except the

Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by

such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Uie

only, and not for Sale) every Person l'o offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than

Forty Shillings.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Annoyance*. Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and

such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove Annoyances made or to made on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Saw Pits, Hovels,

Filth, Dung, Ashes, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and dispose of the fame for the Benefit of the Road; and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running along, into, or out of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining or near thereto, and make the same as deep and as large as they shall think necessary; and to cut down any Trees,

Shrubs, Wood, or Bushes, growing in the said Roads, and also to lop any Timber Trees, and to cut down, lop or top any other Trees, Shrubs,

Wood, or Bullies, growing in the Hedges or Banks adjacent to the said Roads, or being within Fifteen Feet of the Centre of the said Roads, and to take and carry aw ay the fame respectively, and to cut and reduce all such Hedges to the Height of Four Feet, in case the Persons occasioning such Annoyances shall neglect to remove the fame within Fourteen Days after Notice given for that Purpose, either verbally or in Writing, by the Surveyor, or in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands shall neglect to open, scour, cleanse, widen or deepen, such Watercourses or Ditches, or to cut down, lop or top, and remove such Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes, or reduce such Hedges in such Manner as the said Surveyor shall require, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after Notice given for those respective Purposes, the Charges whereof (to be settled by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them), shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor by such Owners or Occupiers, or the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoy ances, the same to be recovered in such Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and such Owners or Occupiers so neglecting to open, deepen, and cleanse such Watercourses or Ditches, or to cut and reduce such Hedges within the Time aforesaid after such Notice given shall likewise forfeit for every Foot in Length the Sum of Two pence, over and besides the Charges to be settled as aforesaid, and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Kind, every such Person shall for every such subsequent Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor leis than Forty Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Against draw* draw or cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or ^fthe Road*.

Piece

io88

causeways,#/<%

Trustees may purchase Lands*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69*

Piece of Timber, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall fcffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber to drag or trail upon any Parc of the said Roads, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Persons as they shall appoint by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to make and continue causeways, Drains, and Ditches, and to erect and maintain Arches and Bridges in and upon, or near the said Roads, and scour such Ditches and Drains, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of Grounds through which any such Drain or Ditch shall be made or cut, or on which any such Arch or Bridge shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners and Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby tuftam, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning the same, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County or Place (as the Case may be) or at their second General Quarter Sess. ons, or at any Adjournment thereof at the farthest, to hear, fetile, adjudge, and finally determine the Recompence which shall be made to such Owners or Occupiers, for the Damages they shall have sustained as aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall be and are hereby fully empowered, from Time to Time as they shall think proper, to widen or divert, turn, shorten, vary, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said several and respective Roads, and that any Variation of Road imy be made through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may thereby futtain; and it shall be lawful for the said Trufi tees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by widening, diverting, turning, shortening, varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said several and respective Roads through such Lands or Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, and Committees, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Infant Wards, Cejlttiyue Ttufts, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Persons of unfound Memory and Understanding, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised ot interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfiction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to exchange with, fell, and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for any the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Exchanges, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary

notwithstanding j

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act; and if any such Body Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or other Place or Places of Abode of such Person or PerTns, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of such Roads are to be diverted, turned, or altered, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises; or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Damage and Recompence to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County, and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as Occasion shall be, to sum-mnn and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer); and such Trustees, or any Five or more of them; shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use ail Ways and Means, a» well (or their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons interested in the Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict and Inquisition of such Jury; which said Verdict and Inquisition, and Judgement, Order, or Determination thereupon, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, or Otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as pretent, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, Idiots, and Persons under any Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever, and for summoning and returning such Jury, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County where the said Matters shall anse, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return Twenty.four Persons qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so summoned, impanneled, and returned, or out of (uih of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to draw by Ballot, and to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall return such other honest and [Lee. & Per.] it U indifferent

1089

idgo 44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, adbng in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his De* puty or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on futh Jury, and who shall not appear or appearing shall refuse to be sworn cn the said Jury, or being so Iworn shall refuse to give or not give a Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury shall refule or neglecf to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, so that no such Fine be more than Ten Pound* nor less than Forty Shillings, on any one Person for one Offence.

How Money

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recom-shall be charg- pence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Pared and tender. Qr persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents, and upon Payment, or in case of Rtfufal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Use of such Parties or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to widen, divert, or turn such Road through or over such Lands or Hereditaments, and to do all and every Ad, Matter, and Thing, with relation to such Lands or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause such Parts of the said Roads as shall be made, widened, diverted, or turned through any private Grounds, to be ditched or otherwise fenced from the adjoining Lands, and all Lands and Hereditaments which shall be made a Part of any Road by virtue of this Act, shall be for ever thereafter, to all Intents and Purposes, a common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair as such, and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomsoever shall be divested of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments; and after any such new Road shall be completed, the Lands con-ffituting the former Road, unless leading over some Moor or Waste Ground, or to some Village, Town, or Place, to which such new Road doth not lead, shall be veiled in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Repair of the Roads by this Act directed to be repaired; and all Deeds of Conveyance executed by the said Trustets, or any Five or more of them, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein the Lands shall be fuuate, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That the Power and Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees, shall not extend to the pulling down any Dwelling House or other Buidling, or the taking in the Site of any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, or to t.ke many Otchard, Garden, Yard, Paik, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue ’ to

Old Raids ir ay be fold.

Trustees not 10 pull down Houses, ©v. without consent, except,

44° GEORGII III. Ccip.^wj. 1091

to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nuriery for Trees, or any Part thereof, respectively, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof and Persons interested therein respectively; other than and except a certain Barn and Stable, and Piece of Land, and Part of a Close of Land or Ground now an Orchard, all adjoining each other, situate at Ford in the said Parish of Cajllecombe, and belonging ro William Scrope Esquire, and in the Occupation of John Bennett; and Part of the North-enftward Side of a certain Garden or Nursery, situate at Ford in the said Parish of North Wraxall, belonging to Paul Cobb Methuen Esquire, and in the Occupation of John Schneider} and a certainShop situate in the Town of Marjlsfield, belonging to Christopher Coarington Esquire, and James Stallard, and in the Occupation of Mary Sweetman Widow; and a certain Messuage or Tenement, all situate in the Town of Marshfield, belonging to Isaac William Webb Horlock Clerk, and Edward Hulbert, and in the Occupation of the said Edward Hulbert; and a certain Tenement or Dwelling-house, Garden Ground, and Stableadjoining each other, in the Occupation of Samuel Jones; and Part of a certain Rick Yard or Barron, in the Occupation of William Arnold-, and Part of a certain other Yard or Barton in the Occupation of Samuel Franhcom, all situate in the Lid Parish of ‘tormarlon, and the Property of his Grace the Duke of Beaufort, as shall be necessary for making the said Roads in such respective Phces of the Breadth of Twelve Yards; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in Expmce* of and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence for with^l^an<, the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands shall bebomei or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the fuminoning and returning of the Jury as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case, the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Tolls hereby granted, or out of any Money to be borrowed upon the Credit thereof; but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute.

XLIII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees Trusteeicm-are hereby empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, or by powered to reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Roads, they may notwantedlor happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, and of some the Purpose* Piece or Parcel of the said old Roads, over and above what will be necef- of tl,is fary for effecting the Purposes of this Act , be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, or Piece or Pieces of the said old Roads, either together

or

rogx

Persons whole Lands adjoin to have the Preference.

Application of Com pen fa-tion Money when exceeding »®o/.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

or in Parcels, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Truf-toes, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of the said old Roads, shall first offer the lame to the Person or Persons whrfe Lands shall adjoin thereto, and that the said Trustees, before they shall sell or dispose of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground i and in calc such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to

fiurchafe or repurchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and worn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Piece or Pieces ot old Roads or Ground shall lie, by fomc Person or Persons no waysinterested in the said Piece or Pieces ofold Roads or Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in ail Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, in pursuance of this A<fi, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerableor accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to arise from the Sate of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act of any Body Corporate, Eccle-iiastical, or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in iruft. Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be prefetred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affetting the fame Lands or Hereditament*,

1093

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

ments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money (halt not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invef-ted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intent-, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Laid Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Cor- no: amount t* poration, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as ."ee* aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall 2B/. exceed the Sumot Twenty Pounds, then and in allfuchCaies the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entirled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or uled, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the faiu Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLVII. Provided allb, and be it further enacted, That where such Applic*ti»n Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall where the be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall *

be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Frofits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees,

[Loc. £:? Per.~\ 12 X to

44’ GEOPvG;iI III. Cap. 69.

to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so intitled respectively.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case fuel) Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awatded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful or the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties inteieited in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_describing the trig, subject to the Order, Controul, and Dilpo-subject to the fition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on Court of tl e ,*1e Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Chancery on Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion oc Petition, shall be Petition?' and *s hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distr.buiion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereurto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and r.easonable; and the Cashier or Calibers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts so: such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

1094

In case of not making out Titles;

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to he paid into the Bank;

Where any

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any 'touching Option ih.dl arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to the rule to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity the°b* l^c Accountant General or the Court of Chancery, in pursuance

lerson who of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any

Poirertfonof Estate, Right, or Incereft in any Lands or Hereditaments, to be pur- the Lands,tSc. chafed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities, to be purchased atTilye°f with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank clan b°K1*e’ Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Polfdfion of such t tiTth "V Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons according to° claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession cf such such Possession. Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and thac

some

1095

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

*otne other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to fitch Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate orlmereft therein.

L. Provided also, and be it further enabled, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Laid Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work, or are chargeable or liable to or towards the repairing or amending of any Highway in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places through which the Roads by this Act directed to be amended, diverted, made, improved, and kept in Repair, do or shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of the said Roads so to be amended, diverted, made, improved, and kept in Repair, and to perform their respective Work thereon, in such and th" like Manner, in every Retpcft, as they are liable to the Repair of any other Common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place respectively; and that it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County where such Roads shall lie, to summon the Surveyors of the Highways for the respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Places, whe.cin any Part of the Roads by this Act intended to be amended, diverted, m de, improved, and kept in Repair, doth or shall lie, to bring, in Writing under their respective Hands, before them upon Oath, according to the bed of their Knowledge, within Fifteen Days after such Summons (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to admin Her) a List of the Names of all the Persons who are liable to do Statute Work for that Year with Teams or Draughts, or other wise, within such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places respectively, and shall in such Lift distinguish which of the said Persons keep, or by Law shall be deemed to keep a Team or Teams, and what Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of what reputed Annual Value they respectively occupy, and the said Justices shall and may order and appoint how many Days Statute Work Hull be done in a'Year by such Persons on the said Roads, which laid Statute Work shall be done by such Persons at such Times, in such Manner, and in such Parts of the said Roads within such respective Parish, Township, Hamlet, and Place, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; and if any P^rson shall neglect cr refuse to do such Statute Work, every such Person for each Day he shall make Default shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor iels than Twenty Shillings for each Team and Draught; and for every Cart with Two Horses or Beasts of Draught any Sum not exceeding F ourteen Shillings nor less than Seven Shillings; and for every Cart with One Horse or Beast of Draught, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings nor less than Six Shillings; and every Householder and Person liable to perform such Statute Work as a Labourer, shall forfeit any

Sum

The Court

may order reaicnable Expences «of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees#

Persons liable to the Repair of the Highways, tore-pan this Road.

Highway Surveyors to bring in Lifts of such Persons.

1096

Penalties on

Surreyon*,

(Sc. neglecting to a diver proper Lilts.

Statute Duty and other Repairs may be compounded for.

Penalties and Forfeitures.

44° GEORGII i III. Cap. 69.

Sum not exceeding Five Shillings nor less than Two Shillings and Sixpence for each Day’s Default; and if any Person shall be found idle or negligent in the Performance of Inch Statute Work, the Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors may, and he and they is and are hereby required todischarge such Person, or Inch Team or Draught, and it shall be deemed as if such Person or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work; and every such Labourer or Person, and the Owner of such Team or Draught shall be liable to such respective Penalties as aforesaid and in case any of the Surveyors of the Highways for such Parishes.Townships, Hamlets, or Places shall refuse or neglect to give in such Lift on Oath, as aforesaid, to such Justices, or shall be guilty of any Fraud therein, or shall neglect or refuse to summon such Persons to do their Statute Work as aforesaid, every such Surveyor shall, for every such Neglect, Refusal, or Fraud, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Fifty Shillings.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree, by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statue Work on any Part of the said Roads; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places, through which the said Roads lead, to compound and agree for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, in lieu of the Statute Work to be done upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads; and in case such Composition Money shall not be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Fifteen Days after the same shall be demanded, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County wherein such Parts of the said Roads shall lie, upon Oath made before him or them of such Default, and he or they is and axe hereby required to issue a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, empowering such Person so by the said Trustees appointed to receive such Composition Money to levy the same, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall have made such Composition a* aforesaid, and such Goods and Chattels fodistrained, after the Space of FourDays (such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of distraining and keeping the fame not being paid) to fell, returning the Overplus to the Owner or Owners thereof, upon Demand, after the Composition Money, and all reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deduced; which Composition Money shall be applied in the Repair of the said Roads in such respective Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, by which the same shall be raised and paid; and all such Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Money lo by them paid, in such Manner as Surveyors of Highways are by Law to be reimbursed the Money by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, hereby inflidecl or authorized to be imposed (if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise directed) shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any one Justiceot the Peace, for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall be and reside, either by the Confdlion of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oatn of one or more Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Good

io97

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

and Chattels of the Party or Patties offending, by Warrant tinder the Hand and Seal of such Justce, and the Overplus, after such Penalties* Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such D ft re Is and Sale are recovered and deduced, shall be returned upon Demand to the O.vner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid and levied (or such Parr or Parts thereof, as shall not otherwise be cireded to be applied by this Act) shall be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied in the Rcpairs of the said Roads; and in cale sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby author zed and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and S-al, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the County Gaol or 1 (ou(e of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, fur my Time not ex.ceding Six Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

IIV. And, for the moreeafy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act. be it further enacted, That all Julhcesof the Peace before whom any Person shall be convtded of any Offence against this Act, shall cause the Conviction to be diawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any 01 her Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Cale shall happen*

(videlicet,

tjc it remembered. That on the in the Year of our Fwmof

n Lord A.B. nviaion*

‘ is convicted before me C.D. one of h's Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of ['Specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and whe<e the fame was committed, as the Case shall bej. Given

under iny Hand and Seal the Day and Year fiijt above mentioned.’

LV. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act ^yForftcu,-Perlnns unknown to the Col edors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed tianfientou to puc rh>s Ad in Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be fenders lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respre-tively, and such other Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call t' their or any of their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons, who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace of the CrUnty, and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be commit-t-d, anti such Justice is hereby empowered ai d directed to proceed iinm diaiely to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to ob’ige such Person or P Ions so oftendi-g to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the nex Petty Srftion to be holden within and for the County or Division in which such Offence or Offences shall have betn committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized an requ red to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a fuiinnaiy Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either b\ ,\e Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be fvft taken, or by the Justnes at such Petty Seffinns as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justic- or Justii es respectively, to commit him, her, or them to the Com-[L*c. uf Per.] 12T mon

1098 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

mon Gaol or House of Correction of the same County or Division, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until he, she, or they shall sooner pay the rrfpedlive Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for fm h Offence or Oifences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

1 nr a fu red ,^a ml

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five

Mile Stones or more of them, may, if they think fit, cause the said Roads to be measured

rected. anj Stones or Ports to be placed in or near the fame, with Infciiptions

thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places as they shall think proper, and all'o to causeto be frt up such and lo many D'uectiun P fts as they shall think necessary, and also cause Lamp Ports and Lamps to be provided and let up in the Town of Marshfield% and such Lamps to be lighted at such Times and in such Manner as they shall rhink proper; and if any P.son or Pc Tons shall wilfully pull up, damage,or break any of the Stones or Ports so to be ere&rd as aforesaid, or shall obliterate or deface any of ihc L tcers or Marks or Figures thereon, or shall break or damage any such Lamp J olts o' Lamps, or any of the Appurtenances thereto, or shall tx ingu'fh t ie Light in any such Lamps, and be convict d th rcof before any Justice of the Peace for the County wherein the Offence may be committed, by the Confrfiian of the Parry or by the Oath of one ere-dible Witness, every such Person or Persons so offending fhaf forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lelsthan Forty Shillings, for every such Offence, one Moiety whe eof shall be paid to the Informer, and ihc other Moiety to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in rale the same shall not be paid within the Space or Ten Days after such Conviction then the said Justice shall and may commit such Otfender to the Common Gaol or Louie of Correction for any Time not exceeding Six Cale» dar Months, and futh Person shall not be discharged until he or file shall have paid the Penalty, or until (he Expiration of the said Term.

Per*'n»?»

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person belonging to any i, g w.i. guru. Waggon, C ot, or other Carriage, which shall be placed and continued

fit oi.the ——

'Roiwis in die Winter Night . with out Lights being affixed H ereto; and Penalty on Perlnns urn-ing Pig* on the Roads.

on any cart of the Road in the Town of Marshfidd during any Part of the Night, between the Fort Day of September and the Thirtieth Day of April (hell and he or the is hereby required to provide and set up, and ta’ f to be lighted a Lamp or o>her Light, pioper and sufficient to light tha Part ot tire Road where such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall hand, the W hole of the dark Part of the Night during which such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, shall be and remain there; and for want thereof, every PerUn o.lending the rein, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding sony Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings; and that the Owner of every fig which shall be turn d into and f ffered to go about any Part of the Road in he said d own of Marjkpt.d shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, one Moiety of which said several Forfeityies shall be paid to the Infoi mer, and he other Moiety thereof shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

Person* *£-

gripved n.ay

I. VIE. Provided a!ways, and be it further enacted, That if any Person ap f»i ro th* or Persons shall think kimlelt or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in ftaus!*1 SC<" pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Meth d of Relief hath been already appointed and provided, such Person may appeal to the Juf« tices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be

held

44-# GEORGII III. Cap. 69. 1099

held for the County or Place wherein the Cause of Complaint (haP have anfen, fuel) Appellant first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at the lead in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring Inch Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, t'> the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Re-cogn.zmce before force Justice of the Peace for such Counry or Place with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at and abide the Older of, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recogmz nee, shall hear and finally determine the causesand Matter of such Appeal in a fu mmary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding and conclufue, to all Intents and s.

1IX. And be it further enacted, That no Order touching or concerning Pr°"e[^ngs any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touch- quashed for ina the Convicti m or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this want o{

Act, shall be quashed for Want of Form, ot be removed or removable by rurm' Certiorari, or any other Wr ' 01 Proo fs whatsoever, into any of His Ma-je'iy's Courts of Record at Westminster , and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress uieit shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser on account of any De- ( fest or Want of Fo m in the Summon , C- n-iftion, Warrant ot Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, mr shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining , but the Person or Persons aggriev d by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Sa isfaction for the special Damage (if any be) in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Party or Parties shall recover in any Action for such Imgularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on the Behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

LX. And be it further enact-d, That no Action or Suit shall be commcnced or brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance or this Act, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed j and every such Action or Suit shall be laid, brought, and tried in the C unty or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the De'endant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, may, at his, htr, n their Election, plead specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and ft the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or S. it shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be givin as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as afiTcfiid, or shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the lame as aforesaid, or in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such

Verdict,

im

noo 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 69.

Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nnnfuired or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff-, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Cells, and shall have such Remedy for the Recovery of the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Colts in any other Cases by Law.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, ad-Publick. judged, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Noice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Commencement ana Continuance of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effectupon the Day on which the said Trulli.es shall hold their first Meeting, and shall from thenceforth continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

- v'* T 4 5^, ..qr i ?< a *ii . >h i*. . q _ J 7 ‘ , T1

4 k if vri b v act-,* m . ‘1 ,»

Vi t i;f I h

oi :lni '! yn.,'-

t yfii ‘ i«» ;.Vi A'

-s' ' \:

n«i J ' ,

i.i todh it fpi \ ’

t?d II 4n: i . rij.tta /'% " ! V’H* *.*’ * t, !* .->A y

; l*».U tltd it Kf|t yo a:

Tn V 1* '-sits J Ljrl ( >-A;v t 1 v i

'I) *n; 111 Lmv I,ay*

Vfri’m id- Jnr-R TLdl ~.*T* d i1-

to. nil . .; . .7 D

*; ... i.: (jji

;,r.H *1

!.-sd 3C: 1 .*. - v,1. «. 31..ri- iv

V iio ID. 1 jn *j..j ri 5ri<; > - s'. >A 1 tftl/ #- >K*

~>Ui . t .; jrl 1 is ha.It1 rmt 1:

yuaKd d m i t/-

' arfcjTC sbiifs ill life "*' h<4 «(.' it rio.w *J 1

\ -*?ni/€ i )

bu.-;o

i Id til ao»jn un lit* 1 lillsV.CJ !>« 1 . , t tel oeri <7

,’j:c -7

anno quadragesimo quarto

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 70.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Lit tie port, and from Littleport to Checquer Corner in Downham, in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads.

[29th fune 1804..J

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, , g. widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Cambridge to Ely, and from thence to Soham, and for building a Bridge cross the River Ouze, at or near a Place called Stretham Ferry in the County of Cambridge: And whereas Two other Acts were parted in j Sc the Fifth and Tenth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of the said [Loc. ft? Per.] 12 Z Act,

H02 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Act, and for extending the Powers and Provisions thereof to other Roads mentioned and described in the said last mentioned Acts: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts respectively granted, which Money (fill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the several Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and the said Bridge, be properly and effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Acts should be increased: Uie^TrLfie'f And whereas would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood, and of t the South publick Utility, if the Trustees of a certain Dillrift of Road mentioned the^careo" 'n t'1e Acts, called The South DiJlriSl, were discharged from the certain Part future Care and Management of so much of the Road mentioned in the of the Road, said Acts as is situated between the Guide Post upon Stretham Common another Part 'n the Parish of Stretham, and a House in the Town of VVilburton, under their formerly in the Occupation of George Farrin Gentleman; and if, inlfead Cait miiead thereof, the Road from the North End of Short Lane in the said Parish of Stretham, to or near the said House formerly in the Occupation of the said George Farrin, and from thence to and through the Town of JVilburton aforesaid, and from thence to a Place called Hop Row in the Parish of Haddenham, and from thence through Hop Row aforesaid to Haddenham End Highway, and from thence to and through a Place called Staple Leys in the Parish of Wentworth, and from thence to a Place called Ballam Baulk in the said last mentioned Parish, and from thence by and along the said Baulk to join the present Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Ely aforesaid to the Town of Mcpal, at a Place nearly opposite to the Turn leading to the Town of Witcbam in the JJle of Ely, were put under the Care and Man gement of the said last mentioned Trustees, and made a Part of the Roads comprized in the said Acts: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s tnolt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, such of the Roads as, under the Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, have been amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, and also the Roads and Ways herein-before particularly described (except so much and such Parts thereof as the Trustees for the said South Dillrift are by this Act discharged from repairing or maintaining) shall be divided into Two separate Dili rifts; and that the Roads from the South-west Corner of Saint Giles’s Churchyard in the Town of Cambridge to the Lamb Comer in Ely, and from thence unto the First House in Scham, and also the present Road from Bug’s Pond in Ely aforesaid to the House formerly in the Occupation of Love Owen in the Parish of Mepal, and also the lload or Way from the North End of Short Lane aforesaid to or near the said House in the said Town of Wilburton, formerly in the Occupation of the said George Farrin, and from thence to Hop Row aforesaid, and from Hop Row to Haddenham End Highway, and from thence to and through Staple Leys to Ballam Baulk, and from thence by and along the said Baulk to join the present Turnpike Road leading from Ely to Mepal, at the Place neariy opposite to the Turn leading to the Town of Witcbam, shall be and be 15 called

thereof.

Rends to He divided into Three Dii-tiicts.

The S' uth Diilri<i».

44° GEORGII III. Cap.'jo. 1103

called The South Di/lrift of the said Roads; and that the Road leading from The N.r-ii the Lamb Corner in Ely aforesaid to Litikport, and from thence to the South Di niet.

End of the Pavement of Downham in the County of Norfolk, and from the North End of the said Pavement to Chequer Corr.er in the Parish of Downham aforesaid, shall be and be called The North District of the said Roads.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees nominated and ap- Ti-u4e«for pointed in and by virtue of the said recited Acts for the said South District, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, together with the Knights of the Shire for the County of Cambridge, now and for the Time being; the Representatives in Parliament for the University of Cambridge, now and for the Time being; the Representatives in Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, now and for the Time being; the Dean, Archdeacon, Prebendaries, and Chancellor of the Cathedral Church of Ely, now and for the Time being; the Lords of the several Manors through which any of the Roads within the said South District do or shall pass, now and for the Time being; the Rectors,

Vicars, and perpetual Curates of the several Parishes through which any of the said Roads within the said South District do or shall pass, now and for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, so far as the fame relate only to the making, widening, turning, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads comprized in the said South D.Uriel.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees nominated and ap- Trustees for pointed in and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for the said North District, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, together with the Dean, Archdeacon, Prebendaries, and Chancellor of the Cathedral Church of Ely, now and for the Time being; the Redors, Vicars, and perpetual Curates of the several Parishes through which any of the said Roads within the said North District do or shall pass, now and for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, so far only as the fame relate to the making, widening, turning, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads comprizing the said North District.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the said former Acts, and all Former Aus, and every the Authorities, Tolls, Powers, Provisoes, Penalties, Forfeit- p^e'^lhe tures, C.laufes, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, therein con-(except so much of the said Acts, or either of them, as relate to Exemp-

tions from Stamp Duties; and also except such Tolls, Clauses, Matters, extended to and Things, as are hereby varied, altered, discontinued, or repealed; the Roads in and also except so far as any of such Authorities, Tolls, Powers, Pro- t,lls Act‘ viftons, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, have, by a certain Act, made and passed in the Thirteenth Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and rcduee into One Act of Parliament, the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other 1 Purposes, been varied, altered, discontinued, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force and ElFed, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, and shall extend and have Relation not only to the Roads directed to be made, repaired, and widened, by the said

1104

The former Tolls at the Gate between Ely and Little-fort altered.

Toll*.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

said former Acts respectively, but also to the making, widening, turning, altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads herein-before particularly mentioned and described, and comprized within the said South District, in as full and ample Manner as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; but subject nerertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions, herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; which said additional Term hereby granted shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts respectively, and of all such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act respectively.

V. And, for the Purpose of railing a Sum of Money sufficient for making, repairing, and widening the Roads within the said North District, and for keeping the fame in Repair, and for discharging the Debt now due, or which may hereafter be contracted for that Purpose, be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees for the said North District, or any Seven or more of thetji. or such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, (Hall under their Hands authorize and appoint, to demand and take at the Gate or Turnpike now erected between Ely and Littleport, the several Tolls and Duties herein-after mentioned, instead of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, before any Person, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage respectively, shall be permitted to pass through the said Gate; (that is to say,)

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Act, or other Bead:, drawing any Carriage, and for every Wheel of such Carriage, the Sum of Twopence:

For every Horse, Mate, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any left Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any left Number:

Which said respective Sum and Sums of Money shall be taken and demanded in the Name of or as a Toll, and shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees of the said North District; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, or assigned to or for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes of the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and this present Act, in relation to the said North District, and to or for no other Use, Trust, Intmt, or Purpose whatsoever; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or such Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall authorize and appoint, shall have the lame Power, Authorities, and Remedies, for demanding, collecting, recovering, and levying the Tolls and Duties hereby made payable, as are in and by the said last mentioned Act given and prescribed for demanding, collecting, recovering, and applying the Tolls and Duties thereby granted and made payable.

and from rc» pairing the Road from S tret bam Common ro Wilbur ton:

44° GEORGII 111. Cap. 70. T105

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the said South Trustees f<r District shall be, and they are hereby discharged from putting the said j1'^. recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty into charged from Execution, so far as the fame relates to the making, widening, turning, c,rP(of altering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, so much of the Road leading ;lCrois"cruntj from the said House, formerly in the Occupation of the said George fe,‘>

Fan-in, across Grunty Fen, to the House formerly in the Occupation of the aforesaid Love Owen in the Pari lit of Mepal, as leads over, through, or across Grunty Fen aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said South District shall also (subject to the Provisions and Regulations herein, after contained) be discharged from putting the said recited Acts in Execution, so far as the fame relate to the making, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Repair, so much of the said Road directed by the said Acts to be made, turned, widened, and kept in Repair, as is situate between the Guide Post upon Stretham Common aforesaid, and the aforesaid House in the Town of IVilburton, formerly in the Occupation of George Farrin; and that instead thereof, the said Trustees for the said South District, or any Five or more of them, shall and may make, widen, turn, alter, repair, and keep in Repair, the Road from the North End of Short Lane aforesaid, to or near the said House formerly in the Occupation of the said George Farrin, and from thence to and through the Town of Wilburton aforesaid, and from thence to Flop Row aforesaid, and from thence through Hop Row to Haddenham End Highway, and from thence to and through Staple Leys aforesaid to Ballam Baulk aforesaid, and from thence by and along the said Baulk to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Ely to the Town of Mepal, at a Place nearly opposite to the Turn leading to the Town of IVitcbam aforesaid, in as llraight a Direction as conveniently may be, and in such Manner and at such Time as shall be approved and directed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this but not to be Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge the £lr'Jp";r. said last mentioned Trullees from the Care, Management, and Repair of i»g the pre-the said Road, between the said Guide Post upon Stretham Common and (fi*thew the said Town of IVilburton, until they shall, to the Satisfaction of Three one is made. Justices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, (to be certified by Writing under their Hands and Seals,) have made, turned, altered, widened, and repaired the said Road from the North End of Short Lane aforesaid to the said Town of IVilburton, One Part of which Certificate shall be delivered by the Lid Justices to the Treasurer or Clerk to such Trustees, and another Part thereof shall be filed by the said Justices with the Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely; and that, from and immediately after the delivering and filing of such Certificates as herein-before directed, the said last mentioned Trustees shall be discharged from the Care and Management of the said Road situate between the Guide Post upon Stretham Common and the said lown of Wilburton.

IX. And whereas Part of the said Road between the said Guide Post Such Parts and the said Town of HClburton was taken out of the Commons of Rf,a!jash*ve Stretham aforesaid, and no Compensation hath ever been made to the he n p'.r-

isf Per.J 13 A Commoners c,|llebe

i jo6

and such Part* thereof as have been taken out of Stretbam Common to be again annexed to the Common.

Private Grounds not paid for to be veftored to the Owners, tie.

Persons from Horn such Grounds, GV. have been pilfchafed to have the Preference.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Commoners for the fame; and other Part thereof was taken out of private Grounds, and no Compensation hath ever been made to the Owners of such private Grounds for the fame; and other Part of the said Road was made over private Grounds, which were purchased by the Trullees of the said South Dillrift of the Owners thereof; be it therefore enacted, That within Six Calendar Months next after the filing of such Certificate with the Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, as herein-before directed, such of the said Lands and Grounds comprized in and constituting the said last mentioned Road, as shall have been purchased by the said last mentioned Trullees, shall and may be sold by the Trullees appointed to put thi > Act in Execution, so far as respects the said South District, or any Five or more of them, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the belt Price that can be gotten for the fame; and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied and disposed of in the same Manner as any other Monies veiled in such Trullees by the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, are or may be applied and disposed of; and the Sale or Conveyance of such Lands or Grounds, being executed by such Trullees, or any Five or more of them, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that all such Parts of the Lands or Grounds comprized in or constituting the said last mentioned Road, as shall have bem taken out of the said Common, shall, at the End of Hx Calendar Months next after the filing of such Cenificate with the said Clerk of the Peace lor the said Isle of hly, as herein-before is directed, be again annexed to the said Common, and become Part thereof; and that such Parts of the said Lands or Grounds comprized in and constituting the said last mentioned Road, as shall have been taken out of any private Grounds, and shall not have been purchased or paid for, shall, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the filing of such Certificate as aforesaid, become the Property of the Person or Persons from whole Lands or Grounds the lame were taken, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trullees of the said South District, before they shall so fell or di'pose of the Land or Ground comprized in or constituting the said last mentioned Road, as shall have been purchased by them, shall first offer to fell or resell (as the Case may happen to be) to the Person or Persons who shall be the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Hereditaments lying on both Sides of such diverted Iload, or the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the Owner or Owners of the said Lands on both Sides of the said diverted Road, or the Person or Persons from whom such Piece or Pieces of Ground have been so purchased for the Purposes of this Act, shall refuse to purchase or repurchase (as the Case may happen to be) any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the Hi^h Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such diverted Road, or Piece or Pieces of Ground shall be, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said diverted Road, Piece or Pieces of Ground, Hating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of such Trullees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the kerson or Persons to whom the fame was offered, shall in all Courts whatever be sufficient

Evidence

»5

i)07

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Evidence and Proof that such Oifer was made and was not agreed to, of was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the Ground or Soil of such diverted Road, cr of repurchafing such Pit-ce or Pieces of Ground so directed to be sold by virtue of this Act, and he, she, or they, and the said last mentioned Trustees, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner directed by the said Acts, or any or either of them, with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act; and the Expen< e of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as is directed by the said former Acts, or any or either of them, with respect to Purchases made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, muta’is mu andis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such diverted Roads, Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Monapplication of such Money.

XI. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Power to take Trustees, or any Person or Persons duly authorized by them, or any Five or more of them, at any Time previous to the Expiration of the said Six fio ,i the Calendar Months from the filinu of such Certificate as aforesaid, to dig, oltl Road-remove, cart, take, and carry away, from any Part or Parts of the said last mentioned Road, all such Sand, Gravel Stones, and other Materials, fit for the Repair of Roads, as shall be found therein, and to apply the fame in repairing any of the Roads within the said South District, or to sell or dispose thereof, and to apply the Money arising from such Sale, in such Manner as any Monies veiled in such Trustees by the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, may be applied.

XII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of the Repealing Feign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, That the Trustees for the said South District, or any ^even or more of them, shall and may ered of 10 J. 3. or cnufe to be erected a Toll Gate and Toll House, or Foil Gates and

Toll Houses, in, upon, or across any Part of the said Road leading from p-u-imes of the said House, late in the Occupation of the aforesaid George Farrin, ^fualmA across Grunty Fen, to the said House in the Occupation of the aforesaid Love Ouen in the said Parish of Mepal, so as the fame be not erected within either of the Parishes of Mepal or Sutton, as they the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, should think proper; be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as prohibits the erecting of any Toll Gate or Toll House within eaher of the said Parishes of Mepal and Sutton shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the said South Trustees of District, or any Five or more of them, shall and may erect and set up, District mayor cause to be erected and set up, One or more Gate or Gates, Turn- e-cota Toll pike or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the Road between the North End of Short I ane aforesaid, and the aforesaid House streth.m, in the Parish of Mepal, formerly in the Occupation of Love Owen; or between the said last mentioned House and the Gate called Bug’s Lane Elf.

Gate

no8

Tolls to he taken thereat.

Toll.

Former Method of electing And appointing new Tru ee.'#

and revoking Orders, //«. repealed.

Mode of

electing new Tr llees by this Act.

No Or ler to be repealed but by a greater Number of Trustees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Gate in Ely aforesaid, and provide, or cause to be provided, a propei* Toll House and Keeper to each such Gate or Turnpike; and shall and may demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, the following Tolls, before any Ho fe. Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pals through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike (that is to say,)

For every Hotfe Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast, drawing any Carriage, and for every Wheel of such Carriage, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

Which said respective Sum or Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll, and shall be paid to such Person or Persons as such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to collect the fame, and shall be applied in the same Manner as any Monies veiled in such Trustees by the said recited Acts, or eithtr of them, or this present Act, may be applied.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of each of the said recited Acts of the Third- Fifth, and Tenth Years of His Majesty's Reign respectively, as relates to the F.ledion and Appointment of new Trustees in the Room of those who shall die or refuse to ad, and the Notice to be given for supplying any Vacancy or Vacancies, and also to the revoking, repealing, or suspending of any Orders made by the Trustees appointed by the said recited Acts respectively, or either of them, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act. as often as any of the Trustees appointed by the said recited Acts or this Act respectively shall die or refuse to ad, (such Refusal being signified in Writing, and delivered to the Clerk to the Trustees of the District for which any such Trustee so refusing to ad shall have been appointed,) it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees for such Difind respectively, or any Five or more of them, to elect and appoint another Trustee in the Room of such Trustee so dying or refusing to ad; and Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for the Election and Appointment of such Trullee shall be given by such Clerk, by affixing the fame, in Writing, on all the Turnpike Gates within the Dillnd wherein such Vacancy shall have been occasioned, at least Fourteen Days before the Meeting for such Election; and the Person so elected and appointed shall and may alt in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the District for which he shall have been so elected as last aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Trustee nominated by the said recited Acts or this Act is empowered to do.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Order made by any of the Trustees appointed by the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, in, for, or concerning.

1109

44.® GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Ing the executing of any of the Trusts, Powers, and Authorities of the said recited Acts or of this present Act respectively, or either of them, shall be revoked, repealed, or set aside, by any subsequent Order of the Trustees of the Dillrid for which such first mentioned Order shall have been made, unless a greater Number of such Trustees shall be then present. and consenting thereto, than were present at the making of any such first; mentioned Order, save only and except that in all Cases which require immediate Interposition, any Five or more of such Trustees shall have Power to suspend any Order until another Meeting of the Trustees of the District to which the same shall relate can be had; and that the Trustees signing any such Order of Suspension shall appoint a Meeting for taking the Matter thereof into Consideration, within Fourteen Days next after signing the fame, and shall cause Notice of such intended Meeting to be affixed on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes wirhin the District (or which such Trustees shall act, at lead Ten Days before such Meeting.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Acts, or either of them, in any C^fe where he shall be personally interested, or during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit arising out of any of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them; nor shall any Person who shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, or of collecting the Tolls arising within either of the said Dili riots of Roads, during such Time pr limes as he shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of publick Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Beer, Cyder, Ale, Spifituous or other strong Liquors, by Retail; buc no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he employs a Person to collect them who shall not be under any such Incapacity,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall be qualified or capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Foriy Pounds, or poffdTed of or entided to a Personal Estate to the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of ail Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds, and unless he hath taken, or shall, (not being such Heir Apparent as aforesaid,) before he acts as such Trustee, take and subscribe the Oath following, before any Two or more of the Trustees of the Ditlrict for which he shall be aj pointed, who are hereby authorized and empowered to adirii-niller the lame, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to

f»y>)

‘ ? A B. do swear. That I truly and bondJid; am in my own Right [«r, ‘ 1 in the Right of my Wife] in the actual Poffdffion and Enjoyment 1 [or, Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Here-[Lar. & Per.] 13 B ‘ ditaments

No Per/oii holding a Place of Profir, or keeping a Victualling House, to be a Trustee for cirv-r of the Diltrkrts,

Qualification of Trustees extended ro both Districts.

Oath of Trustees.

IIIO

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

Justices may adi it.iller Oaths and act as Trustees, except where interested.

Justices and Trust *es who are Mortgagees may act.

Treasurer or Trustees for South District may appoint Special Meetings.

Times of Meeting.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

ditaments of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds [or, possessed of, ‘ or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Value of Eight hundred Pounds,

as the Case may bef\

So hffp me GOD.’

Any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and if any Person shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of F fty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as above, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, That in all Cases wherein Jurisdiction is given to any Justice or justices of the Peace by the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, it shall be lawful for such Justice or justices to administer an Oath to any I 'erson for his or their more certain Information in the Matters then depending; and that any Justice of the Peace may act as such in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, notwithstanding his being a Trustee, except in Cases wherein he is personally interested.

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Justice of the Peace or Trustee under the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, being a iVortgagee of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts or this on sent Act, or either of them, from acting by reason of such Mortgage Interest.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Trustees of the said South District, shall at any Time or Times hereafter think it necessary that a Special Meeting should be holden between the Times of any Adjournment or Adjournments, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer, or for 1 hree or more of such last mentioned Trustees, to appoint a Meeting to be holden, causing Notice of the Time and Place of such Meeting to be affixed on all the Toll or Turnpike Gates then erected within the said South District; and the Proceedings of the said Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Trustees had at their last Meeting adjourned to such Time and Place.

XXI. Provided also, lhat no Business shall be done by the Trustees of either of the said Districts at any Meeting which shall be holden before Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and that no Adjournment shall be made to any Hour later than Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting shall be appointed to be holden; and that if

15 Five

IIII

44-° GEORGII III. Cap.'jo.

Five Trustees l'hall not meet before Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, Two Trustees no Business shall be transacted on that Day: Provided always, that where "j, Meeting any such Adjournment as lall aforesaid is made, Two of such Trustees on tin fame shall be sufficient for the Purpose of making such Adjournment.

XXII. Provided also, That no Person shall act as aTrustee for either NoTrufreeto

of the said Dilfricts, unless it be at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this present Act, or One of them; and that orders To be every Act agreed upon at any Meedng shall be signed at the said Meet- ^ceding by a competent Number of Trustees, or otherwise every such Meeting, Adjournment, and Act respectively, shall be void and of none

Effect.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Toils to be subject to the Payment of any Toll or Tolls imposed or directed to be

taken by this Act within the said South District, shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pav the fame, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as herein-before mentioned to collect the said Toll or Tolls respectively, to seize or distrain any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Bead, upon which any such Toll or Tolls is or are by this Act imposed, or any of the Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame; and if such Toll or Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such seizing and distraining, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such seizing and distraining, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Goods so seized and distrained, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand thereof made, after such Toll or Tolls, and all reasonable Charges as aforesaid, shall have been deducted.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Truste« may Trustees for the said Districts of Roads respectively, or any Five or more Gates?14' of them, under and subject to the Directions, Regulations, and Provi-

fions, contained in the aforesaid Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads, (in respect to the Erection of Side Gates,) to erecc or cause to be erected One or more Toll Gate or Toll Gates, and to provide a Toll House or Toll Houses, with proper Keeper or Keepers thereto, on the Side or Sides of any of the Roads within the said Districts of Roads respectively, or in, upon, or across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the fame; as also to erect or cause to be erected temporary Toll Gates, Bars, or Chains, on or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, for the Purpose of chequing the Keepers of the other Gates within the same District, or to prevent the evading of the lolls; or on the Side of any Part of the said Roads, or on or across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the fame; and at any such Toll Gates, Bars, or Chains, (without building or providing any Toll Houses thereat,) to cause to be taken and levied such Tolls as are by this Act made payable at any Gate or Turnpike erected by virtue hereof, within either of the said Districts respectively, so that the fame do not extend to a Double Charge upon any Person passing through any other of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected within the same District.

Ilf 2

Tolls to be paid but Once n Day at the fame Gate.

Orly O’le Toll to be paid between St ret bam Ferry and Me pal; or between Ely and Me'al.

Pi =fent Hirer of the Tol's at Bug's Latte Gate to be repaid by Trustees the Tolls collected at Me/iil, for any Carriages, ei . passing through the Gate at Meftsf, and Bug s Lems Gate.

To’l 3ates a;id 1 oil JHonfes velted in Trullets.

Fxempions from Tolls.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. ^o.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have paid the Toll hereby granted for the passing of any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act, within the said South District, the same Person, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, shall be permitted to pass through the fame Gate or Turnpike with the fame Horse, Bead, or Carriage, Toll-free, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next Night, which said Note or Ticket the Collectors of the said Tolls respectively are hereby required to deliver, gratis, upon Receipt of such Tolls.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person having paid the Toll hereby granted for the passing of any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, through One Gate or Turnpike to be erected between Stretham Ferry and the aforesaid House in Mepnl, formerly in the Occupation of the aforesaid Love Owen, or between Bug’s Pond in Ely and the aforesaid House, shall be subject or liable the same Day to the Payment of Toll for the fame Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, at any other Gate or Turnpike erected between either of the said Places.

XXVII. And whereas the Tolls which shall be collected at the Turnpike Gate, called Bug’s Lane Gate in the Town of Ely, are now let to William Spalding for the Term of Three Years, from the Second Day of October now last part, at the yearly Rent of Two hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Ten Shillings; be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the said South District shall, during the Continuance of such Letting, pay or allow unto the said William Spalding all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall have been paid at any Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, between the said Turnpike Gate called Bug’s Lane Gate and the aforesaid House in the Town of Mepal, formerly in the Occupation of the said Lovir Owen, for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, passing through the fame, and which shall also pass through the said Turnpike Gate called Bug’s Lane Gate, on the said William Spalding’s producing the Ticket delivered by the Keeper of the said other Gate, to the PeTlcrn or Persons who shall have paid the Toll for any such Horse, Cattle, or Carriage as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all such Toll Gates, Toll Houser, and Side Bars, as shall be erected by virtue of this Act, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, shall be and the same are hereby veiled if) the Trustees of the respective Diitrifts of Roads in which such Toll Gates and Toll Houses shall be erected.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Tolls shall be demanded or taken at any Gate or Turnpike erected or continued, or to be erected or continued by virtue of the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, for any Coach, C.haife Marine, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Chaise, Calalh, Chair, or other Carriage, or any Horse, Mule, Afs, or other Bead, drawing the fame; or any Passengers on Horseback, going to or returning from the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for either of the Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, upon the Day or

1113

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Days of any such Election; nor to charge any Horse, Bead, or Carriage, solely employed in the Conveyance of Materials for the Repair of any Turnpike Road or publick Highway, or for going to or returning after having been so employed; or in the Conveyance of any Lime, Dung, Roil, or Comport, for the manuring of any Land, or in the ploughing, sowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land, or in the drawing of any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, or in the Conveyance of any Hay or Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not fold or intended for Sale, but only to be (lacked or laid up on the Lands and Grounds of the Owner or Owners thereof, or of any Turf or Turves not intended for Rale, but to be laid up and burned in any Parishes, Hamlets, or Places situated within the said Districts of Roads reflectively; or in the Conveyance of any Hemp or Flax intended to be (tacked or laid within any of such Hamlets, Parishes, or Places, from the Lands where such Hemp or Flax shall have grown, to the Place where it shall be wetted, watered, or spread, and from thence to the Place where the fame is intended to be (lacked or laid up as aforesaid; nor from any Person redding in any of such Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, going to or returning from his, her, or their proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship; nor from any Person attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of such Parishes, Hamlets, or Places; nor shall any Toll be taken or demanded for any Horse or Carriage conveying the publick Mail or Packet; nor for any Cows going to or returning from Milking; nor For any Horse, Mule, or Afs, employed in carrying or bringing Home any Milk, or going or parting through either of the said Gates for the Purpose of being so employed, or any Inhabitant of the Town of Ely, occupying any Land in any Part of the said South Dillrift, situate within the Parishes of Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary, and the Hamlet of St tint my, or either of them, riding to or returning from any such Land; nor any Horse, Cattle, or Sheep going to or returning from Water, or to or from Pasture, within any of such Parishes, Ilamlets, or Places, or from any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place, to the next adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Place, so that such Horse, Cattle, or Sheep, do not pass upon any of the Roads comprized within the said Dirtritls rel'peftively, more than for Two Miles in such going or returning; nor for any Horse or other Bead, belonging to any Inhabitant of any such Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, going to or returning from any Farrier or Smith’s Shop within the same Parish, Hamlet, or Place; nor for the Horses of any Officers, Soldiers, or Volunteers (whose Services have been or shall be accepted by His Majesty) upon their March or upon Duty; nor any Ilorfes, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying the Anns or Baggage of such Officers, Soldiers, or Volunteers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers, Soldiers, or Volunteers; nor for any Horle, Bead, or Carriage, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants under the Authority of legal Partes; nor for any Timber, Wood, Iron Stone, Brick, Earth, Silt, or other Materials, or any Implements or Tools to be employed irt or used for the Purposes of supportuig any of the Works of Draining already made or hereafter to be made by the Order or Direction of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Salford Level, or any Seven or more of them, whereof the said Governor or Bailiffs to be Two, save only the Tolls at any Gate or [Lee. Sif Per.] 13 C Turnpike

Jii4

Lords of the Manor and Inhabitant* of Sire*born exempt from paying Toll v/irhin the To*vnship of bird barn.

Inhabitants of Ely not to be exempt;d duiine the present letting of Bug's Lane and Cent's Bridge Gates,

Penalty on claiming Exemptions unduly.

Clank in the tonner Act of 50.3- explained/ re-spetiing the Exemptions

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Turnpike erefled or to be erected at or near St ret bam Ferry, which last mentioned Tolls shall be taken and paid in all ihe Cases in this Clause mentioned, and save also ih«t every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, loaded with Lflover, Hay, Corn in the Straw, or Turves, Sedge, Reed, or any Product of the Fens, or Dung or Compost of any Kind, or Clay or Faith, pa fling through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected between Stuntney and a Place called Stone Bridge in Ely, or between Landbsacb Common and Chittcring Fen, shall at each of the said Gates pay the Sutn of One Penny every Time any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carnage, so loaded as aforesaid, shall pass through either of such Gates or Turnpikes, in like Wanner as is directed by the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor of Stretbam for the Time being, their Servants and Attendants, and the several Inhabitants of the Town of Stretbam, having Rights of Common in his or her own Occupation, (except common Carriers for Hire,) shall not pay any Toll whatsoever at any Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, at any Place or Places within the Bounds or Township of Stretbam, for themselves, their Servants, or Attendants, or their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, passing through the fame, laden with their own Property, they the said Inhabitants, Occupiers of Rights of Common as aforesaid, paying to the said Trustees, or any Five or more them, their usual yearly Acknow-ment of Four-pence for each Common, in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any Inhabitant of the Town of Ely to take the Benefit of any such Exemp. tion, in resptd of going to or returning from any Land in his Occupation, within the said*Parishes of Ely Trinity and Ely Saint Mary, or the Hamlet of Stuntney, or e ther of them, until the Terms for which the Tolls arising at the aforesaid Gate, called Bug's Lane Gate, and the Gate called Gent's Bridge Gate in Ely aforesaid, are now let, shall respectively expire.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled thereto, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in Manner herein-astir directed, concerning the Application of Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed.

XXXIII. And whereas by the said recited Act, paised in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That the Lord Bishop of Ely, and the Dean, Canons, and Minor Canons of the Cathedral Church of Ely, then and for the Time being, shoukl not be liable to pay

nor

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

nor be charged with any Toll to be collected by virtue of the said recited Act for any of their own Horses, or other Beads, Carts, or Wheel Carriages whatsoever, passing between the Lamb Comer in Ely and the First House in Sobam: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether such Exemption extended to any hired or borrowed Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, or any other Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, employed by or in the Service of the fil'd Lord Eifliop, Dean, Canons, and Minor Canons, not being the Property of the said Lord Bishop, Dean, Canons, and Minor Canons respectively; for obviating all such Doubts, be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Lord Bishop, Dear, Canons, and Minor Canons, (hill not be liable to pay nor be charged with any Toll for any Horse or Horses, or other Beads, Cattle, or Carriages whatsoever, passing through any Gate or Turnpike between the Lamb Corner in Ely and the Fird House in Sobam, with the said Lord Bishop, Dean, Canons, and Minor Canons, or any of them, or with their or any of their Families or Servants, or any other Person or Persons employed by or in the Service of the said Lord Bishop, Dean, Canons, and Minor Canons respectively.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Didricts of Roads respectively, or any Seven or more of them, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in Writing, and affixed on all the Toll or Turnpike Gates within each such District respectively, and also inserted in some publick Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Cambridge, from Time to Time to leden or reduce the Tolls hereby granted, for and during such Time as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and afterwards, at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so reduced or lessened, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Tolls hereby granted.

XXXV. Provided always, That when the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the District wherein it shall be intended to reduce or lessen any such Tolls shall not have been paid and discharged, no such Tolls shall be ledened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money then remaining due upon such Tolls respectively.

XXXVF. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Bead from any Carriage, or shall unload any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from any Cart, Waggon, or Carriage, at or before the same shall come to any Toll or Turnpike Gate erected or continued or to be erected or continued by virtue of the said herein-before recited Acts or of this present Act, or of either of them, in order to avoid the Payment of any of the Tolls due and payable at any such Toll or Turnpike Gate; or if any Person shall give to or receive from any Person any Note or Ticket, by this Act or the said recited Acts, or either of them, directed to be given; or if any Person shall forge or counterfeit any such Note or Ticket; or if any Person shall forcibly pass through any such Toll or Turnpike Gate with any Carriage or Cattle; or if any Person occupying any Land near to any

Toll

IMS

fiv m Tolls of the iSithop of Elf.

Trustees any lcfleit the Tolls, etc. and afterwards advance the same.

Consent of Five-sixths in Value of the Creditors necessaryon altering Tolll-

Penalty on Persons permitting private PnlTage, or taking off a Horie, or entering on either Side a Gate, or receiving or delivering a Ticker, etc.

1116

Trustees of South Dif-trict may borrow more Money on the Credit of the Tolls.

Noli e to be given ot hor-iov.ing Money.

Alignments may hetranf. ferret), hut must be entered with the Clerk to the Trustees.

Trustees of the South D Itrict mry Jeafe the Toll

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Tell or Turnpike Gate continued or erected by virtue of this Act or the said last mentioned Acts, or either of them, shall permit or suffer any Person to pal's through any Gate, Passage, or private Way, with any Cattle or Carriage; or if any Person shall, with any Cattle or Carriage, pass through any such Gate, Passage, or private Way, whereby the Payment of any of the Tolls granted by this Act or the said last mentioned Acts, or any or either of them, shall be avoided, every Person offending in either of the Cases aforesaid shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the said respective Districts, or any Seven or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered at any General Meeting, by Assignment, Certificate, or other Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at littered, any such further Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, upon the Credit of the Tolls by this Act and the said recited Acts granted, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as shall appear to them most proper and convenient for the Payment of the Monies already due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Didricts respectively, and for effectually carrying on the Repairs of the Roads hereby and by the said recited Acts directed to be made, turned, widened, and repaired, within the said Didricts respectively.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Money shall be borrowed by the Trustees of the said South District of Roads, upon the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, unless Notice in Writing, under the Hand of the Clerk to such Trustees, be, by Order of any Five or more of them, fixed upon all the Toll or Turnpike Gates then erected within such Didrift, at lead Twenty-one Days before the borrowing of such Money.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons possessed of, and entitled to any Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money lent upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, may from Time to Time assign over their respective Securities, and all the Monies which shall be due thereon, to any Person or Persons; and every such Alignment shall from Time to Time be assignable by the Persons entitled, and a Memorandum or Entry of all such Assignments, and also of all such Assignments as have already been made of any Tolls arising within the said Didrift of Road, by virtue of the herein-before recited Act of the Third and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, and of the Days when the fame were brought to be entered, shall be made by the Clerk to the Trustees, by whom such Security shall have been given, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which Entry Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more shall be paid to such Clerk; and every Person intereded may at all seasonable Time* inspect the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said South Didrift, or any Seven or more of them, at a publick.

3 Meeting,

1H7

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Meeting, to let to farm the Tolls of the several Gates which shall, in pursuance of the Powers herein contained, be erected within the said District, in such Manner, and under such Directions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are specified in the aforesaid Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for regulating the Turnpike Roads, in respect to the letting to farm of Tolls by the Trustees of Turnpike Roads.

XLT. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons other Penalty on than thcie employed by the Trustees of the said South District, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for that Purpose, shall break down, pull up, destroying injure, or take away any Bridge, Arch, Pod, or Rail, erected or which jj* shall be erected on any Part of the Roads within such District, or shall ihe Roads"5 take, carry away, or destroy, any Ballad, Gravel, or other Materials, laid or which shall be laid on any Part of such Roads for the Repair trCjct( or thereof, or shall take or carry away any of the Drift Sand from such ^eaking^ Roads, without Leave in Writing under the Hands of the Trustees of maging such District, or any Five or more of them, specifying the Quantity to be Bridges, &c. taken, and the Time for taking the fame; or if any Person whatsoever shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered in any Lands, Fields, Wades, or Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of repairing such Roads, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for repairing such Roads, before their said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Twenty Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of such Pit or Quarry, who shall and may get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale,) every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall happen, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Wuness or Witnessc3, or by his or her own Confession, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Truf- Surveyors of tees of the said South Didrict of Roads, or any Five or more of them, pfttr°cttmay or their Surveyor or Surveyors, to make or cause to be made causeways makec*use-in or along the Sides of any Part or Parts of the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, turned, altered, or repaired, and to build or cause cut water-to be built any Bridge or Bridges, upon, in, or across, such Roads, and co"kr["f £p to cut or cause to be cut any Watercourses in, through, or across any tisfactiou, etc. Lands or Grounds, near to or adjoining the fame, to prevent the said Roads, or any Part thereof, from being overflowed, and to erect Bridges over such Drains or Watercourses (if necessary), and also to make of cause to be made a Road or Way by, through, or over the Grounds contiguous to any narrow or ruinous Part of such Roads, (not being the Scire of a Ground whereon any House or Houses shall (land, or Yard,

Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House,) to be made use of by all Passengers with Carriages anti Cattle, or otherwise, as a publick High way, whillt the old or ruinous Road is repairing, and until such Time as it shall be convenient and safe for Carriages and Cattle to pass iLoc. £5? Per.j 13 D the

111 -8

jfllwes to settle Differences.

On Default of Persons cutting down Ti ces and Bullies, and removing Annoyances,

etc. after Ten Dajs Notice,

Surveyors to remove fame, etc. and levy the Expences by Dntrefs and Sale, by Warrant from a Justice,

Penalty on Persons again cftcndiiigT

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70,

the fame, making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners cr Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds for the Damages they shall thereby sustain; and in case of any Difference between such Trustees, or Surveyor or Surveyors, and any of the said Owners or Occupiers, any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall happen, shall and may, on Ten Days Notice thereof, to be given by any such Surveyor to such Owner or Occupier, or by such Owner or Occupier to such Surveyor, to be ltfc at their respective Places of Abode with fame of their respective Families, hear, settle, and determine the Matters of the said Damages.

XLIIL And, for the better preventing of Encroachments and Annoyances in or upon the Roads directed by the said recited Acts and this prefers Act, or either of them respectively, to be made, widened, turned, altered, or repaired, within the said South District; be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Occupier of any Lands, Tenements, or other Premises, near to such Roads, shall refuse or neglect, by the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given to him or her, or left at his cr Iter usual Place of Abode, under the Hand of the ‘'urveyor or Surveyors appointed by the Trullees of the said South District, to trim up, lop, cut down, or root up, and remove any Trees or Bullies growing in or upon such Roads, or in or upon the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, or to scour and clear.fe any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, contiguous to or leading out of or from such Roads, or to make, build, or erect, across such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse, an Arch or Arches Sufficient for the free Course of the Water, under his or her Gateway or Passage, leading from such Roads into any Field, Ground, or other Premises, or to pull down or take away any Encroachment which shall be made by any Hedge, Ditch, or Fence, within the Distance of Thirty Feet from the Centre of the said Roads; or if any Person shall suffer his or her Sink or Drain to run into such Roads, or shall throw, caff, or Jay, or cause, permit, or suffer to be thrown, cart, or laid, any Duff, Dirt, Allies, Rubbish, Dung, or other Filth or Annoyance, into or upon such Loads, or into or in any of the Ditches, Drains, or Water-courses thereto belonging, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, and for any Person by him or them employed, to trim up, lop, cut down, or root up and remove, any such Trees or Bullies, and to scour and cleanse any such Ditch, Drain, cr Watercourse, and to make, build, or eretl such Arch or Arches as aforesaid, and effectually to turn, prevent, or flop up such Sink or Drain, so running into any Part of such Roads, and to abate or pull down and take away any such Encroachment, and to remove such Duff, Dirt,-Allies, Rubbish, Dung, or other Filth or Annoyance from such Roads, or from the Ditches, Drains, or Watercour Is belonging thereto; and in any of the said Cases, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place, where the same shall happen, to levy the Charges thereof (the fame being first settled and ascertained by such Justice) by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such respective Owner, Occupier, or other Person, rendering upon Demand to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Overplus (if any be) after deducting tile Charges of such Distress and Sale; and every Person who shall permit or suffer his or her Sink or Drain to run into

ni9

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

such Roads, or any Part thereof, or who, after the Abatement or Removal of any such Encroachment or Annoyance by him or her made, caused, or permitted, shall again offend in the like Manner, and shall be convicted upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnessfes, or by his or her own Confession, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, over and above the Charges of removing every such Encroachment and Annoyance, to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in widening, turning, and diverting any Part or Parts of the Roads by this Act directed to be made, widened, altered, or repaired, nothing shall be done which shall in anywise injure or damage any Dwelling House, Outhouse, or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Court, Park, Paddock, Nur-l'ery Ground, planted Walk or Avenue to any House; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the said South District, or any Seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize and appoint, may and they are hereby empowered to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for any Sum or Sums of Money for the Repairs of any particular Part or Parts of the Roads within the said District, or for the building or repairing of any Bridge or Bridges, or for any other necessary Work to be performed in pursuance of this Act; and that all such Contrails and Agreements made in Writing shall be valid, and that Actions may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Bodies Politick and Corporate, Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, and the Inhabitants thereof, and all Persons who, before the passing of this Act, have used to repair, or of Right ought, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands or Hereditaments, or on any other Account whatsoever, to repair any Part or Parts of the Roads hereby directed or intended to be repaired, or any Bridges, causeways, Drains, Sewers, or Arches, in or over the fame, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be subject and liable to repair the fame respectively, in the same Manner as they have heretofore usually done or ought to have done.

XI.VII. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act of the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty enacted, That the Inhabitants of the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, through which the Road thereby intended to be repaired did lie, and (which Road now comprizes Part of the said South District) who, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, were and should be obliged or liable to perform the Work in the Highways for the repairing thereof, commonly called Statute Work, fh uld and were thereby required to do and perform such and so many Days Work, in such Part of the said Road by the said Act directed to be repaired, and lying within the said Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, in which such Inhabitants respectively should live, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, should direct or appoint;

Buildings etc. not to be injured.

Trustees of South Dif-trict may contract for Repairs of Roads, Bridges, etc

Persons liable to repair Roads or Bridges, or to do Statute Duty, to continue so*

For regulating Statute Labour*

I 120

Pari fa Surveyors to deliver in Lifts of Pei fans liable :o do Statute Wprk.

Penalty c» tlitir Neglect.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

appoint; be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act as gives the Power of appointing the Number of Days Work to be done and performed by the Inhabitants of the Towns, Hamlets, and Places, within any Part of the Road lying within the said South District, to the Trustees of the said South Difhid, or any Five or more of them, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the Inhabitants of the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, through which any of the Roads within the said South District do or shall lie, and also the Occupiers of all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying within such Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, or any of them, who, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, are liable to perform the Work in the Highway for the Repairs thereof, commonly called Statute Work, shall be subject and liable to do and perform the fame, and shall and are hereby required to do and perform such and so many Days Work in such Parts of the said Roads within the said South District, and lying within the said Towns, Hamlets, or Places in which such Inhabitants respectively shall live, or shall occupy any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, as any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Liberty, or Place within which such Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, or Places do lie, at any Petty or Special Sections of the Peace, upon Application made to them by any Five or more of the Trustees of the said South District, shall adjudge and determine; which Statute Duty shall be done at such Times and in such Manner as the Trustees of the said South Dif-trict, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor, shall direct or appoint.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors of the Highways of and for such of the said Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, within the said South District within which any of the Roads hereby directed to be made, widened, turned, altered, and repaired, shall or do lie, shall and they are hereby required, at the Third Meeting of the Trustees for the said District after the passing of this Act, and at the First Meeting of such Trustees after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every succeeditg Year, or at any other Meeting of the said Trustees, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, (Ten Days Notice of such Meeting being fixed on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected within the said District,) to deliver in to the said Trustees true and perfect Lifts in Writing, under their respective Hands, of the Names of all the Inhabitants of and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within such Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places respectively, who are liable to do their Statute Duties in and upon the said Highways, and shall in all such Lifts distinguish and set forth which of such Inhabitants or Occupiers shall and by this Act shall be deemed to keep a Team or Teams, and how many, and which of them, are Labourers only.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if the respective Surveyors of the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, through which any of the said Roads hereby intended or directed to be repaired shall lead, shall not deliver in to the Trustees of the said South District, Lifts of the Inhabitants of and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

3 ments.

I I 2 I

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

mentj, in their several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, at such Times and in such Manner as by this Act is directed, every such Surveyor shall forfeit and pay for every such Default any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds-, and if any such Inhabitant or Occupier, being obliged or liable to do such Statute Work in and upon such Roads as shall be determined by the said Justices as aforesaid, shall not perform the fame at such Times and Places, and in such Manner, as shall by such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, be directed, such Inhabitant or Occupier shall for every such Neglect or Default forfeit and pay the several Sums which are herein-after mentioned; that is to say, every such Inhabitant or Person who shall keep or be deemed to keep a Team or Teams, for every Day’s Work for each Team, the Sum of Ten Shillings, and every other Inhabitant or Person not keeping or not being deemed to keep a Team, for every Day’s Work, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and if any Person who shall idle Perfims come to work as a Labourer, or who shall be sent with any Team,

Draught, or Cart, to work on such Roads, shall be found idle or negligent, or shall not properly perform such Statute Work, the Surveyor employed by such Trustees tnay and is hereby empowered and required to discharge such Person, and it shall be deemed and taken as if such Person had not come, or such Team, Draught, or Cart, had not been set to work on the said Roads-, and the Person liable to perform such Statute Work shall be subject to the like Forfeitures as if he or she had refused or neglected to perform the same.

I. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees of the said South Tlunees n>3y District, or any Seven or more of them, may and they are hereby em- ompound powered to compound with any Body Politick or Corporate, Town, Re"

Parish, Hamlet, or Place, and the Inhabitants thereof, or any Person or Persons who, before the passing of this Act, have used to repair, or of Right ought, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands or Hereditaments, or on any other Account whatsoever, to repair any Part of the Roads hereby directed or intended to be made, turned, widened, altered, and repaired, for the Repairs to be by them respectively done upon such Roads, and lying within such Districts, or to any Bridges, causeways, Sewers, or Drains therein, and also with the Surveyor or Surveyors of the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, through which such Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, do or shall lie, or with any of the Inhabitants thereof, or any of the Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein, for the several Days Statute Work to be by them respectively done upon such Roads, for any certain Sum or Sums of Money, either by the Year or otherwise, and the same shall be immediately paid to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them to receive the same; and where any such Composition shall be made with any Body Politick or Corporate, Town, Parish, Hamlet, or Place, or the Inhabitants thereof, or any other Person or Persons who hath or have been used to repair, or of Right ought, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands or Hereditaments, or on any other Account whatsoever, to repair any Part of such Roads, for a Sum in Grols, then, from and after Payment of such Sum as shall be so agreed upon, to the Trustees of the said South District, or any [Lee. isf Per.] 13 E Seven

ua2

No Compo-lition to be made for Toils in re-i'pest of Carriages of a certain Description.

No Contrail for Repairs or Competition for Tolls to be made at the Meeting where the fame was first propcf-ed, narwith-out the Consent of Seven Trustees at the lealt.

Surveyors to be reimbursed Compofiiion Money paid by them.*

Justice* on Appeal to deei mine the Proportion of the StatuteWcrV*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Seven or more of them, or their Treasurer for the Time being, every such Body Politick or Corporate, Town, Parish, Hamlet, or Place, and all and every other Person and Persons paying the fame, and his and their several and respective Heirs and Assigns, Lands and Hereditaments, shall be and they are hereby discharged from the Repair of every such Road, Bridge, causeway, Sewer, cr Drain; and the Certificate of such Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, under their Hands, of such Composition and Payment, shall be good Evidence thereof, and be received as such by all Judges and Justices of the Peace, in any Court or Courts whatsoever.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the said Trustees to make any Composition for Tolls with any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, or Horses or Beads drawing the fame, except such as have the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, nor unless the Fellies and the Tire thereon shall be flat, or shall not deviate more than One Inch from a flat Surface.

LII. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Contract shall be made with any Person or Persons liable to the Repair of any particular Part or Parts of the said lait mentioned Roads for any Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of such Repairs, nor shall any Composition for Tolls be entered into or agreed for by the Trustees of the said South District, at any of their Meetings respectively, where the same shall be first proposed, but every such Proposition shall be adjourned over for the Consideration of the said lait mentioned Trustees at their next Meeting, and Fourteen Days Notice of such Proposition shall be given by the Clerk to the Trustees of such District, and affixed on all the Toll or Turnpike Gates within such District; and no such Contract or Composition shall be valid unless Seven Trustees shall be then present and consenting thereto; and no such Composition for Tolls shall be made for a longer Term than One Year.

LIII. Provided always, That if the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any Town, Parish, Hamlet, or Place, within the said South District, for the Statute Work whereof any Composition shall, by virtue of the Powers contained in the said recited Acts of the Third and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in this present Act, or either of them, be made, pay the Composition Money in Manner directed by the said recited Acts and this Act respectively, then and in such Case such Surveyor or Surveyors shall be repaid or reimbursed the fame, in such Manner as by the Laws now in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for amending the Highways.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of any of the Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, lying within either of the said Districts of Roads respectively, shall think the Justices have directed or appointed too large

a Pro-

1123

44° GEORGfl til. Cap. 70.

a Proportion of the Statute Work in any Town, Parish, Iiatnlet, or Place, to be done on the Road within their respective Dillrids, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways to appeal to the Quarter Session3 of the Peace for the County or Liberty wherein such Road shall lie, next after such Direction or Appointment shall have been made, unless the same shall be made within Twenty-one Days preceding such Quarter Sessions, and then to the Second Quarter Sessions next after such Direction or Appointment, and the Justices in the said Quarter Sessions ate hereby authorized and empowered finally to adjust and determine what Proportion of the Statute Work in any such Town,

Parish, Hamlet, or Place shall be done to the Roads by the said recited Acts or this Act directed or intended to be made, widened, turned, altered, or repaired, such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways having first given Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal to the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed by the said Trustees respectively.

LV. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the of

Reign of His present Majesty, the Inhabitants of the Township or Parish perform of Strttham are exempted from the Performance of Statute Duty upon Du,y any other Parc of the Turnpike Road lying within their Parish or Town- Rn0»d.enew ship, in Consideration of their making and keeping in good and effectual Repair, at their own Expence, so much of the Road as lies between the Entrance of Short Lane aforesaid, and the Spot on the Top of the Hill above the said Town of Stretham, falling into the Road leading to Bra-ham Lane, which includes the Whole of the said Lane called Short Lane, and the Passage through the said Town of Stretham: And whereas Part of the intended new Road from the North End of Short Lane aforesaid, to the said Town of Wilbur ton, lies in the said Parish of Stretham, and the repairing of the said Road will be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Township or Parish, and in Consideration thereof the said Inhabitants have consented and agreed to perform Three Days Statute Work upon the said intended new Road; be it therefore enacted, That the Inhabitants of the said Township or Parish of Stretham shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, do and perform Three Days Statute Work upon the said intended new Road, in the same Manner, and under the fame Regulations, and Penalties for Neglect thereof as the Inhabitants of any other Parishes or Places within the said South District are by Law liable to do and perform Statute Work upon the Highways within their respective Parishes; and that the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish of Stretham shall deliver in true and per-fed Lills to the Trustees of the said South District, or any Five or more of them, of all Persons within the said Parish liable to perform Statute Duty upon the Highways within the same, at such Times, in such Manner, and under such Penalties for the Neglect thereof, as the Surveyors of any other Parishes within the said District are by Law required and compellable to do; the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, or any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LVI. And whereas great Inconveniencies have arisen to the Inha- Commoners of bitants and Commoners of the Parishes of Stretham aforesaid and Water- ^ratirUaTh

8 beach may erect a

44° GEORGII III. Cap .70.

QMt between beach in the said County of Cambridge, by reason of the Vicinity of their monjC°in" Commons, and there not being a Gate to prevent the straying of their Cattle front one Comrtton to the other: And whereas there is no convenient Place for erecting any such Gate, but across the present Turnpike Road leading through the said Parifltes; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, by and with the Consent of the Trustees of the said South District, or any Seven or more of them, at some Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, in pursuance of a Notice to be signed by any Seven of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Treasurer, and affixed on all the Turnpike Gates within the said District, and also advertised in some Newspaper usually Circulated in the said County of Cambridge, at least Fourteen Days before such Meeting, to erect and set up a Gate across the said Road at the Place where the Commons belonging to the said Parishes meet, or as near thereto as may be, they the said Inhabitants building a House thereto, and providing and paying a proper Keeper to take Care of such Gate, and placing and building such Gate and House in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, assembled at such Meeting as aforesaid, shall direct, and answering all Damages that may arise from their Neglect, or from the Neglect of the Person or Persons appointed to keep the said Gate.

For paying

LVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty* m"°f n*nth Day of September which will be in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seven, One-third Part at least of all and every the Tolls and Sums of Money which shall arise and be collected and received within the said North District, shall be applied by the Trustees thereof in Payment and Discharge of the Interest now due, and which shall from henceforth become due and payable for the Principal Sum and Sums of Money now charged and hereafter to be charged upon the Tolls arising within the said North Distr dt, or in Payment of so much of such Interest as the fame Third Part shall be sufficient to discharge.

Commissioners

LVIII. And whereas the Support of the East Bank of the River Ouse 'fenDijirti* *s &reat Consequence to the Commissioners and Land Owners of a may creit certain District of Fen, called Burnt Fen First Disiridl (which is protected o.ruie Hirer by Bank, and to the Piefervation of the Lands lying within the

Ouji. said District, which must on every Breach or Failure of the said Bank be

overflowed and annoyed with Waters, to the Loss of many Thousand Acres of rich and valuable Land, and the great Impoverishment of the Owners and Occupiers thereof): And whereas the present Turnpike Road leading from Scottings Ferry to Brandon Creek Bridge runs on the said East Bank of the said River Ouse, and by the frequent passing of Horses and Carriages thereon the said Bank may in Time become much worn and lowered: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Preservation of the said Bank, and the Protection of the said Distiidt, if the said Commissioners had Power to erect and set up a sufficient Breastwork on the Riverfide of the said Bank or Turnpike Road, but so as not thereby to reduce the Breadth of the said Road to less than Sixteen Feec in any Part

ii?5

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Part thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the patting of this A if, the said C.ommissioners of the said District, called Burnt Fen First Disirift, and their Officers, Agents, Servants, Labourers, and Workmen, shall have Power and Authority to enter into and upon the Lands adjoining to the said Turnpike Road or Bank, and also on the said Turnpike Re ad or Bank, with all such Implements and Utensils as shall be necessary, and to ered and set up a Breadwork upon the said Road or Bank on the River Side thereof, at such Times as they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary, and to make such Breastwork to be on an Average Two Feet above the present Height of the said Road or Bank in the lowed Part thereof, and Eight Feet above the Surface of the Lands in the said Didrid.

l.IX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in making the said Breadwork, the Breadth of the said Road or Bank shall in no Part thereof be reduced to less than Sixteen Feet.

LX. And be it further enacted, That, towards defraying the Expence of making the said Breadwork, the said Trustees of the said North Didrid shall pay to the said Commissioners of the said Didrid the Sum of Fifty Pounds, in Manner following; (that is to say), the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, Part thereof, so soon as the said Commissioners shall have expended the Sum of Fifty Pounds in making the said Breadwork, and the Remainder of the said Sum of Fifty Pounds so soon as the said Commissioners shall have expended the further Sum of Fifty Pounds in making such Breadwork as aforesaid.

LXI. And, in order to preserve the said Bank from Hurt or Injury, be it further enacted, That such Bank shall not be fed with any Kind of Cattle whatsoever; and that if any Cattle shall be found upon the said Road or Bank, the Owner or Owners thereof shall forfeit and pay for the same to the said Commissioners the Sum of One Penny per Head for any Sheep, and One Shilling per Plead for all other Cattle, to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of such Sheep and Cattle respectively.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of the said South Didrid, or any Five or more of them, may cause the Roads within such Didrid by this Act directed or intended to be made, widened, turned, altered, or repaired, to be measured, and Stones or Pods to be from Time to Time set up on the Sides thereof, with Inscriptions denoting the Number of Miles and Didances of Places; and if any Person shall wilfully and designedly break, pull down, dig up, injure, or destroy any such Stones or Pods, or shall erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions made thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person diall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, along any of the Roads hereby directed or intended to be repaired, any Tree or Piece of Timber, other-[Loc. €3* Per.~] 13 F wife

Limiting the Breadth of the Bieaftwork.

F>»rpaying the Lxoences ot making such Breadwork.

Penalty on Persons feeding Cattle on the Ealt Bank, etc.

Trustees of

Siuth Distriift may cause Roads to be measured and Mile S:ones to be cricted. Penalty on defacing Mile Srones.

Penalty on drawing Timber,^//: except on Wheel Carriage*.

1126

Proceeding!to be entered in Books.

Copies may be taken.

Books may be read in Evidence.

Penalties and Forfiitures to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale.

How to be applied.

If no Distress the Offender to be committed.

If the Offender lives ut of the

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

wife than upon or by Wheel Carriages, or hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn any Plough upon or across any Part of the Roads within the said South District, whereby the same shall be prejudiced, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That Accounts of all Receipts and Disbursements, and all Contrafts, Orders, and Proceedings entered into, made and had, by or on the Behalf of the Trustees of the said South District in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this present Act, shall be entered in Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said lad mentioned Trustees; and that any Person may take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding One hundred Words Two-pence, and so proportionably for any Number of Words; which said Books, and also the Books directed to be kept for the registering and entering Securities for Monies borrowed, and of any Assignments thereof, shall be admitted to be read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, Suits, or Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Penaldes and Forfeitures by this Act imposed for any Offence against the fame, and all Costs and Charges allowed and ordered by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in relation to the Recovery thereof (which said Costs and Charges such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered to award at his and their Discretion, the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Person liable or ordered to pay the fame respectively, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus of such Distress and Sale, if any, to the Party or Parties, after deducting the Charges of making the same; which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant upon Conviction of the Offender, by Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon Order made as aforesaid; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, Costs and Charges, when so levied, shall be paid One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the Trustees for the District of Roads where the Offence shall happen, to be employed towards the Repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by this Act; and in case such Distiefs cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures, or the said Costs or Charges shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the fame respectively to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the Limit where the Offence shall be committed, or such Order as aforesaid shall be made, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty, Forfeiture, Costs, cr Charges shall respectively be sooner paid; and if such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable or ordered to pay the fame respectively.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

foeftively, shall live out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices hereby authorized to grant such Warrant, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the Limit wherein such Person shall inhabit, and every such Justice is hereby required, upon Request to him for that Purpose made, and upon a true Copy of the Conviction whertby such Forfeiture or Penalty was incurred, or of the Order for the Payment of such Costs or Charges, produced and proved by a c edible Witness upon Oath, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cau;e the Penalty or Forfeiture mentioned in such Order, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable or ordered to pay the fame respectively as aforesaid; and if no sufficient Distress can be had, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such Limit for the Time and in Manner aforesaid.

LXVI. Provided nevertheless, That no Warrant of Distress, unless otherwise directed by this Act, shall be issued for levying any Penalty or Forfeiture, Costs or Charges, until Six Days after the Offender shall have been convicted, and an Order made and served upon him or her for Payment thereof.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemd unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed aTrefpasser or Trespasser, on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, ah initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe.

LXVIII. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover In any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to be committed, any such Irregularity or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Orders and Judgements shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIX. Provided always, That where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action, he, (lie, or they, shall be paid his, her, or their full Costs of Suit, and have the like Remedies for recovering the fame, as for the recovering of Costs in any other Cafe by Law.

1 I 27

Jurisdiction of the fustice, 1 he Justices where lie lives m:»\ proceed, having a C 'py of the Conviction duly proved

Time of iffii-in? Warrant of Distress

Distress not unlawful for Want of Foim.

Tender of Amends may be made before the Action be brought.

Where Plain-titfs rtcover to have full G jfts.

1128

Trustees may luc anil fe filed in the Na 1 c of tLeir Ckjk.

Clerk to be repaid his Expences.

Inhabitants may be Evidences.

Du eling the Application cf Com pen-fation Money whereexceeding aoo I.

44° GEORGGII III. Cap. 70.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being (in whom the Right, Interest, and Property of and in all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses which shall be erected and provided in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, with the several Conveniencies and Appurtenances thereunto belonging respectively, and flie Materials of which the same shall consist, and all other Materials, Implements, and Things which shall be purchased or provided for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, shall be veiled, for the prosecuting or defending any Indictment, Suit, or Action, ordered by the said Trustees by or again!! any Person or Persons whomsoever); and that no Indictment, Suit, or Action, which shall he brought or commenced by or again!! the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue or on Account of the said Acts and this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act or Default of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose; but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Indictment, Suit, oh Action, as the case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk by whom or in whole Name any Indictment, Suit, or Action, shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, shall be advanced or reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue thereof and of this Act, all such Colts, Damages, and Charges, as by every such Proceeding he shall be put to or become chargeable with by Means or on Account of his being so made Prosecutor, Plaintiff, or Defendant.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon any Complaint, Information, Indictment, or Action, to be laid, preferred, or brought again!! any Person or Persons for any Offence committed again!! the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, the Evidence of any of the Inhabitants of any of the Parishes or Places through which any of the Roads directed or intended by the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, to be made, widened, altered, or repaired, do or shall lie, shall not be refused by reason of his being an Inhabitant of any such Parish or Place; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts, or any of them, is particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said

Court,

1129

4+" GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the Jike Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted und r the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, and He editaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold lor the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without [Lee. if Per.] 13 G obtaining

Application of Com pen ration Money when less than too/, and above ao/.

ii3°

Application where the Sum is left than 10 /.

In case of not making out Titles j

Of if Persons cannot he found, Purchase Money to he paid into the Bank j

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or

Petition*

Where any

Question shall aiife touching the Title to' Mo-ley to be

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

LXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known ordiscovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing theni], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Clueftion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in ptiffuance of the said recited Act or this 5 Act,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70. 1131

Act, for the purchase of any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Buildines, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall Ire made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

paid, the Pei on who shall be in

P jfleflion of the Lands, s’/-, at the Time »f such Purr ciafe, shall be de-med entitled thereto, according to such PolTck ft on.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by The Court reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Exunu.cs of Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said Acts or Pun-hifesto this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid co[npany!' into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the likeUfes, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases front Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, to draw up and record such Conviction, mutatis mutandis, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

‘ County of 7 n£ it remembered, That on this Day Form of

1 of in the Year Wariantof

of the Reign of His present Majesty, A.B. is convicted before me, Convictum'

‘ for, us] of His Majesty's Justices of the

‘ Peace lor the said County of

‘ LfPecfftnZ Offence, and ‘Time and Place when and where the

‘ fame was committed, as the Case shall be"] and I [or, we] the said

Justice [or, Justices] do adjudge him [or, her] to forfeit and pay

, v ‘ for

ii 32

To proportion the Ex-pem.es of obtaining this Act.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to Quarter. Session*.

44° GEORGII III.

for the fame the Sum of

under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands

Year above written.’

LXXIX. And, in order to prevent any Disputes touching the Proportion which ought to be paid out of the Tolls arising within the said Districts respectively towards defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, be it further enacted, That Two Third Parts thereof shall be paid by the Trustees of the said South District, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer for the Time being, out of the Tolls collided or to be collected at any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected within the said South District, and that the Remainder of such Expences shall be paid by the Trustees of the said North District, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer for the Time being, out of the Tolls collected or to be collected at any of the Gates or Turnpikes continued or erected, or to be erected, on the Roads within the said North District.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Limit wherein the Canle of such Complaint shall arise, such Appellant or Appellants lirft giving or causing to be giving Six Days Notice at lead in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the Trustees of the District of Roads within which the Cause or Matter of such Appeal shall arise, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, Liberty, or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal at such General Quarter Sessions, and to abide the Order of, and pay such Colls as lhait be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Seliions, upon due Proof of Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and aw ard such Coils to the Parties appealing or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper, to be levied and recovered as herein before directed, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive to all intents and Purposes; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided that no such Appeal shall be made against any Conviction for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by virtue of the said recited Acts or this present Act, or either of them, unless the Person convicted shall, at the Time of such Conviction, (if he shall be then present, if not within Six Days after,) give or cause to be given Notice of his or her Intention to appeal, and at the same Time enter into Recognizance, or give Security with sufficient Sureties to pay such

Penalty

Cap. 70.

Givefi

and Seals} the Day and

1*33

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

Penalty or Forfeiture, in case such Conviction shall be affirmed upon such Appeal; and upon his or her giving such Security, the further Proceedings for such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be suspended until such Appeal shall be heard and determined.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, affect, or prejudice, any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities, vested in the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, or Conservators, by virtue of an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, or by virtue of any other Act or Statute whatsoever; but that all Rights, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, which now are vested in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, or in the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Conservators, or any of them, shall for ever hereafter remain, continue, and be in them and every of them, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and the fame and every such Action or Suit shall be brought within the County or Place where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, such Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

EXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without special ly pleading the same.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and [Loe. Per.] 13 H determine,

Rights of the Corporation

of Bedford

l.t-Vrl ie-

served.

Limitation

Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Publick Act.]

Continuance of the Act.

H34

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 70.

determine, and that the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Act contained) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

rN H

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 7 r.

An Act for enabling the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Thomas Cureton Esquire to carry into Execution certain Agreements entered into by John Cureton Esquire, his Son, for the Sale of an Estate called Pradoe in the County of Salop, and for the Purchase of an Estate called The Hurst in the same County.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS Thomas Cureton, late of Hordley in the County of Salop, Gentleman, deceased, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, gave and devised unto his Wife Mary Cureton and her Assigns, for and during the Time of her natural Life, and so long as she should continue his Widow and unmarried, One clear yearly Annuity, Rent Charge, or Sum of Thirty Pounds, to be issuing and payable out of a Messuage or Tenement and Hereditaments in the said County of Salop, called The Pradoe, to be paid to her by half yearly Payments, with Power to distrain for the fame when in [Loc. & Per.] 13/ Arrear;

17th Septem. her 1798.

The Will of Thomas Cureton Esq. whereby he devised the Estate called The Pradoe to John Cureton his eldest Son, and his Heirs, charged with an Annuity of jo/, to

hood, and with 300l. to such Periods as (he Mould appoint by her Will.

Dra h and Illtie of the said Thomds Cure ton.

*138 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

titeTedator's Arrear; and with Power to <;ive or leave by her Will, or othrrwife, the wid!owlS Sum ot Three hundred Pounds, in such Manner as she should think, proper;, to be paid and payable out of and from the aforesaid Estate and Premises, called The Pradoe, within Twelve Months after her Decease, if she continued unmarried after his Decease; and the said Testator, by his said Will, gave and deviled his said Messuage or Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging, (but charged and chsrgeable with the Payment of the said yearly Annuity or Rent Charge, and the said Sum of Three hundred Pounds, as therein and herein-before is mentioned.) unto his Son John Cureton, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever; and the said Testator thereby authorized and appointed John Menlove of Braden Heath in the County of Salop, Gentleman, and Thomas Edmunds of The Buildings in the same County, Gentleman, to be Guardians and Trustees of all his Sons and Daughters, and of their several and respective Properties therein-before by him disposed of, until they severally attained the Age of Twenty-one Years; and the said Testator nominated, constituted, and appointed the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said Thomas Cureton departed this Life on or about the Eighteenth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, leaving Iffiie Four Children j videlicet, Two Sons, namely, John Cureton his eldell Son, and Thomas Cureton his younger Son, and Two Daughters, namely. Probate of the Mary Cureton and Margaret Cureton, arid no other Child: And whereas Tei}at°r s the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds duly proved the Will of the «ft Non 1801 Thomas Cureton in the Peculiar Court of Litchfield: And whereas by Contract for ’ Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the First Day of November One fivJfof6 to the eight hundred and two, and made between the said John

Honourable Cureton of the First Part, the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds of the Second Part, and the Honourable Thomas Kenycn of Gredington in the County of Flint of the Third Part; the said John Cureton, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, contracted and agreed with the said Thomas Kenyon, for the Sale to him the said Thomas Kenyon of the said Estate, called The Pradoe, at or for the Price or Sum of Six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds: And whereas by Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Third Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, made between William Egerton Jeffreys of Shretvjhury in the County of Salop, Gentleman, of the One Part, and the said Thomas Edmunds, John Menlove, and John Cureton of the other Parr, the said Thomas Edmunds, John Menlove, and John Cureton contra died with the said William Egerton Jeffreys for the Purchase from the said William Egerton Jeffreys, of the Manor or reputed Manor, or Hamlet of Cotton, with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances; and all that capital Messuage and Tenement called The Hurst Farm, with the Lands, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate, lying, and being in the Parishes of Westbury and Worthen in the said County of Salop, and all that other Cottage and Tenement, with the Appurtenances, situate in Cotton or Hurfi aforesaid, and also all Timber and other Trees then growing on the said Premises, (which said Hereditaments are commonly known by the Name of The Hurfi,) with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances; and the Inheritance in Fee Simple of the said Hereditaments, subject to the Land Tax and Tythes, and a Quit Rent of One Shilling and Sixpence, but free

from

Thomas

Kenyon.

jtl OS. i8ot, Contract for the hurch ile of Hurfi Fain from William Egerton Jeffreys Elquhc.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

from other Incumbrances, at or for the Price or Sum of Sevtn thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds: And whereas the Paid John Cureton Death of John departed this Life on or about the Eighth Day of the said Month of Cur"°n-November One thousand eight hundred and three, under the Age of Twenty one Years, and without having married: And whereas the First Particular of Schedule annexed to this Act contains a Particular of the said Estate, fomaTned in'* called Pradoe, by which it appears that the fame consists of a large FiritSchedule. Mansion House and Buildings, and about One hundred and twenty-six Acres of Land, valued at One hundred and thirty-eight Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence per Annum: And whereas the Second Schedule Particular of annexed to this Act contains a Particular of the said Estate, called The Hurji, by which it appears that the fame consists of the said Manor or the Second reputed Manor, or Hamlet of Cotton, and the said MdTuage and Farm, Schedule, called The Hurji Farm, containing about Two hundred and sixteen Acres, let at the yearly Rem of Two hundred and twenty Pounds, upon a Lease which will expire in March One thousand eight hundred and nine: And whereas the said Estate at Pradoe, by reason of the Largeness object of the of the Mansion House upon it, and its requiring considerable Sums of Bl]l-Money to complete and keep the fame in Repair, and its being incapable of any considerable agricultural Improvement, is an inconvenient Estate for the said Thomas Cureton the Son; and the said Estate called The Hurji, from its Completeness and Capability of Improvement, is a very desirable Estate for the said Thomas Cureton the Son: And the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, on Account of its evident and certain Advantage to the said Thomas Cureton the Son, are desirous the said recited Agreements for the Sale of the said Estate at Pradoe, and the Purchase of the said Estate called The Hurji, shall take Effect, and have paid the Sum of Three thousand Pounds to the said William Eger ton Jeffreys, in Part of the Sum of Seven thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, contrasted to be paid by them for the Purchase thereof as herein before is mentioned and therefore the Sum of Four thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, and no more, of the said Purchase Money, now refnains to be paid: And whereas the Sum of Seven thousand seven hundred and fifty The Differ Pounds (the Money to be paid for the Purchase of the said Estate called The Hurji) exceeds the Sum of Six thousand three hundred and fifty produced by Pounds (the Money to arise from the Sale of the said Estate called The ^rest*1e'a°^the Pradoe') by the Sum of One thousand and four hundred Pounds; and the required for said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, from their Wilh to serve the said Thomas Cureton the Son, their Ward, did undertake to advance the (being i.W.) fame towards the Completion of the Purchase of the said Estate called advanced by The Hujl, upon Condition that the lame Estate should be charged with and tobe*6’ the said Sum of One thousand and four hundred Pounds for their Benefit: charged upon And whereas the said Sum of One thousand and four hundred Pounds, so agreed to be advanced by the said John Merdove and Thomas Edmunds The , 400i as aforesaid, has already been advanced and paid by them to the said paid by the William Egerton Jeffreys, the fame being included in the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds so paid to him as aforesaid: And whereas the pro- w. Egn-ttm posed Sale and Purchase will be highly for the Advantage of the said 1‘SreJs' Thomas Cureton the Son j but by reason of the Infancy of the said Thomas Cureton the Son, the fame cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said

1140

The Pradoe Estate veiled in ihe Trustees in Trust.

The Trustees

to convey the Pradoe Eitaie to Thomas Kenytm

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

said John Menlove and 'Thomas Edmunds, for and on Behalf of the said Thomas Cureton the Son, most humbly pray Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Mansion House or capital Messuage, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, called Pradoe, by the said Will of the said Thomas Cureton the Father devised as herein-before is mentioned, and a Particular of which is comprized in the said First Schedule annexed to this Act, and the Timber and Trees in and upon the fame, and all Ways, Waters, Watercourses, Advantages, Profits, Commodities, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, belonging to, or used, occupied, or enjoyed with the fame, or reputed or taken as Part or Parcel of the fame, shall, from and after the First Day of dugujl in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and four, be vested in the said John Men-love and Thomas Edmunds, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and discharged of and from all the Estate, Right, or Interest of the said Thomas Cureton the Son, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in or to the said Mansion House and other Hereditaments, or any Part of the fame, and of and from the said annual Sum of Thirty Pounds, by the said Will of the said Thomas Cureton the Father devised to the said Mary Cureton his Wife, during her Widowhood, and her Powers and Remedies for recovering and enforcing the Payment thereof; and of and from the Power by the lame Will devised to her the fame Mary Cureton to charge the said Mansion House and other Hereditaments with Three hundred Pounds; and also of and from the said Sum of Three hundred Pounds, and the Interest thereof; and of and from all Claims whatsoever of the said Thomas Cureton the Son and Mary Cureton, or either of them, or their or either of their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Mansion House and other Hereditaments are hereby vested in the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, and their Heirs, upon Trust that the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, under the Orders and Directions of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery at Westminster, to be made or given as herein-after is mentioned, carry into immediate Execution the Agreement so entered into between the said John Cureton, John Menlove, and Thomas Edmunds, and the said Thomas Kenyon, as herein before is mentioned; and also the Agreement so entered into between the said John Cureton, John Menlove, and Thomas Edmunds, and the said William Egerton Jeffreys, as herein before mentioned; and for that Purpose do and shall, (under such Orders and Directions as aforesaid,) and upon Payment of the said Sum of Six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds as herein-afte^ is mentioned, well and effectually convey the said Mansion House and other Hereditaments, hereby vested in the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, their Heirs and Assigns, and every Part and Parcel of the fame (so freed and discharged as herein-before is enacted or expressed) unto and to the Use of the said Thomas Kenyon, his Heirs and Assigns, or to such other Person or Persons, and in such other Manner, as he or they shall for that Purpose direct or appoint.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 71. 1141

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That previously to Purchase the said Thomas Kenyon, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, having a Conveyance of the said ManfionHouse and other Hereditaments ing together called ThePradoe, he the said Thomas Kenyon, his Heirs, Executors, Admi- of the

nistrators, or Assigns, shall pay the Sum of Six thousand three hundred liurjtEstate, and fifty Pounds, the Purchase Money agreed by him to be paid for the ^tk,nto ,he fame, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of ’ the Accountant General of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his- Account there ex parte the said Thomas Kenyon, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, so paying the fame, (which said Sum of Six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, and One thousand and four hundred Pounds, by the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds paid as herein-before is mentioned, amount together to the Sum of Seven thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, the whole Purchase Money agreed to be paid for the said Estate called The Hurst,) and such Payment into the Bank shall be made in the Method prescribed by the said Act of Parliament of the Twelfth Year of King George the First,

Chapter Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth; and the Receipt or Receipts of any Cashier of the Pank of England for the said Sums of Six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, with the Certificate of the Accountant General annexed to and filed with the fame, in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, shall be a good and effectual Receipt for the said Sum of Six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, and shall discharge the Persons respectively paying the fame, and their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, from being answerable for Misapplication, or being in any Manner bound or concerned to fee to the Application of the fame respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That until the Execution of the Conveyance hereby directed to be made of the said Mansion House and other Hereditaments called The Pradoe to the said Thomas Kenyon, his Heirs and Assigns, as herein-before is mentioned, the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, shall permit and futfer the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof to be had, received, and taken, by the Persons who would have been entitled to the fame if this Act had not been passed.

Until the Conveyance of the Estate at Pradoe is executed, the Persons who would be entitled to it, if the Act had net passed, to receive the Kents.

V. And be it further enacted, That, as soon as may be after the Payment into the Bank of the said Sum of Six thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, the fame shall, under the Order and Directions of the said Court of Chancery, to be made and given as herein-after is mentioned, be laid out in the Purchase of the said Manor and other Hereditaments called The Hurst, by the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, agreed to be purchased from the said William Egerton Jeffreys, as herein-before is mentioned and comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act; or if the Court of Chancery shall not approve of the said Purchase, then in the Purchase of other Freehold Hereditaments to be situate in England; and the said Manor and other Hereditaments, by proper Deeds, Conveyances, and Assurances in the Law, to be approved of either by His [Lac. if Per.] 13 K Majesty’s

The 6,350/. to be laid out in the Purchas- of the Hurst or of any other Estate to be approved of by the Court of Chancery \

1142

and the Purchase Ed ate to be settled to the Use of the said Tbtmas Cure-ion the Son, his Heirs and A/signs.

Purchase Money to be laid out in Navy 01 Victual in? Bills until the Purchase#

Until the Purchase of the Uurji Estate,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

Majesty's Attorney or His Solicitor General, or some Barrister to be appointed by him, shall with all convenient Speed be conveyed, settled, and allured, so and in such Manner that the said Estate called The Hurst may be charged with an annual Sum of Thirty Pounds, to be paid to the said Mary the Widow of the said ‘Thomas Cureton the Father, during her Widowhood, at the Times and in Manner in the said Will of the said Thomas Cureton the Father expressed, for the Payment of the annual Sum of Thirty Pounds therein mentioned, and with a Power enabling the said Mary Cureton the Widow to charge the fame Estate called The Hurst with the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, on the Event in the said Will of the said Thomas Cureton the Father, mentioned in respect to the therein mentioned Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and so and on and in such Manner also that the said Estate called The Hurst may be charged also with the Sum of One thousand and four hundred Pounds to the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with Interest for the fame at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Time of the said Payment of the aforesaid Sum of One thousand and four hundred Pounds, unto the said William Egerton Jeffreys in Manner herein-before directed; and so and in such Manner also that, subject and charged as herein-before is mentioned, the said Estate called The Hurst shall be veiled in, and for ever be and remain to the Use of the said Thomas Cureton the Son, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the mean Time, and until the Money hereby directed to be paid into the Bank as herein-before is mentioned shall be inverted in the Purchase of the said Estate called The Hurst, or some other Freehold Estates as herein-before is mentioned, the same shall from Time to Time be laid out, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest or Income arising from or attending the fame Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they respectively are paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills; and the said Navy and Victualling and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General, and shall there remain until the fame shall, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for completing the Purchase or Purchases herein-before mentioned; and if the Money arising by the Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in such Case only the Surplus which shall remain of the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons respectively, who, at the Time when the Order for the Sale of the said Bills shall be made, would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased therewith, in case the fame were then actually purchased and settled in pursuance of the Trulls and Directions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the mean Time, and until such Purchase of the said Estate called The Hurst can be had

and

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

and completed as aforesaid, the said Annuity of Thirty Pounds, or so much and such Part or Parts thereof as shall from Time to Time become due, shall be charged and chargeable on, and paid and payable out of the said Estate called Pradoe, to the said Mary Cureton, by equal Half-yearly Payments, as the same shall become due, pursuant to the Directions of the Will of the said Thomas Cureton deceased.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be presented by or on the Behalf of the said Thomas Cureton the Son, his Heirs or Assigns, to make such Orders and give such Directions for or respecting the Sale or Sales of the said Mansion and other Hereditaments called The Pradoe, or for or respecting the Payment or Application of the Money arising from the said Sale, and hereby directed to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or for or respecting the Investment of the fame on the Purchase of the said Ellate called The Hurji, or of any other Estate, or in the Purchase of Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, or for or respecting the Sale or Disposition of the said Bills, or the Money arising the reby, or for or respecting the carrying of any other of the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into Execution, or for or respecting any other Matter or Thing relating to the fame, as the said Court shall think proper, expedient, just, or reasonable.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, or either of them, or any Trustee or Trustees who shall be appointed in the Stead or Place of them, or either of them, as herein-after mentioned, or their or either of their Heirs or Assigns, shall die, or shall be desirous to be discharged from the Trusts hereby created, then and so often as any such Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be presented in a summary Way, by or on the Behalf of the said Thomas Cureton the Son, his Heirs or Assigns, to appoint any Person to be proposed in the said Petition, or named by the said Court, to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged; and thereupon the said Mansion House, and other Hereditaments called Pradoe, if the same shall not have been conveyed to the said Thomas Kenyon, his Heirs or Assigns, or to any other Person or Persons in pursuance of the Directions for that Purpose herein-before contained, shall, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred, in such Sort and Manner so as to become legally and effectually vested in the said surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees of the fame, if there shall be any such surviving or continuing Trustee, or such new or other Trustee or Trustees, or if there shall be no surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees, then in such new Trustees only, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, herein-before declared of and concerning the same, or such of them as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things act in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trusts to which he and they shall respectively be appointed, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers and Authorities, and to all Intents, Effects, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had originally, in and by this Act, been nominated a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes

ri43

the Annuity to Mrs. Cure tin to be paid out of the Pradce Estate.

Court of Chancery to have Power to make necessary Orders.

Appointment of new Truk tees.

1144

General

Saving.

[Publick Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

for which such new Trustee or Trustees respectively shall be appointed a Trustee or Trustees.

X. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Persons and Person, Bodies Politick, and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the said Thomas Cureton the Son, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and the said Mary Cureton, her Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and the said John Men-love and Thomas Edmunds, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Mansion House, Hereditaments, and Premises, hereby vested in the said John Menlove and Thomas Edmunds, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a printed Copy thereof shall be admitted as Evidence, and taken Notice of and allowed by all Judges, Justices, and others, in the same Manner as if this Act had been hereby declared a

The

44° GEORGII

III. Cap. 71

1145

The First SCHEDULE referred to by the said Act.

yrALUATION of the Mansion House of Pradoe, with the Lands and Ground thereto belonging, in the Possession of the Honourable !Thomas Kenyon.

Pasture Land, Gardens, &c. Arable Land — — Plantations — — Quantity. A. K. P. — 45 O 19] — 75 3 — 5 0 oj Annual Value. £ ' d. 138 1 11

125 3 19 ^i38 1 11

OBSERVATIONS.

The Window and House Taxes amount to 18/. for. per Annum. The Timber on this Lot is worth at lead 100l.

B. Burd.

*3 L

[Lee. (J. Per.]

The

1146

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 71.

The Second SCHEDULE referred to by the said Act.

"IfALUATION of the Manor or reputed Manor or Hamlet of Cotton or Hurst, and Hurst Farm, consisting of the Manor, Dwelling House, Barns, Dovehouse, and sundry other Outbuildings, Garden and Orchards, with the undermentioned Lands, let on Lease to John Jones, which Lease expires at Lady Day 1809.

Quantity- PreOntytar’yRent. Yeaily Value.

A. R. P. £ i. d. £. /. d.

Meadow Land 55 0 31

Failure, Orchard, &c. 87 3 10 1 f

Arable - - - 67 0 I > 220 0 0 J 3C7 15 n

Small Tenement and Cottage I 3 29

Wood Land - - - - 40 O' J I

2 5 3 31 220 1 O O 307 15 II

L- s. d.

Value of Hurst Estate at 27 Years Purchase - - 8,289 0 0

Prelent Rent of Hurst is 220/. which, if deducted

from the yearly Value of 307/. will make an annual > Difference of 85/. for 5 Yeafs, which will amount to j 4*. O O

Value of Pradoe Estate at 27 Years Purchase 7,864 0 0 3,726 0 0

Dedu£t Money advanced to complete the Purchase of? Hurst Estate ----- 3 4,138 0 0 1,400 0 0

Benefit accruing to Mr. Cureton - - - £-2,738 0 0

OBSERVATIONS.

The Meadow Land may be much improved by draining and floating, and by laying out about 40/. upon it, the increased Value would be at least from 8 s. to 10 s. per Acre per Annum. The Timber on this Lot confills of a Coppice of young Oak and Fir, and Oak, Alh, and Elm, growing in the Hedgerow's; the Value of which is at least 300l.

B. Burd.

LONDON: Printed by George F.yre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4 tMt*

or Townships of Normanton and Woodhouse, otherwise Newland-cum-lVoodhouse Moor, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS there are within the several Manors or Townships of Normanton and Woodhouse, othersife Newland-cum-Woodhouse Moor, in the West R ding of the County of Turk, divers Open Common Fields, containing by Efbmaion Three hundred and thirty Acres or thereabouts; and there are also within the said Manors or Townships, certain Commons and Waste Ground*, containing by Estimation Two hundred and sixty Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Mnli Noble George William Frederick Duke of Leeds is Lord of the said Manor of Normanton, and Sir Edward Smith Baronet is Lord of the said Manor of Woodhouse, otherwise Newland-cum-Woodhouse Moor, and severally claim to be entitled to or interested in, the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said Sir Edward Smith, James Fan He Esquire, Lydia Buckle Spinster, Thomas Copley Esquire, Joshua Ingham Esquire, William 7 horn ton, William Gar lick, Thomas Brooke, Joseph Armitage, John Hep tinjlall, William Walker, and divers other Persons respectively, are Owne s and Proprietor* of the Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the said respective Manors or

Cap. 72.

Lands within the several Manors

\Loc. U Per. J

13 M

Townships:

1150

ComniilTioner.

Election of new Cominif. fioner.

4-4-° GEORGII III. Cop.ji.

Townships: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His pr-sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in one Act, certain Prcviftons ufudlty ihflrted in Act> of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Ft fts ufuatly required on the puffing of Jttcb Acts: And whereas the said Open Common Fit-Ids, Commons, and Waste Grounds,’ are subjrft to certain Commonable Rights, and the Lands in the said Open Common Fields lie intermixed and dtfperfed with each other,' and great Part thereof inconveniently situate for the re-fp ft've Owners and Proprietors thereof, and the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in their present State, yield but little Profit to the several Persons interested therein; and it would be very advantageous to them if such Commonable Rights v;ere extinguished, and the Lid Open Common Field', Commons, and Waste Grounds divided, and spec sick Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respectivr Estates, Rights, and Inurefts; but i'uch Extinguishment, Division, and Allotment, cannot be efTcfted, without the Aid and Authority^! Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con lent ‘of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlirment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That William Whit clock, of Brotherton in the said County of York, Gentleman, and his Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after men. tinned, Shall be and he h hefeby appointed Commiflicmer for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Commons, and Whiftc Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution, in the Manner and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein contained, and also subject to the Regulations and Provisions of the said recited Act, except where the same are hereby varied or altered.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner, or his Successor, to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act in the ’Execution of the PoWers anil Authorities hereby vested in him, before she Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, or his Successor, then and so often as it shall so happen it shall be lawful for the Lords of th'e said respective Mano s, and the Majority in Value o[ the Owners and Proprietors of Lands entitled to Right of Common within the said Manors for the Titne being respectively, by themselves or their Agents, at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose by the Solicitor to the said Inclosure, by Advertisement to be inserted Twice in the Newspaper called The Leeds Intelligencer, or in case that Paper shall not then be published, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the West Riding of the County of York, within Forty Days next after such Commissioner shall happen to die, refute, or be disabled to act, and the first of such Advertisements to appear at least Fourteen Days previous to the Day of such Meeting, by a Majority of Three Votes, to be taken at such Meeting in Manner next herein-after mentioned j (that is to say), One Vote to be given by the Lord of the said Manor 6f Normanton, another Vote to be given by the Lord of the said Manor 6f Wcodkcufe, otherwise Neivland-cum-Woodhouse Moor, and the Third Vote to be given by a Majority in Value of the respective Owners and Proprietors of Lands within the said Manors for the Time being respectively, to ekft some other Person, not interested in the said intended Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the room or stead of him so dying, refuting; or being

tii fabled

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 72,

dWabled to act j and the Peifoo so to be elected shall after such Election, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this and the salt} recited Act into Execution, as tf be had been originally appointed a Comm'flioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Gee, of Lit lie Houghton, in the Parish of Barfield, in the said County, Lund Surveyor, shall be and he is hereby appointed Surveyor for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the said Thomas Gee, or his Successor to be appointed in his room by virtue of this Act, shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act as Surveyor to the said intended Inclosure, then and so often as it shall so happen, another fit Pciffn shall be elected and appointed in his room in like Manner as herein-before directed for the Election and Appointment of a Commissioner.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall be paid and allowed such Sum or Sums of Money for his Trouble and Expences in and about the Execution of this Act, as shall be reasonable and proper *, and that the Surveyor shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money for his Trouble and Expences in and about the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioner shall order and direct.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby requited to cause Notice in Writing to be given of the Time and Place of his first and every other Attendance or Siccing for the Execution of this Act, by affixing such Notice upon the principal outer Door of the Parih Church of Normanton in the said Riding, and causing the same to be inserted in the said Newspaper called The Leeds Intelligencer, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the West Hiding of the said County o{Tori, Eight Days at lead before every such Attendance or Sitting (Attendances or Sittings by Adjournment only excepted, and which Adjournment the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to make): Provided always, that no Attendance or Sitting of the said Commissioner, Surveyor, or either of them, for putting in Execution this or the said recited Act, shall be held at any Place or Places of greater Distance from the said Manors or Townships than Ferrybridge in the said Riding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioner, or the Solicitor to the said Inclosure, shall be so made and given by affixing the fame upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Normanton aforesaid, and by Advertisemcnc to be inserted in The Leeds Intelligencer, or in case that Paper shall not then be published, then in feme other Newspaper printed and circulated within the West Riding of the said JCouncy of York.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which within Twenty Years previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, shall have been made on the said Commons and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly as Part thereof; and, in case any Dispute or Difference shall atife touching any such Enctoachmeats, or the Extent thereoR such

Dispute

Appointment of a Surveyor.

Commissioner and Surveyor hov/tobepHid

Notice of Attendance of the Conrmiiffioner.

O herN tTces, how to be given.

Encroich-

ment».

1152

44 GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

Dispute shall be determined by the said Commissioner; Provided never-thelef , that all such Encroachments shall be allotted to the Person or Pi rfons who shall at the Time of making such Allotments, be in Possession or Receipt, or entitled to the Rents and Profits, of such Encroachment', in Part of his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the said Commons and Waste Grounds by virtue of this Act, or so far as the fame will extend in Value; and in case any such Encroachment shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioner be of greater Value than the Share or Proportion of the said Commons and Waste Grounds which the Person or Persons so entitled ought to have by virtue of this Act, then the Person or Persons to whom such Encroachment shall be allotted shall pay to the said Commissioner for the Purposes of this- Act, such Sum of Money as he shall adjudge to be of the Value of such Encroachment, over and above the Value of the Allotment to which such Person or Persons shall be entitled.

For dtter-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to determine the

Boun/ary Boundary Fences between the said Manors of Normanton and Woodhouse,

Fences otherwise Newland-cumWoodhouse Moor, and between the fame Manors, or either of them, and the ajoining Manors, Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner (with the Consent in Writing under the respective Hands of the Lords of the said Manors, and under the Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners in any Manor, Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place, interested in any Commons or Wide Grounds adjoining to the said Manors of Normanton and ft^oodhouse, otherwise Newland-cum-lVoodhouse Moor, aforesaid, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Lands upon which such Fence or Fences are intended to be made), to set out, afeer. tain, and determine the Boundaries between the said Manors of Normanton and Woodkoufc, otherwise Newland-cum-Wocdhouft Moor, and between the fame Manors, or either of them, and such other adjoining Manors, Parishes, Townships Hamlets, or Places as aforesaid, in such Manner as he shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary shall be set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the fjme shall be fenced by such Person or Persons in such Manner, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall order and direct in and by his Award; and such Boundary Fences shall be for ever thereafter deemed and t'ken to be the Boundaries between the said Manors of Normanton and Wood-house, otherwise Newland-cum-WoodhouJe Moor, aforesaid, and such adjoining Manors, Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Comminioner

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference pute».tlC D f" A11*! happen to arise tourhing or concerning 3r.y Right or Rights, Claim or Claims, in, over, or upon the said Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the allowing or disallowing the same Rights or Claims, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing rtlative to the said Division and Indolure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, as well by Fxamination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to adimnilter), as upon any other ptoper and sufficient Enquiry and Evidence, to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act

contained

44-* GEORGII III. Cap. 72.' rr53

contained shall authorize the Paid Comm flioner to determine the Title to' any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall, Power to assess upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection Costs>

or Objections, to be made or delivered to him in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall have been made by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall have been thereby dilallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons liable ro pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after dcduding the Colls and Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or parties to try Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Divi- fhej1rn^htJt fion and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Law? u*4t Commissioner, touching or concerning any Right or Rights, Claim or Claims, in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the other Lano’s and Grounds hereby directed ro be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Parrrherc-of, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied ro proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next or the following AlTize3 to be holden for the said County of Tcrk, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be so dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner shall cause an Action to be broughc upon a feigned Iffiie, against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioner j and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to appoint an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Blue or Idlics, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Ilfues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties or their Attornies differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding on all the Parties thercio, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall ft afidc such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had, upon Cause shewn, as in other Cases; and chat alter such Verdict or Verdicts obtained,.and net set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto: Provided also, that no such Action. Verdict, or new Trial, shall [Lee. £s? Per.] 13 IV impede

"54

Actions not to abate on Deaths of Parties.

Commissiom r to ilivert Roads over old Inclosures.

Allotments for Watering Places, Stone Quanier, etc.

Allotments to the Lords for Right of Soil,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

impede or delay the Paid Commissioner in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in him; but the Division and Inclpfure hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in, in such and the same Manner as if no such Action cr Suit were pending.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any or either of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action (bail not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and required, in all Cases where in his Judgement it shall appear to be requisite or proper, or for the more convenient Occupation of the Lands and Tenements within the said several Manors and Townships, to divert and turn any old or accustomed Road, Way, or Path passing or leading through or over any Part of the old Inclosures within the said Manors or Townships, cr either of them, or to (lop up and discontinue such Roads, Ways, and Passages, as to the said Commissioner shall seem meet and proper: Provided always, that no such Road, Way, or Path shall be diverted, turned, flopped up, or discontinued, withouc such Concurrence and Order, and subject to such Appeal as mentioned or referred to in and by the said recited Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall (after frtting out and appointing the necessary publick Carriage Roads and Highways through and over the said Commons and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed) and he is hereby authorized and required, to assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways, within the said Manors or Townships of Normanton and Woodhouse, otherwise Newland-cum-IVcodhouse Moor aforesaid, such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted as the said Commissioner shall think necessitry, not exceeding One Acre and an Half in the Whole, upon the Common or Piece of Wade Ground called Normanton Common, nor exceeding One Acre in the Whole upon the Common called Woodhouse Mo:r, as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for the Purpose of getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials; and the fame Allotments, when set out, shall for ever thereafter be used for the making and forming the publick Roads and Ways over the said respective Commons or Waste Grounds, and afterwards by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said respective Manors or Townships, and their Tenants, for the Time being, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioner shall by his Award direct and appoint.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required, after felting out and appointing the necessary publick Carriage Roads and Highways through and over the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and after setting out the said Allotments for Stone, Gravel, Sand, and Materials as aforesaid, in the next place affien, set out, and allot unto and for the said Duke of Leeds and Sir Edward Smith, Lords of the said several Manors of Normanton and Woodhouse, otherwise Newland-cum-Wcoi-

1J55

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

louse Moor respectively, and being the Owners of the Soil of said Commons and Waste Grounds respectively as aforesaid, such Parts of the said several Commons and Waste Grounds as in the Judgement of the said Commissioner shall be equal to One-Twelfth Part in Value of the Whole of the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, according to the respective Rights and Interests of the said several Lords in and to the Soil of the said several Commons and Waste Grounds, in lieu of such their respective Rights and Interests therein; and also as a Compensation for the Satisfaction which the said Lords respectively are hereinafter by this Act directed to make in the Event of getting and working the Minerals under the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and Allotment of he is hereby authorized and required, to divide, set out, and allot, all the Residue' Residue and Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Persons,

Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, having Right of Common, in, ever, or upon the fame Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Proportions and in Manner following (that is to say), One-Third Part thereof (the Whole in Three equal Parts to be divided), of such Commons and Waste Grounds, to be allotted and awarded unto and amongst the several Owners or Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Cottages, and Tofts, having Right of Common, in proportion to the Number, and without regard to the Value of such Messuages, Cottages, and Tofts j and the remaining Two-Third Parts in Value of the said Residue and Remainder of such Commons and Waste Grounds unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors of such ancient Inclosed Lands and Grounds, and the said Open Common Fields, in proportion and according to the Value thereof, and in lull Bar and Compensation of and for their respective Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, and upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, Division of and he is hereby required, to divide and allot the said Open Common'ileldi."'* mon Fields unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors

thereof, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of Proprietor* the Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and common^ Waste Grounds hereby directed to be inclosed, to sell and dispose of his, nights de-her, and their Right, Share, and Interest, in such Commons and Waste j^eir Estates Grounds, and the Allotment and Allotments in respect thereof, separate and thecom-and detached from the Property to which such Right and Interest shall appertain or belong*, and the said Commissioner shall award the Allotment purchaser. and Allotments to be made in lieu of the Right of Common so fold and disposed of to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, upon Request being made to the said Commissioner so to do, in Writing, signed by the Owners or Proprietors of such Right of Common in the Presence ot One or mote credible Witness or Witnessesj and that such Pu chafer or Purchasers, and his, her, and their Heirs, shall be leifed thereof,

and

1156

ComwilFoner to order the Management of the Open Fields from the Time of passing this Act to the Time of the Execution of the Award.

No Cattle to be kept in the new Inclosures for Seven Years, unless, etc.

Allotments, etc. to be of fame Tenuri as the Lands in respect of which they are allotted.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

and hold and enjoy the finie to and for his and their own Use and Uses.

XIX. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act until the Execution of the Award of the Paid Commissioner, all the Open Common Fields hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, shall be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said Commissioner shall from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand appoinr, as well with regard to the flocking as to the ploughing, sowing, tilling, manuring, and managing the fame; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to order and direct such Sum and Sums of Money in respect thereof to be paid by any Person or Persons interested in the said Open Common Fields, his, her or their Tenant or Tenants, as he the said Commissioner shall think reasonable; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be directed to pay any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the End of Ten Days after the same shall have been demanded, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, to distrain for, raise, and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, may be by Law distrained for, raised, and levied.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, shall be depattured or kept upon, or put into any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, from the said Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person or Persons so keeping or putting in such Cactle, Sheep, or Lambs, shall first, at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a Fence sufficient to guard the young Quick Fences round such Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by such Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, whether such Quick Fences be planted or set by the Owners or Occupiers of such Allotments so to be depattured as aforesaid, or by the Owners or Occupiers of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, which shall be allotted or awarded in Exchange by virtue of this Act, to any Person or Persons for or in lieu of any other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in lieu of any Leasehold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in respect of any Right of Common, or any other Right or luterest appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Pretnifes, final 1, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold and LcafehoJd respectively, and shall be held as such by and under the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Fines, Customs, and Services, as the Copyhold and Leasehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, for or in lieu whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, are now, or shall be held at the Time of the Execution of the said Award; and that such Parts of the said Lands and Grounds as shall be allotted by virtue of this Act in respect of any Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, of the

Tenure

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 72. 115?

Tenure of Copyhold, shall be deemed and taken to be Copyhold, and shall be subject to, and the Owner and Owners thereof shall pay to the Lord or Lady, Lords or Ladies of the Manor or Manors of which such Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, are holden, all such Cullomary Rents, Fealties, Fines, and Services, as the Copyhold MrlTuagts, Lands, cr Hereditaments, in resped whereof the same shall be allotted, are or shall be subject to; and that all and every Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs, to or with whom such Copyhold Mt linages.

Lands, and Hereditaments, shall be allotted or exchanged as aforesaid, shall, within Six Calendar M mths next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Relief or Htriot, to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor or Manors, for such first Admission; but that after such first AJmission, the Copyhold Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, so to be allotted or txt hanged as aforesaid, shall at all Times be held under and subject to the fame Rents, Fealties, Fines, Reliefs, Heriots, and other Payments, as the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, in lieu or in respect whereof the same shall be allotted or exchanged, are now, or at the Time of the Execution of the said Award shall be held under . nd subject to; and the said Commissioner shall by his Award ascertain and describe the Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments respectively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold; and all other Messuages, Lands, and Grounds, to be allotted and exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall be from thenceforth deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold, subject nevrrthelcls to such Free Rents, or other Rents and Services, as are now payable out of the lame, or out of the respective Messuages, Land', Tenemems, or Hereditaments, for or in respect whereof they shall be so allotted or txcharged; and that all Allotments of any Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and indufed, shall be entitled to such and the fame Exemptions in respect to Tythes, and in all other Respects whatsoever, as the several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, are entitled unto.

XXII. And be it further tnadrd. That every Tenant and Occupier Tenantsto under any Lease or Agreement in Writing, or otherwise, at rack or extended llenr, fi.r any Term of Year;, or from Year to Year, of Lands Lands, having in any Open Common Fields or old Indofures, within the said Manors or Satisfaction Townships, or either of them, which shall be allotted or exchanged by m*ae‘ virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall immediately after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, or within such further Time as the said Commissioner shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given for that Purpose, or at such other Time previous to the Execution of the said Award as the said Commissioner shall direct in Writing under his Hand, give up and relinquish peaceable Podclfion of such allotted or exchanged Lands to the Person or Persons to or wiili whom the same shall be respectively allotted or exchanged, such respective Tcnat ts and Occupiers of such allotted or exchanged Lands receiving from the said respective Owners and Proprietors thereof such Satisfaction as the said Commissioner shall adjudge, alctrtain, and direct to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants respectively, as an Equivalent for the Lois or Lodes he, fire, or they shall respectively sustain thereby; and if the Money so to be adjudged and directed to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same within Fourteen Days after [Ler. y Per.2 13 0 Demand

1*53^ 4^ GEORGGII III, Gafy 72.

Demand made-thereof, it shall, be lawful for the said Commissioner, and; he is hereby required to raise, levy, and distrajn for the fame, for the Use. ai)dBenefit of the Person and Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and . Means as. the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, may. be raped, levied, and distrained for.

Satisfaction XXIII. be it further enacted, That in all Cases where an-AHot* Tenaivts^V° m^nt ot;. Allotments of any, Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds tha^nor agree shall be made for or in respect of the Rights of Common belonging to to take the Al- any Messuages, Lands, or 'tenements, within the said, Manors or Town-Common°et ships, which are held by apy Tenants or Occupiers for a Term of Years out in respect by virtue of any Lease, or Agreement at rack o,r expended Rent, heretofore tivcFumt^' made thereof, apd such Tenants or Occupiprs do not or shall not come to an Agreement with the Person or Persons to whpm such Allotments shall be made, for the Use, and Occupation thereof, futjh Tenams or Occupiers shall n,pt be entitled to enter upon, occupy, ox hold the said Allotment or Allotments, blit shall nevettheless have and receive from the respective Owners and Propietors thprepf such an Abatement from the Yearly Rent or Rents reserved and made payable in apd by such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements for the Remainder of the Term or Terms then to come therein, as the said Commissioner shall adjudge to be a reasonable Compensation to such Tenants or Occupiers for the Right of Common which hath been accustomed to be used and exercised by such Tenants or Occupiers, and which shall be extinguished by this Act.

Money ad-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or vancedbyPro- persons interested in the Lands and Ground? hereby directed to be di-

pnetors 10 be . , , p t\ r

repaid with vjded, allQttedv and in^Iofed, or any Qtner rerlon qt Persons on his, interest. her, or their Behalf, shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of the Fees of other Expenses of obtaining and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said Commissioner, together with lawful Interest for the same.

For defraying XXV; Apd be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences, of ipqlofing the Allotments hereby directed to be made to the SPoiS1 Surveyors of the Highways within the said Manors or Towpships, and all th'd AcCUti"g Costs, Charges, and ijxjjences, incident to and attending the obtaining of ‘ ls r' this Act, and.ofsurveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands,.Grounds, and Hereditaments, to be divided and allotted by virtue of this or the said recited Act, and of preparing ami enrolling the Award of the said Commissioner, and of the Copy or Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioner, his Assistants and Servants, and all ottyer necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioner In and about the Premises either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioner, and all other Expences Of carrying this Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Manors or Townships, for and in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them as aforesaid), which said Costs, Charges, and,

Expences,

11 $9'

44° GEORGII III} Cap. ip.

Expences, together with the; Proportions thereof, to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be settled \ and adjustedby the said Commissioner, and shall be paid at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall appoint; and the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and’ required, to make a Rate or Assessment thereof accordingly, under his Hand; and the fame Rate or Assessment so made and signed shall be binding and conclusive oh all Persons thereby charged and made liable, and their several and respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, within such Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner shall appoint, then and in such Case the said Commissioner shall cause the same to be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further ensded. That all Costs,

Charges, and Expences, attending the making and completing of any Ex- and parfidons, chanties and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons how to be making such Exchanges and Partitions in such Manner, and in such Pro- ma e' portions as the said Commissioner shall by his said Award, or other separate

Deed or rhstrument, order and direct.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioner, if he shall judge it right or expedient, and in case he shall fv0m aVi-be rtq.iefted so to do by any Tenant for Life, or in Tail, or other Person menu to Te-being in P fleflion of but not having the absolute Estate or Interest in any ^fe’

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Manors pencei.

or Townships, or either of them, such Ktquest being in Writing under the Hand or Hands of such Person or Persons, to dedud from the respective Allotment or Allotments to be nude to such Person or Persons in respect of such Messuagts, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so muck as (liali in the Judgement of the Lid Commissioner be equal in Value to the respective Proportions of the Expences of obtaining and putting in Execution this Act which such Person or Persons ought to be charged with, and to the Expences of fencing, ditching, inclosing;, and putting in a proper State for letting, the Allotment and Allotments to such Person or Persons; and the said Commissioner shall assign, allot, and award the'

Land so to be deduded, to such Person or Persons as he shall think proper, upon Payment of the Value thereof by such Person or Persons to the said Commissioner, who shall apply the fame in or to the Payment of ltich Expences, and in fencing, ditching, inclosing, and putting in a proper State for letting, the said Allotment and Allotments respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Exchanges Commissioner to set our, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or He- may feditamencs whatfnever, within the said Manors or Townships, in lieu of

sind in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments what-Levtr, within the said Manors or Townships, or within any adjoining Manor, Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioner, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners,

which

i i6o

Commissioner

to lay his Accounts before Two Juflicts once in tveiy Year.

Proprietors and Agents to pay their own Expences.

Wills and Settlements not to be affected.

44° GEORGII lit. Cap. 72.

Propwetor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, wheher such Owner or Owners, Pmprieror or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years derer-minable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, for charitable or other Ule-, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies, of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be telbfied in Writing, under the Common S al of the Body Politi.k, Coporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the ether consenting Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchange- so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Te-nemenis, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged shall lie and bo fuuate.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof), the said Commission tr shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of ali Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expencesin the Execution of this Act* and such Statement or Account when so made together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by him laid before any Two or more of His Majesty’sjustices of the Peace for the West Riding of the said County of York, to be by them examined and balan ed , and such Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Proprietors, their Solicitors and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they, or any of them, shall attend the said Commissioner or Surveyor at any of the Attendances or Sittings to be holden in pursuantc of this Act.

XXXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Per fail or Persons having any Righc or Claim of Dowrr, Jointure, Poition, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Build, ings. Lands, ot Grounds to be divided, allotted, in lofrd, or exchanged as aforesaid, or any Parc or Parts thereof respectively, but that the Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be allotted or ffiven iq Exchange by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to and chargeable with.

11 6k

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

and the Person or Persons, to whom the same shall be so allotted or given m Exchange, shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and none other, as the Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, whereof such Person was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That within Six Calendar Months Award, after the said Commissioner shall have made and executed his Award, the

lame shall be enrolled in the Register Office for the West Rid ng of the said County of York, and an attested Copy of such Part or Parts of the said Award as shall relate to any Allotments or Exchanges to be made in respect of, or relating to any Messuages, Tofts, Lands, or Hereditaments, held of the Lord of the said Manor of Woodhouse, otherwise New-land cum-fVoodhouse Moor, by Copy of Court Roll, or by Custom of the said Manor, shall be deposited with the Steward of the Courts of the said Manor, and be kept amongst the Court Rolls and Records thereof; and that a Copy of such Inrolment, or any Part thereof, signed by the said Register or his Deputy (for which no more than Sixpence for each Sheet of Seventy-two Words to a Sheet shall be charged or paid) and also the said original Award, and the attested Copy of a Part or Parts thereof so directed to be deposited as aforesaid, shall be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts, and upon all Occasions whatsoever , and that after the same shall be enrolled, and an attested Copy of such Part or Parts thereof, as before directed, shall be made as aforesaid, the said Award shall be deposited and kept in the Parish Church of Normanlon aforesaid, or in such other Place as the said Commissioner shall appoint, for the Use and Benefit of all Panics imerested in the said Division and Inclosure.

XXXIII. And be it further enactrd. That if any Person or Persons Pere^"ds^,* shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by anything done or fppeaito'the to be done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, then and in every Quarter such Case (except as to such Claims, Matters, and Things, as are here- s'lll0‘15-in-before directed or authorized to be tried, settled, or determined, by the Verdict of a Jury, or where any of the Clauses or Provisions of the said recited Act of of this Act shall express that the same shall be final and conclusive) he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sef. fions of the Peace to be holden in and for the West Riding of the said County of York, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner, and to the Party or Parties concerned or interested. Ten Days Notice in Writing of such intended Appeal, and of the Matter and Caule and causes thereof j and the Justices (not being interested in the Prerailes), in their said General Quarter Sclfions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall Item reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (ifany), to the [Lcr. Sa* Per.J 13 P Owner

1162

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 72.

Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes upon all Parties concerned and interested, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without sufficient Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

Preftrwtion

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in thJ'lo'rds 01° fh's Act contained shall be construed to alter, defeat, or impeach the Right the Manors, or Title of the said Duke of Leeds, his Heirs or Assigns, to the Mines and Minerals lying under the said Common or Waste Ground called Nor-

manlon Common, or under any other the Waste Grounds within the said Mano- of Normanton, or the Right or Title of the said Sir Edward Smith, his Heirs or Assigns, to the Mines and Minerals lying under the said Common or Waste Ground called Woodhouse Moor, or under any other the Waste Grounds within the said Manor of Nezvlend, otherwise Newland-cum-Woodhouse Moor-, but that the said Duke of Leeds, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Sir Edward Smith, his Heirs and Assigns respectively, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy all Mines, Veins, Beds, or Seams of Coal, and other Mines and Minerals of what Nature or Kind soever, within or under the said Commons and Waste Grounds called Normanton Common and Woodhouse Moor, and other the Waste Grounds within the said several Manors respectively, with all convenient and necessary Ways, Wayleaves, Roads, and Passages, and Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, over, and along the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, and of searching for, winning, and working the said Coal Mines and other Mines, and of loading and carrying away the Coals and Minerals so to be won and gotten; and of making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms, and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, Ways, and Watercourses, and of erecting and using Fire Engines and other Engines and of altering, changing, pulling down, and carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof; and to have and life any Stone got in the Course of sinking Pits or Shafts, or otherwise in working or getting the said Coal Mines so reserved as aforesaid, at his and their own free Will and Pleasure respectively, and to do all such other Acts and Things, either now in Use or hereafter to be invented, as may be necessary and convenient for the full and complete Enjoyment thereof, in as ample and beneficial a Manner as he or they respectively could or might have done in case this Act had not been made, they the said Duke of Leeds and Sir Edward Smith, and their several Heirs and Assigns, making, allowing, and paying to the Owners and Occupiers of the Allotments, Lands, or Grounds, whereon or wherein such Mines or Minerals shall be searched for, won, gotten, or taken away, full Satisfaction and Recompence for the Damages which may be done, occasioned, or sustained in the Premises, by reason of such searching for, winning, getting, ot taking away, or of erecting, continuing, or irmoving any Engines, Buildings, or Materials, or of laying Coals or Rubbish, or of making or using any Waggon Ways, Roads, or Passages, or by Reason

44° GEORGII IK. Cap. 72. 1163

of any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, relative to the searching for, winning, or taking away such Mines or Minerals; such Satisfeftion and Recompence to he in proportion to the Loss and Damage fudained by such Owners and Occupiers respectively, according to their several and respective Rights and Inrerefts in such Allotments, Lands, or Grounds respectively: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Proprietors or Owners Proprietors to of the Allotments of the Paid Commons and Waste Grounds, to get Stone, fne\heirAllot-Slate, and Gravel, therein respectively, and to dispose of the same as he, (he, ment, or they shall think proper.

XXXV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, SlvinS-Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs,

Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Intereds as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectirely claiming under them, or in Reversion or Remainder after them), all such Right, Edate, Title, and Intered, as they, every, or any of them, could, or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed publick Act, by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed given in Evidence, without being pleaded, in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

1 > i ,i

H t p ;J . . V

vi i-.'

*J >J-v ?» I vJ.

' # > ' 5 I

:»«5 t* ''f'XM . it".': ..

* U -.1 t "i.; ,; . I

, .: . . i ’ '/: . m I

V

t4i

'"M

GEORGII III. REGIS.

tM

Cap. 73.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, Three Commons, Moors, or Whites; the one of the said Commons, called T/.omeyburn Cmmon, containing by Eilimation Two thousand Acres or thereabouts; another of the said Commons, called Greyjlead Common, otherwise "The Ealt Common, otherwise Stokoe Fed, containing by Estimation Five hundred Acres or thereabouts; and the other of the said Commons, called Stannersburn Common, containing by Estimation Five hundred Acres or thereabouts \ and there are also within the same Parish, certain Common Fields, called Stannersburn Common Fields, containing by Estimation Forty Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Commissioners and Governors of the R. yal Ho![ ital for Seamen at Greeavitcb, in the County of Kent, are Lords of the Barony or Manor of lVark, and as such are or claim to be feiled < f or entitled to the Soil and Inheritance, and the Mines, Minerals, (Quarries, and Royalties, of, within, and under the said Three Commons, [Ltc. id Per.] 13 Moors,

1

1

1166

Commissioners Names.

The Provi-fiuns of the General Act to extern] to this Act.

For ch oo Ting new Com-uiiiiioners.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Moors, or Wades, as Part and Parcel of their said Barony or Manor of Work: And whereas George Holme Sumner Esquire, George Gibjon Esquire, and several other Persons, are seised and possessed of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Barony or Manor and Parish, and in respect thereof, or as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging thereto, they or their Ldlces, Farmers, or Tenancs, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, some or one of them: And whereas the Lid Commons, Moors, or Wastes, in their present State are of little Uie or Advantage, but considerable Parts thereof are capable of Cultivation and Improvement, and the several Persons entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid are willing and defsrous that the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, with the Consent of the said Lords of the said Barony or Manor, should be divided and allotted by Commissioners in that Behalf to be appointed among!!: the said Commissioners and Governors and the several Persons entitled to Right of Common thereon or otherwise interested therein, respectively; and the Property in the said Stanncrsburn Common Fields lying dispersed in small Parcels and inconveniently situated, the several Persons interested therein are willing and desirous that the fame should also be divided and allotted by the said Commissioners* amongst the several Persons interested therein , which tespective Divisions will be advantageous to all the Parties interested therein respectively, and tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates; but the fame cannot be erFcftrd without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Ki g’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent cf (he Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliiment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Jdkn Fryer, of the Town and County of Newcajl le-upon-Tyr.e, Gentleman, and William Bates, of Clarcwood in the County of Northumberland, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for fating out, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, and Common Fields, and for putting this Act in Execution, in such Manner and subject to such Regulations as are herein-after contained; and with tuch of the Pow; rs, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Directions, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained in an Act, passed in the Forry-first Year of the Reign of His 'prrlenc Majesty, intituled, An A hi for conf*. lidding in one Act certain Provisions usually tnferted in Acts of Iulefure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the feViral Bafts usualy required on the pr.flag of such Acts, as arc not controuled by or repugnant tu any of the Ctaules, Provisions, or Regulations, contained in this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either of the Commissioners hereby appointed shall die, or shall neglect to act for the Space of One Calendar Month wh-n Occ.ifion shall requi e his Aitendar.ee, on the Bulintls.hereby committed to his Charge, or shall refuse to act, or be rtmirred incapable of acting by Sickness or any other Cause whatsoever, befre the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in them shall be carried into Execution, a rew Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may be appointed anti nominated in the Place or Places of him or them so dying, neglecting, or refusing to act, or rendered incapable as alore-Lid, in Manner following, that is to L), in case the said John Fryer il all

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

die, neglect, or refuse, or b c 'lie incipab'e to ad ,?s af iresaid, the Ptid Commissioners and Govern n> of the said Royal Holpi:al, their Successors or Assigns, or their S ewards or Steward, Receivers or Receiver, or Aaents or Agent for the Time being, shall and nvy, b. any I stru nene in Writing undtr their Common Seal, or under the H.in Is or Hand of such Stewards or Steward, Receivers or Receiver, or Agrnts or Agent, nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being beneficially interested in the said Division and Inci.dure, or an Agrrt to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Perf in lb intcrefte,) to be a Commissi mcr in the room of the said 'john Fryer, and in case the said Willi a n Bates shall die, negl-d, or telufe or b-come inc'pable to ait as afortfnd, the major Part in Vaiue of the Proprietors and Owner, of Messuages, Lands, Ten’ ments, and Hereditimenii, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, and interested in the said Common Fields hereby intended to be did led, or their resp-dive Agents, present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (of which Meeting Notice (bail He given by any Two or more of such Proprietors and Orvneis, or their respective Agents, or by the other Commissioner for putting this Act in Execution, by affixing the fame on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Simon-liirn aforesaid, and also causing the Eme to be inserted in the Newcajlte upon-Tyne Coarant Newspaper, or if that N wfpaper shall not then be publ fb d, then in some other Newffaper usually ciiculared in the County of North mberUnd Ten Days at lead before such Meeting) dial) and may, by any I llrument in Writirg under their Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being beneficially interested in the fud Division and Inclosure, or an Agent to, or Father, Son, or Brother of any Person so interested) to be a Commissioner in the room of tire said Will a n Bates; and in case of the Death of any Person lo to be hereafter null inated and appointed a Comm.fliontr as aforesaid, or of his Negl ct or R f fal to ad, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, the Person or P. riorn. Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate r fprdively, by whom such Commissioner was nominated and appointed (their respective Heirs, Successors, Agents, or Assigns) ih 11 in like Manner nominate and appoint another Commissioner in his room, and so toiies quoties so of en as any Vacancy shall happen by fitch Death,- Neglect, Rciufal, or Incapacity, of every such new Commrfli ,ocr or Comm Ifioners l'o to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid and every Person who shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall have futh and the like Powers aid Authorises fur putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been nominated and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act; which said several luftru-ments of Nomination and Appointment shall be inrullrd in the fame Plate, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as in and by the said Act and this Act is directed concerning the General Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

HI. And, for the more eflvdually obviating and preventing any Inconvenience or Delay which might otherwise happen or be occasioned in the Proceedings of t e said Conimtlfioners by reason of any Difference in Opinion between thrtn, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in the Fxecmion of the Powers ol this Act, or any Point or Points, Question or Questions, ari ,ng out of or relating the ieto; be it further cn ded, That if any Difference in Opinion shah happen to ajil'e between the Cucn-

missioners

I 167

How Differences between the Commi (hollers are to be foitltd.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

missioners for the Time being, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or any Poinc or Points, Question or Question?, arising out of or relating thereto, then and as often as the Case shall so happen, all and every such Matters or Things, or Points or Questions respectively, upon which there shall be any such Difference in Opinion between the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be referred by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to some dif-interested and fleilful Person (whom it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to nominate and appoint by Writing under their Hands for that Purpose, from Time to Time and as often as they shall think necessary) to determine all and every such Matters or Things, and Points or Questions respectively as aforesaid; and the Determination of every such Person so to be appointed, to be expressed in Writing under his Hand, shall be, and shall be taken and deemed by the said Commissioners as conclusive and binding upon them, as to all and every the Matters or Things, or Points or Qteftions, lo respectively relerrtd to his Determination as aforesaid, to the Intent that the said Cum missioners may be thereby enabled to proceed in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and to make their General Award as herein-after directed, notwithstanding any such Difference in Opinion between them as aforesaid; and every such Person so to be appointed for the Purpose aforesaid, shall take and subscribe futh or a similar Oath (to be administered by the said Commissioners or One of them) as by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present R'eign is directed to be taken by Commissioner?, and shall have 3nd is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities as by the said Act and this present Act are given to the Commissioners hereby appointed, but so-nevertheless as that any such Perf >n shall not be empowered to act for any other Purpose than the determining of such Matters as may be so referred to him as aforesaid; and every such Person shall be paid such Sum and Sums of Money as a Compensation for his Trouble in determining the Matttrs so to be referred to him as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable j and which Sums of Money the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to pay out of the Monies herein-after directed to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That true and exact Surveys and Ad-measurements shall be taken, and fair Plans made of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, so intended to be divided and allotted, and also of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which Right of Common is claimed thereon, and of" the find Common Fields, some Time before the Fiilt Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, or as soon after as conveniently may be, by Joseph Harrison Fryer, of the Town and County of Newcastle.upcn-’Tyre, and William Bates the Youngtr, of Chcllerton in the said County of Northumberland, Land Surveyors; or in cale of the Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity by Sickness, or any other Cau'e whatsoever, of either of them the said J»Jepb Ilarrifsn Fryer and William Bates the Younger, for the Space of One Calendar Month when Orcasion shall require his Attendance on the Business of takirg and making such Surveys or Admea-ftH-ements and Plan?, then the same shall be made and taken by the other of them; and in cale of the Death, Neglect, Keftifal, or Incapacity as aforesaid, of both of them the said Joseph Harrifcn Fryer and William .; ‘ Bates.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. U69

Bates the Younger, for the Space of One Calendar Morith when Occafioti fhr.lf reiqdire their Attendance on the Business of taking and making such Surveys^dr Af'measurements and Plans, then by such other fit and proper Person,'bring an expciimced Surveyor of Land.(not beneficially interested in the said Div.fion, nor an Agent to any Person so interested) as the Commissionets for the Time being shall, by Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time, nominate and appoint.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Per- Surveyors to fans shall be capable of acting as Surveyors or Surveyor as aforesaid, until take an Oath* he shall have taken and subscribed before the said Commissioners, or One of them, an Oath in the Form following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, act Surveyor’s ‘ according to the belt of my Skill and Judgement, in surveying and °ath'

admeasuring all the Commons, Moors, or Wastes, and Common Fields,

intended to be divided and inclosed, by virtue of an Act, passed in the ‘ Forty-fourih Year of the R.eign of His Majesty King George the Third,

‘ intituled. [here Je t forth the Title of this AhT\, and in making true Maps

or Plans thereof, to be laid before the Commissioners for putting the

‘ said Act into Execution. ‘So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or One of them, are and is hereby How to bead-authorized and required to administer, when and as often as Occasion shall ‘"""ft'"11* require, which Oath, and also the Instrument or Instruments of Appointment of any new Surveyor, shall be respefhvely inrolled in the fame Plare, and Evidence thereof given in the same Manner, as by the said Act- and this Act is deeded concerning the General Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further encted. That the Surveys or Admeasurements, charge to be including all necessary Relui veys, and all Plans (except the fair Plans pl<^ur' upon Vellum herein-ascer particularly mentioned) shall be paid f.,r at and Ve*°

after the llate of Sixpence fer Acre for each and every A re of the Land wht h shall be surveyed, admeasured, and planned, in pursuance of this Act; and the said Surveyors shall at all Times bear and pav their own Expences; and in rale of the Death of any such Surveyor, b;fore such Suivcys, Admra'urements, and Plans as aforesaid shall be finished, then and in every such Case the Executors or Administrators of every such Surveyor so diing, shall be paid after the Rate of Three-pence per Acre, far each and every Acre which shall have been so surveyed and admcaiured in his Lifetime.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyors or Surveyor Surveyors to shall, alter the said Division and Allotment of the Lands and Grounds pi*,poB intended to be lieteby divided and inclosed, shall be completed, make fair Vel um of Plans upon Vellum of all the said Lands and Grounds intended to be

hereby divided and allotted, whereon respectively shall be truly and discharge for tinftly delineated, set down, marked, and expnfitd, the several Matters fame* and Things necessary or proper to be inferred therein, for the better explaining the Award of the said Commissioners, and for which fair Plans upon Vellum the Sum ot Twenty-one Pounds shall be paid.

13 P

vm. And

ii7o 4+* GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Encroach-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That al! Inclosures and Encfoachments thoiefmade'Pt w’h'ch have been taken from the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes (five Yea* h'trtyo an^ ex< ePr f°ch as have ^ern P^ceably and quietly enjoyed for die Space dce^iVo Part of Thirty Years last pall, or upwards, without atiy Interruption, or Pap-of the Lands ment of any Acknowledgment, and lave and except such Hou fes, Cot-to be divided. ta,.cs> Mills, Engines, and other Erections and Buildings, as have herrtp-fore been erected and built upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, by the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Lords for the Time being of the said Barony or Manor of Work, or their L-flees or A Tigris) shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, so to be divided , and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise, touching any such Inclosures or Encroai hments bei ig deemed Part or Parcel of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, <u;h Differences or Disputes shall be examined into and determined by the said Commissioners.

Conmifiioit-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Noticeo*their are hereby required to causea Notice in Writing under their Hands, First, second, to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Simonlu- H MeeHn'i*1 aforesaid, and also to be inserted in the Newoft'e-uyn-Tyne Coumnt IVtwf-which are to paper, of the Time and Place of their Ft' ft, Second, and Third Matings jf/fi0llenat respectively (which shall be bolden at Bellingham, with n ihc Barons or "g Manor of Wark aforesaid) for putting this Act in Execution, at le-ft Ten Days next before such respective Meeting*, and that the said C'miniif-*ndof their sioners shall and may, after their laid Third Meeting, from Time to Time Mee'urg^ appoint such Time and Place for every such lbbfcquent Meeting as they shall think proper, eaufing a Notice in Writing under their Hare s to be affixed upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Sim»burn aforesaid Eight Days at least before every such susbequent Mectng; bur the Power to ad- said Commissioners at the First:, Second, or Third Meeting, or any other journ fuefi subsequent Meeting or Meetings, shall have full Power and Authuriy

eatings. fyom yj^e to Time as they shall think it convenient, to continue such

First, Second, or f’hird Meeting, or any other subsequent Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment, for the due Execution of this Act, without giving any Notice whatsoever of such Meeting or Meetings by Adjournment otherwise than by leaving, at the Time and Place where such Meeting or Meetings shall be held, Notice under the.r Hands when and where such adjourned Meetings are to be held from Time to Time.

If only One X. Provided always, That if it shall happen that no more than One of Commission- the said Commissioners shall attend at any Meeting or Meetings as afore-mw^ourn, fa'd to he holden pursuant to this Act, such Comrr.issioner may, and he giving Eight hath hereby full Power and Authority to adjourn such Meeting or Mert-h«father *ncs rt fjpefpvely, to such Time not exceeding Eight Days, as he shall see eoramission- moll convenient, giving due Notice thereof in Writing to the other of the er- said Commissioners.

Commission-

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference mVe°Differ* happen to arise between the Parties that now are or shall, before the

cncet. ' r" mailing the Award herein-after mentioned, be interested in the said intended Division and inclosure, or any of them, touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions which they or any of them shall claim

1171

44' GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

4a <he said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and in-- closed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the respective S iarcs and Proportions which they or any of them ought to have of or in the said intended Dvision and Liclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commiili mers, and they are hereby authorized and requited to hear and determine the lame.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or ^werto trT P Tons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, making any Claim or ciaHn »t Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or aff-sted Law. by this Act, or any Rights or Intercfls there n, or objecting to any such Claim or Claim*. shall be difiarisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, and fh 4! be desirous of having such Claim or Claims,

R ghts and Interests respectively, tried at Law, and the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, so deflrous to have the fame tried at Law, shall and do, by themselves or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Atrornies, or Agents, give or cause to be given Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners or either of them, within Two Calendar Monihs next after such Determination shall have been so made by the said Commissioners (of which Notice the said Commissioners are hereby re-‘ quired immediately, on Receipt thereof, or as soon afterwards as conveniently may be done, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornie«, or Agents, by Writing under their respective Hands, to be delivered to or left at the ufu..l Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Ac-tormes, or A* nts as aforesaid) then, but not afterward', it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, their rrfpefbve Heirs, Successors, or Affions, and he, she, or they, is and are hertby required to proceed to a Tri..l or Trials at Law of the fame, at the Assizes to be holden for the County of Northumberland, in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose, r> be commenced in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas at by the Person or Persons, Body or B idles Po-

litick or Corporate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, against the Lotds of the said Baiony or Manor of Wark, or any Pc.fm or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, interfiled in the said Division, who shall make such Obj^ftion or Oojediions within Two Calendar M mths next after such Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and determined (such Issue or lflues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action shall he brought, if the Pariies shall differ about the fame); and the Verdtdl or Verdtfts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions, lfi.dl be final and conclusive to ail Bodies Politick and Corporate, and all Persons whonisoever , and after any Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained and not fee a fide by the Court, the said Comm ffioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to conform thereto:

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act, shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause ffiewn.-to put off the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial

therein

117.2 44° GEORG I! III. Cap. 74.

therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded; but if no such Atbon or Actions at Law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, givin« such Notice within the Time aforesaid, or if such Action or Actions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials at the First Assizes which shall be holden for the said County of Northumberland, after the Expiration of Twenty Cays from the Djy of giving such Notice, by or on Account of the Neglect or Default of the Plain iff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in such Case the Determination of the Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive, unto and upon all Parties whomsoever.

Actions not

to abate by ti>e Death of a Party.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the Parres in any Action or Actions to be brought and prosecuted in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action or Actions shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

ersTaini"

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com-tofts.a S missioners shall and they are hereby empowered, at their D faction, upon Request made to them by all or any of the Parties in whose Favour they shall make their Award or Awards, to order and adjudge such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, for che Use and Benefit of such Parti or Parties, upon or against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, whole Claim or Chinns, Objection or Qi j chins. Complaint or Complaints, shall be thereby disallowed, as the CTe shall happen, and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of che fid Commissioners, to levy such Costs and Charges by Dillrels and S le of the Goods and Chattels of such last mentioned Person or Persons, together with the Charges of such Difliefs and Stic , and in case there shall be no Goods and Chattels whereby to levy the same, or in case a Body Corporate is to pay such Cods, then and in either of lUch Cases it (h ill be lawful for the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Colts shall be awarded, to recover the fame by Action or Actions of Debt or on the Cafe, in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum specified in the Order of Adjudication made by the said Commissioners, and in consequence of such Order of Adjudication, without setting forth any other of the Proceedings therein had.

PuWickQuar-

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and out'ami6how they are hereby required to set out, appoint, and allot, such and so many to be enjoyed. Freeftone Quarries, Limefiione Quarries, and Slate Quarries, in each of the said Commons, Moors, or Waites, as they shall think necessary, for the Use and Benefit of the Bid Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Lords of the said Barony or Manor, their Successors, Tenants, Lessees, and Assigns, and also for the Use and Benefit of the Proprietors and Occupiers of the several Allotments which shall be made of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes respectively, in pursuance of this Act, and also of all the Proprietors and Occupiers of ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which any such Allotment shall be made, to be used in or upon such Allotments or ancient Messuages, Lantjs, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, but not for Sale, or upon

"73

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Upon any other Buildings or Lands, or for any other Ufc or PuFpose; and the Ltd Commissioners shall, in and by their Lid General Award, order and direct how and in what Manner the same shall respectively be worked for the general Advantage of the respective Persons inurested therein.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Parts of each assign, set out, and appoint, such Part or Parts, Parcel or Parcels, of each £e ftoutfor of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, as is or are conveniently fuuate, peatMofa. and fit and proper for the digging, cutting, and curing of Feats, for the

Ufc and Benefit of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, Lords of the said Barony Or Mano-, their SucceL fors. Tenants, Lessees, and Assigns, as also for the Use and Benefit of the Proprietors and Occupiers for the Time being of Messuages or other Buildings, in respect whereof any Allotments of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes respectively, shall be made in purl'uance of this Act, or which shall be erected and built upon any such Allotment or Allotments, to be used in all Times thereafter as Peat Modes by the said Commissioners and Governors, and the said other Proprietors for the Time being, and their fever,ai Tenants and Lessees, all which Peats shall be used for Fuel in and upon the Messuages or other Buildings to be erected upon the said respective Allotments, or in or upon the several Messuages or other Buildings in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, but not for Sale, or any other Purpose whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Commission-the said Commissioners in their said Award, if they shall think it pioper

so to do, to restrict the Use and Enjoyment of any particular Quarry or ofanyparti-Quarries, or Peat Moss or Peat Moflcs, so by them to be set out and ap- c!>!t Quay-pointed respectively as aforesaid, to any particular P.oprietor or Class ue>’ of Proprietors, in Exdufion of the others or other of them, provided other Quarry or Quarries, or Peat Moss or Peat Mosses, are by them the said Commissioners set out and appointed for the exclusive Use and Enjoyment of those so excluded.

XVIII. And, for the preventing all Disputes and Differences which CommifTnn-may arise touching the Repairs of the publick Highways and Roads which e,s de <:r* shall be set out and appointed In pursuance of this Act, or of the Lid Act Ttwnihipf of the Forty-first Year aforesaid; be it further enacted, That liie said Koa.n mall Commissioners shall, and they,are hereby authorized and requited to dc- beio"t-termine and adjudge what Part or Parts of the said Highways and Roads so to be set out and appointed shall or do belong to any Townships or Quarters respectively; and the said Commissioners shall, in and by their General Award, order and direct by what Townships or Quarters respectively such Highways and Roads shall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair; and the Owners or Occupiers for the Time being in each of such Townships or Quarters respectively shall, from and after the Exectir tion of the General Award of the said Commissioners, maintain, amend, find keep such respective publick Highways and Hoads in Repair, as shall be so determined and adjudged to belong to such Townships or Quarters respectively, inihelame Manner as ancient and common publick Highways and Roads are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

[I*, y Per.] ’ 13 S XIX. And

w

H74 44-® GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

XIX. And \yhereas the said C >.ti mi Ulmers and Governors of the said Royal Hospital are Patrons of the Red>ry and Parish Church of Simon-bitrri aforesaid, and the Reverend James Scott, Doctor in Divinity, is the present Rector and Incumbent of the said Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn, arid in Right thereof is entitled to all and all Manner of Tythes, as well Great as Small, yearly arising, growing, renewing; or increasing, within and throughout the Whole of the Red ary and Parish of Simonburn aforesaid, or to certain Modules or prrfcripi’ve Payments in lieu thereof: And whereas by reason of the great Extent of the said Rectory and Parish of Simonburn, ard of the remote Si uation of the said Commons, Moo-s, or Waite', from the Parish Courch and Rectory House of Simonburn aforesaid, it would be of great Advantage to alt the Parties interested in the said DivilTn, and to the said Jams Scott as Rector, and his Successorg, Red rsof the said Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn aforesaid, if a reasonable Share of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Waft-s, was set out and allotted to the said James Scott as' Rector, and his Successors Redors as aforesaid, equivalent to, and in lieu of, and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Tythes of Corn, aid Grain, and Hay, yearly arising, growing, ten-wing, or increasing, or which shall or may arise, grow, renew, or increase, within or from the Whole of the Allotments of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Waites, to which the said James Scott as Rector, and his Successors Redors as aforesaid, is, or are, or would be entitled from the said several Commons, Moor-, or Wastes, or the several Allotments on the Inclosure thereof respectively, by virtue of this Act, and the said CominilTuners and Governor' as Patrons, and the said James Scott, as Rector of the said R dory and Par fh Church of Simonburn aforesaid, and the frveral Partrrs interested in the said Division, have accordingly consented to the fame being carried into S»*oi'etout EHed; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners ad-AllotmentT ing under the Authority of this Act shall and they are hereby required, f"rC°rn h"d *n next P^ace» to fec out» a'lotj and award, in One Plot, of each of the of the c'omt laid Commons, Moors, or Wastes, unto and for the said James Scott, isons, Rector, and his Successors for the Time being, Redors of the said Rec.

tory and Parish Church of Simonburn aforesaid, so much of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equivalent to, and in lieu of, and a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all and all Manner of Tythes of Corn and Grain, and Hay, that might thenceforth arise, increase, and grow due to the said James Scott as Rector, and his Successors for the Time bring, Redors of the said Rectory and Parish Church of Simonburn, out of, from, or in respect of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, or the several Allotments thereof respectively, including the Allotments which shall be sold by the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act.

merits tob 'c further evaded, That the Allotment of each of the

in lieu of said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, which shall be set out to or for the

HayT'uies fa'^ James Scott as Rector, and his Successors Redors as aforesaid, shall es' be in lieu of, and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for all Tythes and Tenths of Corn and Grain, and Hay, arising, growing, renewing, increasing, appertaining, or due or payable, or which shall or miy aiife, grow, renew, increase, appertain, or become due or payable to him or their, from or out of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, or

any

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

fcny of the Allotment' thereof respectively, to be set out by virtue of thll Act; and the fame Tythes and Tenths of Corn and Grain, and Hay, shall, immediately from and after the making and setting out the Allot-Jnen's in iicu and Satisfaction thereof as aforesaid, or at such other Time or Tim s as the said Comm fTioners shall, in and by their General Award, Or any Writing to be signed by them previous to the Execution of their said Award, direct or appninr, ceale, determine, and be for ever extinguished , but all other Tythes, of what Nature or Kind soever, now due or payable, or to become due or payable, to the said James Scotl as Rector, and his Successors Retiors as aforesaid, within or from the said Commons, Mows, or Wades, or any of them, or from the Allotments thereof respecti .'tly, shall at all Times hereafter continue due, and be paid and payable to the said James Scott Rector, and his SuccefTars Rectors as aforesaid, in the same Manner as the same are or would hive been due, and paid and payable, if this Act had not been passed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, betor. 1 be Execution of their General Award, cause thr several Allotments f > to be awarded to the said- James Scott Rector, and his Successors Rectors as atoietaid, as an Equivalent for such Tythes ae are herein-beforfc mentioned, to be inclosed and fenced with good and sufficient Boundary T nces of Stone, the Exprnce whe.eof, as also of carrying this Act into Execution in respectof lUc h Allotments, shall b- paid and defrayed by and O' t of the Monies hereby directed to be raised for carrying this Acc into Execution; and from and after making such Inclosures and fences to the said A.torment*, all such Fence' shall for ever thereafter lie kept in Re-pa r by the foil Rector, and his Successors Rectors as aforesaid, an I the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Allotment or Allbimenfs, or any of them, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Comm.iiidners shall in and by their General Award order, direct, and appoint.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all such last-mentioned several A'l Hments, when and lo Ton as the same shall be assigned, set out, al-1 tied, and appointed as aforesaid, shall be deemed to lie within the said Barony or Manor of lVark} and the fame- shall be divided into fevetal didince Plots or Parcel', in proportion and aciording to the Value of the several Messuages, Linds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in each Township, Quarter, or Place, having Right of Common upon each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes rel|>rctively, and shall be allotted and awarded to lie in such several Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively j and that, from and immediately after the Execution and Inrolment of the General Award of the said Commissioners, (he said several distinct Plots or Parcels <b allotted and awarded, shall be, and the same are hereby declared and en.-cted to be and lie within, and shall be deemed and taken as Paitand Parcel of the several Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively, in which the same shall be so respectivety appointed and awanled to lie as aforesaid, to and for all Intents and Purposes; and the fame Allofy nients shall be subject and entitled to all such Orders, Directions, Charges, Rights, Liberties Privileges, and Exemptions, as the other Allotments to be made in- respect of Common Rights upon.the said Commons, Moore, or Wades, dull or may be held, and be subjected and entitled to respectively, by viituc of this Act.

1175

Tythes riot

comprnUied for to continue.

Rector’s Allotments to be fenced.

Rector’s Allotment to be awa bed

to lie in the Uveral T' wnlhipa or Quarters, in pr< portion to ihe Vail e of tin Efiatea iherc.n haring R gin of Common.

.-An 7

1176

Commissioneri to set out Part of the Com -1710118 to p.ty Expenses.

Lands set apart to be sold to be disposed of by publick Auction.

4-4° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That (after the necessary Roide and Highway?, Quarries, Peat Modes, Watering Places, and Tythe A fitments as aforesaid, shall have been dedude,) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, as soon as conveniently may be, to appropriate, mark, and set out, by proper Stakes or Landmark', so much, and futh Part or Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades respectively, as to them shall fresh competenr, necessary, and (efficient, to be sold as hereinafter mentioned; which Part or Pai ts of each of the said Commons, Moots, or Wades, so to be appropriated, marked, and set out to be sold, Ihdl be inclosed at the Expence of the Purchaser or Purchascig thereof, by a Boundary Fence or Ditch to be made round ihe Outside thereat, according to the Order of the said Commissioners, and shall be diipufed of in such Way and Manner as herein-afeer is directed.

XXIV. And, as to so much and such Part and Parts, of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, as shall be appropriated, marked, and set out, to be sold by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the Directions herein contained; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they,are hereby authorized and required, as soon as may be, after the same shall be appropriated, marked, and set out as aforesaid, and at such convenient Times and Places as to them shall seem meet, to cause all such Part and Parts of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, as shall bt so appropriated, marked, and set out to be sold as aforesaid, to be put up to publick Sale or Auction, in such Lots or Parcels as 10 them shall seem fit and expedient, and the same shall be accordingly fold and disposed of in such Way and Manner, and under and subject to such Directions as are contained in the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign; and upon Payment to the said Commissioners of the Purchase Money for which the same shall be so fold, the said Commissionera shall, in and by their General Award, allot and appoint the Part or Parts of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, which shall be so sold as aforesaid, unto the respective Purchasers thereof, or to such Person or Persons as he, she, or they, shall respectively direct; and all and every such Part and Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, as shall be so fold, allotted, and appointed, as aforesaid, shall, from and immediately after the Execution of the said General Award of the said Commissioners, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be veded in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted and appointed, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, for ever (save and except as to the Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and other Royalties and Rights,of, within, and under, and through, over, and along the fame, which are herein-after expressly . reserved to the Lords of the said Barony or Manor, their Successors and

Assigns) and the same shall be deemed to be and continue within, and to be held of the said Barony or Manor of Wark, and shall be held in tire same Manner, and be subject and entitled to all such Orders, Directiom, Charges, Rights, Liberties, Privileges, and Exemptions, as the other Allotments to be made in respect of Common Rights upon each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, shall and may be held, and belubjcfted and entitled to respectively, by virtue of this Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.ji. 1177

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Commissioner* missioners shall determine and adjudge to what Townships or Quarters re- JowhatTolni. spectively, such Part or Parts of the said several Commons, Moors, or ships the part* Wastes, as shall be so fold, shall belong (having a due Regard to the Pro- £f0t,pe, Jhich portion and Value of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and He- shall be fold reditamenrs, in each Township, Quarter, or Place respectively having Right n,*u Wong, of Common upon each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes); and such Determination and Adjudication shall be final and conclusive to all Intents

and Purposes, and such Part or Parts as shall be so fold, shall be accordingly allotted and awarded to lie in such Townships or Quarters respectively; and that, from and immediately after the Execution of the General Award of the Commissioners, all and every the said Part or Parts of the said several Commons, Moors, or Wastes, which shall be so sold as aforesaid, shall, and the same are hereby declared and enabled to be and lie within, and shall be deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of such several Townships or Quarters respectively as the same shall be so appointed and awarded co lie in as aforesaid, to and for all Intents and Purposes.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall arise M-ney arising by or from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, shall be appropriated and ap- ^"common, plied by the said Commissioners acting under this Act ffo far as the lame to be applied’ will extend) in and towards the Payment of the Charges and Expences in- Exwnces^of cident to and attending, or which may be occasioned by the said intended the Division. Division of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, and of setting out,

making, forming, erecting, cutting, and opening the Highways, Roads,

Bridges, Drains, and Watercourles which the said Commissioners shall direct to be made or set out, or in anywise relating thereto.

XXVII. Provided always, That in all Cases where any of the Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, interested in any Allotment or Allotments of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, shall be minded and desirous of paying their respective Shares of the said Expences in Money, instead of sustaining a Loss of Land in their respective Allotments, and shall and do, at the First or Second Meeting of the said Commissioners for receiving Claims of Right of Common under this Act, give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners of such their Mind and Desire, that then and in evey such Case the Share or respective Shares of the Party or Parties so giving such Notice as aforesaid, of and in all such Expences, shall be paid and defrayed in Money by such Party or Parties respectively, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, order, direct, and appoint; and in all Cases where any such Payment or Payments in Money shall be fa made as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, in fitting out the Allotment or Allotments of the Party or Parties makinu such Payment or Payments, shall have Regard to the Amount of such Payment and Payments respectively, in ascertaining the Share and Proportion of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, so to be set out and allotted co such Party or Part.es respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners shall order, direct, and appoint the Course

[Lee, ft? Per.J 13 T of

Parties interested may pay Money instead of Land being fold.

Commissioners to appoint the Courleof Huf. bandry for the Common Fields.

1178

GrafsLamlnot to be broken up.

Allotment of One-sixteenth of Commons to the Com* nmiioneis and Governors of Greenwich Hospital.

The Lords Sixteenths, to be awarded to lie in ihs several Town* ships or Quarters, in proportion and a*cordirg to

44° GEORGII 111. Cap. 73.

of Husbandry to be used in the Tillage Parts of th' f.id Common Fields, until i'uch Time as they (hill have completed their General Award concerning the said Division, Alloiment, and Inclosure, and shall and may order and direct Inch Sun, and Sums of Money to be paid by any Owner or Own-rs, Occupier or Occupiers, of Lands or Grounds in (he f.iid Common Fields, to any other such Owner or Owners, Oicupirr or Occupiers, as aforesaid, for or in relpcd of the ploughing, lilling, or fotoing such Lands and Grounds, or any Pa t or Paris thereof, as they the said Commissioners shall think reafo iable and appoint; and all and every such Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, is and are hereby respectively declared to be from Time to Time ('object to and bound by luctj Orders and Directions; and in case any such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers respectively, who shall as aforesaid be directed to pay any other of such Owner or Owners, Occppier or Occupiers, any Sum or Sums of Money, by reason or on account of any of the M itt^rs and Things aforesaid, shall neglect or refute to pay, on Dem nd, such Sum or Sums of Money as he, (lie, or they shall hr directed t>. pay as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, then and in every fich Cafe the Lid Com nr Hi mrrs shall and may, by Warrant under their Hinds and Seals to be directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, not being P irty or Parties i 1 such Case, cause such Sum or Sums of Money to be 1, vied by D Ibefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons lo neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, tendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, after the reason. able Charges and Expences attending such Diflrifs and Sale arc fully paid and satisfied.:

.1*. ‘

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the passing of this Act, and until the Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners, no Part or Parts of the Meadow, P dure, or Fresh Ground, Part of the said Common Fields, shall be ploughed, broken up, or converted into Tillage.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in the next place, to let our, allot, and appoint, unto and for the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hof. pital for Seamen at Greemvich, in the County of Kent (as Lords of the Pa. rony or Manor of Wark aforesaid) their Successors and Assigns, One fu 1 Sixteenth Part in Value (Quantity, Quality, and Situation, considered) of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades respectively so to be divided and allotted (after deducting the publick Carriage Roads, Drains, Water* couifes, and Quarries, and the several Allotments herein-before directed to be set out to the said James Scott and his Successors, and to be sold respectively as aforesaid) in lieu of, and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for their Right and Interest to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, so to be divided and allotted, and also for their Content to the said Division and Inclosure thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That such respective One full Sixteenth Part or Share of the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, when and so soon as the same shall be alligned, set cut, allotted, and appoinred as aforesaid, diall be deemed to lie within the said Barony or Manor oflVark, and that such respective One-sixteenth Part or Share shall also be divided

into

4<j.° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. *79

into several distinct Piets or Parcels, in propo tion and according to the the Value of Value of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in each Township, Quarter, or Place respectively, which have Right of Com- have Right of nton upon each of the said Commons, Mcors, or Wastes, and shall be ab Common, lotted and awarded to lie in futh Townlhipv, Quarters, or Places accordingly; and that, from and immediately after the Execution and Inrolment of the General Award of the said Comm flioners, the said lever d diflind Plots or Parcels so allotted and awarded as and constituting the said respective One-ftx.eenth P~rts or Shares, shall be, and the same are hereby declared and enacted to be and lie within and shall be deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of such Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively as the same shall be so appointed and awarded to lie as aforesaid, to and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall A’^tment of and they are hereby rqnired, in the next place, to set our, divide, assign, common*, allot, and appoint, the Rtfiduc of the said Commons, Moors, or Wallcs,

and Common Fields respectively (after the said several Allotments ^011HtiUs. he ein-brfore directed to be made as aforesaid shall have been mi e and set out accordingly), unto and amongst the several Persons,

B >dies Politick or Ccporate respectively, having R'ght of Cummnn upon the said Commons, Moors, or Waites, respectively, and Lands, or nth r Estates or Interests in the said Common Field', m proportion and according to the respective Values of their several IVLffuiges. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they are severally and respectively entitled thereto respectively as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, That all Houses and Buildings, not occupied with some Farm of Land on the Twelfth Day of May, which was ^ieh in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and one, shall be on valued separately from the Lmds, Garths, and Gardens; and ihe Al- t* valued! l° lotments to be made in respect of such Houses or Buildings shall be less teparaiely. by One-third in proportion to the Value of such Houses and Bud lings,

than the Allotments to be made in respect of a iy Lands, Garths, and Gardens; but no separate Valuation shall be made of any Houses or Buildings which were occupied with and were Pait and Parcel of, any Farm of Land, on the said Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one, bur such l ift mentioned Houses and Buildings shall be considered as included in the Valuation of the Lands constituting such Fa>rn to which they respectively belong; and that all Mills (if any) having R ght of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, or any of ihem, hereby intended to be divided, shall be also separately valued, and the Allotments to be made in respect of such Mills, shall also be Ffs by O ie-third in proportion to the Value of such Mills, than the Allotments to be made in respect of Lands or Grounds.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Lid Encroach-Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in all Ca'es where the h rir-farne can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupation fojisin p~ir f-of the adjoining Lands, to assign and alloc unto such Person or Persons, r>'" tli.rcof. Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, entitled to and having Righc of

Common

n8o

Distinct Allotments to be madeforLands holden by different Titles, or for different Estates.

Allotments to be in the fame Townships as the ancient Lands,

Allotments for Property granted by Leases at Rack Rent, to be let out to the Leflore.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Common upon the said Commons, Moors, and Wastes, or any of them, as are in the Possession of any such Encroachment or Encroachments a> is or are herein-before directed to be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Commons* Moors, or Wastes, all and every the Lands and Grounds corn-prized therein, and all Edifices and Buildings erected thereon for or in Parc of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively by virtue of this Act, unless it shall happen that such respective Encroachments shall be greater or more (Quantity and Quality considered) than the Allotment or Allotments would amount unto, which such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, in the Possession of such Encroachment or Encroachments respectively, would be entitled to for and in respect of their ancient Estate, in which Cafe a proportionable Part of such Encroachment or Encroachments shall e deducted from the same respectively; and the said Commissioners are hereby directed and required, in their Valuation of such Encroachments for the Purposes aforesaid, to estimate the fame according to their original Value in their open State, without any Regard to the Improvements made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings which arc erected or builc thereupon.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, shall hold their respective Lands or Hereditaments for different Estates, or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments held for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively, and shall also set out and distinguish the different Allotments or other Hereditaments to be accepted and taken as an Equivalent in respect of each of them; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are htreby authorized and required to set forth and declare, in and by their said General Award, in right of what Estates in particular such Allotments shall have been respectively made, and therein also separately to describe and ascertain the Situation of every such Allotment.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Allotments of each of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, to be af. signed, set out, allotted, and appointed, by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, in respect of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, having Right of Common thereon as aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be Part and Parcel of and within the Township, Quarter, or Place, Townships, Quarters, or Places respectively, wherein the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, do lie or are situate, in respect of which such Allotments shall be respectively made.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Allotments to be set out and made by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Property granted or demised, or held by any Leases or Agreements for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Y. ars at Rack Rent, shall be allotted to the respective Lessors or Owners of such Property, and shall be held and enjoyed by them respectively, free from all Right, Title, and Interest, of their respective Leffces or Tenants, by

n8i

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

virtue of or under such Leases or Agreements; and such respective Lessors or Owners shall make such Abatement of the Rents reftrved or made payable by such Leases or Agreements respectively, for and on Account of their taking such Allotments, as the Laid Commissioners shall adjudge and determine ro be just and reasonable, and shall in and by their General Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, ascertain, direct, and appoint.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons entitled in Fee Simple to any AUotmentor Allotments of any of the said Commons, Moors, or YVaftes or Common Fields, shall, by any Writing under h's, her, or their Pland or Hands to be delivered to the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings previously to their preparing a Draught of their General Award, flgnify and declare that he she, or they hath or have fold and disposed of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, to any Person or Persons to be named and described in such Writing, and shall desire the same to be set out, allotted, and appointed, to the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, the Paid Commissioners in every such Case shall, and they are htreby authorized to set our, allot, and appoint the said Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall have so given Notice of their having fold and disposed thereof, to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Notice to be the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Allotment or Allotments; and the said Allotment or Allotments so fold and disposed of shall in every such Case, from and after the Execution of the said General Award of the said Commissioners, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be vested in and settled upon the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been, by such Notice or Writing as aforesaid, so flgnified and declared to have been so sold as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administratorf, and Assigns, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out, assign, or allot, any of the Lands or Grounds hertby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Messuages, Buildings, inclosed Lands or Grounds or other Hereditaments in the Parish of Simonburn aforesaid, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the same Parish j so that every such Exchange be set forth and ascertained by the General Award of the said Commissioners, and also be made with the Consent of the respective Proprietors or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, seised or entitled in Possession of or to the Hereditaments so to be exchanged, for any Life or Lives, or for some Estate of Inheritance, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies, of any such Proprietors who shall, at the Time of making such Exchanges, be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunaticks, Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves; and so as that every Exchange of any Lands or Hereditaments belonging to the Retftor of the Parish of Simonburn aforesaid, be also made with the Consent of the Patrons thereof, and the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being respectively, such Consents to be respectively flgnified by Writing under the Hands and Seals of the consenting Parties, or under the Seals of such of them as

[Lw. £s* Per.'] 13 U are

Allotments may be allotted to the Purchasers by the General Award.

Exchanges.

2l82

Owners to enjoy Mines, etc, paying Damage for Spoil of Ground.

Notices lo be published in the NcTvcaJlle Courant.

44." GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

are a Corporation Aggregate; and every Exchange so made and declared shall be for ever good, valid, and effectual in Law; and the respective Lands or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall become and be of the fame Tenure, and held undtr the fame Rents and Services, and go and remain, to, for, and upon the fame Ul'es and Trusts, and be subject to the fame Powers, Conditions, Covenants, and Agreements, as the Lands or Hneditaments in respect whereof the same shall be exchanged are or shall be subject or liable to, or would have been subject or liable to in case the Exchange thereof had not been made.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any of the Proprietors of ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall exchange any of their ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, then and in such Case the Proprietors of such ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so exchanged as aforesaid, their re-fprftive Heirs and Assigns, shall, from Time to Time and at all Times for ever thereafter, have, hold, and enjoy, all and all Manner of Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, whatsoever, lying, being, andremaining, withinand under the said ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be given in Exchange, and all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof respectively, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purports, as they and evety of them could or might, or ought to have had, held, or enjoyed, or were entitled to have, hold, or enjoy such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, and Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities aforesaid respectively, in case this Act had not been made, or in case such ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, had not been given in Exchange for such Allotment or Allotments, making reasonable Satisfaction for Damage and Spoil of Ground to be occasioned thereby.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases of such Exchanges of ancient Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for any Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, all and every the Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, lying and being within and under the said Allotment or Allotments so to be given in Exchange, shall remain the Property of, and be held and enjoyed by the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors and Assigns, with all Liberties, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities, for winning, working, leading, and carrying away the fame, and the Produce thereof respectively, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Exchange or Exchanges had not been made.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Notices which, by this Act or the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, are required to be given or published in some publick Newspaper, of setting out publick Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commissioners, and of any other Act, Matter, or Thing, shall be inserted in the Nnucastle-upon-Tyne Ccurant, or if that Newspaper shall not then be

published.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 1183

published, then in Tome other Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Northumberland.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the General Award, to be Award to be made by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions of the said d^Swd^ith Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign, and this Act, shall be the Clerk of enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, the i'4ace-and the said original General Award, and such Plans or Surveys as may be annexed thereto, shall be lodged and deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, to remain with the Records of the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace there, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said Division, which said Award and Plans, and every other Award and Instrument to be lodged with the said Award,

shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times, upon reasonable Notice of the Party requiring such Inspection.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Clerk of the Peace p‘"c0j^|an’ for the said County of Northumberland shall be required to mike and de- red on area-liver a Copy or Copies of any of the Plans annexed to the said General son>bie Sum Award, deposited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, a reasonable Pay- the'clfrk of° ment shall be made to him (over and above the Charge for Stamp Duties, the Peace, and for the Copy or Copies of the said Award and Instruments, or any Parts thereof, for a Copy or Copies of such Plans, or any Part thereof respectively; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between the said Clerk of the Peace and the Person or Persons requesting a Copy or Copies of such Plans, or any Part thereof respectively, touching such Allowance, then and in such Case the same shall be settled and ascertained by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Northumberland, in General Quarter Sessions assembled, or by the major Part of them; and the fame being so settled and ascertained, shall be final and conclusive to the said Parties.

X LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall at Commission-the ktquest, Costs, and Charges, of any Person or Persons, Body or Bo- c^Dup!!!' dies Politick or Corporate, his, her, or their Stewards or Agents, having cates of the any Allotment or Allotments of the said Lands and Grounds hereby in- pe7fJnSre-tended to be divided, or otherwise interested therein, at any Time before quiring the the depositing of the said Award, make and execute a Duplicate or Du- larae’ plicates of the said Award, Plans, and Surveys, or any of them, for the Use of the Person or Persons requesting the fame*, and such Duplicate or Duplicates shall at all Times be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Allotment and Allotments to Allotments of Lands and Grounds which shall be made, set out, or ap- Tenure as^the pointed, in pursuance of this Act, shall be held by the fame Tenure, and ancientLands. shall be subject to the fame Yearly and other Rents and Payments, Reliefs,

Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, and Services, as the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out or allotted, are and have heretofore been holden respectively; and the Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Work, their Successors and Assigns, for the 'ix ’ Time

1184

Act not to atfeit Wills, but Allotments to go to the fame Ufts.

In Cases where Lands Hi all be holdenfby d fferent Titles, &c and the Commissionets shall not have distinguished such Lands, and awarded dif-tinct Allotments for the fame in their General Award, they may on Re-quest do the fame by Deed after the making of the said Award.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

Time being* shall have the fame Powers, Liberties, and Authorities, for recovering and enforcing the fame respectively, as they could or might have had in respect of furh Meffnages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, before the passing of this Act; but the said several and respective Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which the said several Allotments or Parcels of Ground shall be so set out and allotted, and the Allotments made in respect thereof, shall not, nor shall any of them, be subject to any new or increased Yearly or other Rents, Payments, Reliefs, Fines, Dues, Duties, Suits, or Services whatsoever, to the Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Wark, their Successors or Aligns for the Time being.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed or adjudged, to revoke, alter, annul, or make void, any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons whomsoever, having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, or upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Common Rights, or other Hereditaments, in respect whereof any Allotment of any of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes shall be made by virtue of this Act; but that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be assigned or allotted upon the said Division, to the several Proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after the Execution of the General Award of the said Commissioners, be veiled in, and remain, continue, and enure to, and be held and enjoyed by the several Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom the same shall be assigned or allotted respectively, and they shall from thenceforth (land and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Estates, Interests, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and subject and liable to the fame Wills, Limitations, Estates, Conditions, Settlements, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Leases, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, of every Kind, as the several Hereditaments in respect whereof the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be respectively assigned or allotted, would have Hood severally limited or settled to or upon, or have been severally subject and liable to, if such Allotments thereof had not been made, or this Act had not passed, except as to such Leases and Agreements at Rack Rent as shall be determined under this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be divided, allotted, or exchanged, by virtue of this Act, shall hold their respective Lands and Hereditaments for different Estates, or under different Titles, and where, from the Want of the necessary Information before the said Commissioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall have omitted the distinguishing and ascertaining of the Lands or other Hereditaments holden for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively, and the setting out and awarding of several and distinct Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments as herein-before is required; and after the making of the said Award, Requell shall be made to the said Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omiflian supplied by a separate Instrument, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplyirrg such Omission, and, so far as that Purpose shall require, to examine Witnesses.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 73. 1185

Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and aft as if the Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained what they shall think sufficienc Information, are hereby also authorized, by any Deed under their Hands and Seals, to distinguisfi and ascertain the Difference of Tenure, Estates, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allotments, in the same Manner as is hereby required where such Discrimination should be contained in the said Award; and every such separate Instrument shall be inrolled in the same Place, and Evidence thereof shall be given in the same Manner, as by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them respectively, is directed concerning the said General Award of the said Commissioners; and all Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any such separate Instrument as aforesaid, shall be payable by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners to make and execute the fame, or by his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators -, and every such separate Instrument shall, from and immediately after the due Execution thereof by the said Commissioners, have the fame Effrft to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Contents thereof had been inferred and contained in their said General Award; and the same shall (after such Inrolment as aforesaid) be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Request any such Omission shall have been so supplied, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in question, shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, mod properly belong.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said several Allotments to Allotment* to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be inclosed, hedged* ditched; and befenced fenced, by and at the Expence of such respective Proprietors, in such Manner and within such Time, and shall be from thenceforth kept in Repair, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall, in their General Award, order and direct, except only such Allotments, the inclosing and fencing whereof are otherwise particularly directed and provided for by this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Interest in said Common Fields being so divided and allotted, all former Estate, FiewTuid Right, Title, and Inteteft, of the several Owners and Proprietors thereto Allotments and therein, shall cease and be for ever extinguished; and the several Al- ho'derfii lotments thereof shall be holden and enjoyed in Severalty, by the several Severalty. Persons to whom the lame shall be respectively awarded and allotted, by the fame Tenure by which they now hold their respective Estates therein.

LI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this 'Turret or Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons (other than and So 510 ecu" except the Lords of the said Barony or Manor, their Lessees or Assigns, and the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution) to cut, dig, or carry away any Turves or Sods, in, upon, or from any of the said Commons, Moors, or Vv'actes, or any Parc thereof, until the same shall be allotted and set out as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, to the said Commissioners and Governors, Lords of the said Barony or Manor, their Successors or Assigns, such Sum not exceeding Thirty-nine Shillings nor let's than Five Shillings, as shall be assessed in the Nature of an Amerciament, at any Court Leec or Court Baron to be [Loc. & Per.J 13 X holden

Ii86 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

holden for the said Barony or Manor, the same to be affeered by the Af* feerers then and there sworn, and which Amerciament or Amerciaments when so affeered, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by virtue of a Precept to the Bailiff or Bailiffs of the said Barony or Manor, to be directed for that Purpose, by the Steward of the Court of the said Barony or Manor j and the Money arising from all such Amerciaments, shall be paid to the Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

Expences of

LII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Charges and Ex-to\?psid°by pences of soliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of surveying, the Partin, planning, and measuring, dividing, and allotting, the said Commons, to b« fold"is Moors, or Wastes, and Common Fields, and of making Highways or not sufficient. Roads, and of all other the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the Execution of this Act, as are not herein otherwise directed to be paid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed, by the several and respective Persons, Body and Bodies Politick and Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, and Common Fields, shall be respectively made, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (other than and except the respective Purchasers of such Part or Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, as shall be sold by the said Commissioners in pursuance of chis Act, and also other than and except the Rector of the said Parish of Simon-bum for the Time being, as such, and also other than and except the Curate of Falstone for the Time being, as such) in proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments, to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners; and the several and respective Shares and Proportions of all such Fees, Payments, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall be payable and paid by such Owners and Proprietors respectively, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, as shall by the said Commissioners, either before or after the Execution of their General Award as aforesaid, be ordered, directed, and appointed, in Writing under their Hands respectively. Twenty Days before the Time appointed for such Payment.

Commi (Tinners to pay their own Expences.

Commissioner« to account.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and their Successors shall, at all and every of their Attendances or Meetings for putting this Act in Execution, bear and pay their own Expences; and that when and as soon as the said intended Division and other Purposes of this Act shall be finished and completed, and the said Commissioners shall have executed their said General Award, they the said Commissioners respectively shall be paid and allowed each of them the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for each and every Day upon which they respectively shall have attended a Meeting, and traufafted Business, in or for putting this Act in Execution.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby respectively required to keep or cause to be kept a just and true Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which shall be raised or received, and laid out or expended by them, or by their Order or for their Use, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, and of what shall be due or owing to them for their own Trouble or Expences,

and

1137

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpose; and such Accounts shall, at lead Once in every Year from the passing of this Act, till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and settled by Robert Hopper IVtlliamfon, of the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Esquire, (who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose); and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, by such other fit and proper Person as shall be appointed Auditor in his dead by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the Meeting of the said Proprietors, for the Purpose of appointing a Commissioner in the Place of the said William Bates; and such Auditor for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, date in Writing under his Hand the Balance of the said Accounts in such Book as aforesaid; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Auditor; and also that such Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be open to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors or their Agents at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure, and until the said Accounts shall have been finally settled and allowed; and in case the said Commissioners or their Clerk shall refuse or neglect so to do, the Commissioner or Commissioners, or Clerk respectively, so refusing or neglecting, shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay to any Person who shall sue for the same, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons who have Right of Common in or upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, or any other Person or Persons on their Behalf, shall advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expence of applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, all such Persons shall be fully repaid the fame, together with Interest thereon after the Rate of Five Pounds for One Hundred Pounds for a Year, out of the first Money which shall be raised for the Purposes of this Act, such Interest to be computed from the Time or respective Times of advancing or lending the said Sum or Sums of Money, to the Time or respective Times of the Repayment thereof.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things, as are herein-before directed or authotjzed to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined, by the Verdict of a Jury, or where, by any of the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the present Reign or of this Act, the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners are directed to be final or con-dufive) he, she, or they, may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Northumberland, Within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions assembled, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter of every such ‘ - ' ~ Appeal

Money which may be advanced for obtaining and executing this Act, to be repaid in the fit ft place with Interest.

Power to appeal.

n88

Owners of Allotments may get Free* itone, etc.

The Act not to pi ejml ice the Lords of the Manor to the Royalties, etc.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73:

Appeal (provided that Notice in Writing of every such Appeal, expressing the Caule of Complaint shall have been given Fourteen Days at lead before such General Quarter Sessions) unless the said JuRices in their said Srfliom affetnbled shall fee sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeal, in which Cafe they are hereby authorized to adjourn the same to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Northumberland, and then to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Cods, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Damages and Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale-, and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon every, such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be renjoved or re-, movable by Certiorari, or any other Process or Writ whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Owners and Proprietors for the Time being of the several Lands allotted in pursuance of this Act, to win, get, and work therein Freestones, Limeitones, and Slates, as well for the Use of the Grounds so to be allotted to them, as for the Use of the Messuages, Land', Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect of which such Allotments shalltb.e made, but.for no other.Use or Purpose whatsoever; and that it (half and may be lawful for the said respective Owners and Proprietor* of the said several allotted Lands, to dig, get, and cure therein Peats for Fuel, or any other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and further, that ic shall and may be lawful for the said respective Owners and Proprietors of the said several allotted Lands, to dig and get therein Clay for Bricks or for Tiles, or any other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to defeat, lefien, or prejudice, the Right, Tide, and Interest, of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors or Assigns, as Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Wark, of, in, and to all the Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever, lying and being within or under the said Commons, Moors, or Wades, hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and also of , in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Barony or Manor; but that the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, their Successors and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons, claiming by, under, or in Trust for them, as Lords of the said, Barony or Manor, and all succceding Lords of the said Barony or Manor for the Time being, shall and may,* from-Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy, all Quit Rents, Free Rents, and other Rents, Reliefs, Dues, Customs, Suits, and Services, and all Fines, Amerciaments, Courts, Courts Leet and Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron, and all Profits and Perquisites of Courts and Leets, and all Things which to Courts Leet and Views of Frankpledge, and Courts Baron, do belong or appertain, with Free Warren and Liberty of Hawking, Hunting, Fishing, and Fowling, within

1189

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 73.

and throughout the said B irony or Manor, and every Parc thereof, and all Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put in Exigent, Deodands, Treasure Trove, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures,

Elicheats, Fairs, Markets, Tolls, Customs, Stallages, Dues, Rights, Royalties, Immunities, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, Hereditaments, Matters, and Things whatsoever, to the said Barony or Manor, or to the Lords thereof for the Time being, incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except the Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, and such Common Right thereon respectively, as could or might be claimed by them, for which Compensation is herein-before directed to be made) in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or might have held or enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been made; and that the said Commissioners and Governors of Lord, of the the said Royal Hospital, their Successors and Assigns, and all succeeding Manorto^ Lords of the said Barony or Manor of (Park, or their Tenants, Lessees, or uyfwaggon’ Assigns, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter. Ways, etc. have, hold, win, work, and enjoy exclusively, all Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, of what Nature or Kind soever (save and except the said publick Quarries, and such other Freeftone, Limestone, and Slate as aforesaid) within and under the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, hereby directed to be divided, and within and under every Part thereof respectively, and the several Allotments thereof, in pursuance of this Act, together with all convenient and necessary Ways and Wayleaves, and also Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, through, over, and along the fame, or any Part thereof, and also for searching for, winning and working the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, and leading and carrying away the Lead Ore, Lead, Coals, Stones,

Folds, and other Things to be gotten thereout, or out of any other Mines, Minerals, and Quarries or Collieries, belonging to the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, and of making Pits, Shafts, and Sumps, Pit Rooms and Heap Rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Watercourses, and of repairing, amending, and upholding the fame, and of erecting, building, and using Houses, Drawkilns, Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines, and other Engines, Mills, and other Erections and Buildings, and of altering, changing, pulling down, and carrying away the fame, or all or any of the Materials thereof, at their free Will and Pleasure, and to do, execute, and perform, all such other Works, Acts,

Deeds, Matters, and Things, either now in use or hereafter to be invented, as shall or may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete Working, Use, and Enjoyment of such Mines, Minerals, and Quarries, hereby reserved, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might or could have done in case this Act had not been made.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners bemad*'?"* and Governors, their Successors or Assigns. or any Person or Persons Damage done claiming under them, shall, after such Inclosures or Allotments made as aforesaid, learch for, win, or work, any Mine or Mines, Minerals, or *’ ‘ c‘ Quarries, lying and being within or under any of the Allotments or Inclosures to be made as aforesaid, or lead or carry away the Produce of or from any such Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, then and in such Case the said Commissioners and Governors, their Successors or Assigns, or such Person or Persons so claiming under them, shall make a reasonable \Loc. & Per.2 13T—2 Satisfaction

ti9o

Curate of Falstone may lease his Allotments.

Falstone Curate's allotments to be fenced.

For trying the Right to the Soil of the Commons by au I flue at Law.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.fi.

Satisfaction for the Damage and Spoil of Ground occasioned thereby, or by the erecting or building any Houses, Drawkilns. Erections, Buildings, Fire Engines, or other Engines, Mills, or other Erections, or by the altering, changing, repairing, amending, rebuilding, pulling down, or carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of such Ground at the Time or Times of such Damage of Spoil.

LX. And whereas certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, some or one of them, have been purchased by the Aid of Queen Anne’s Bounty for the Augmentation of the Curacy of Falstone, in the Parish of Simonburn aforesaid, and it would tend to the Advantage of the Possessor of such Curacy, by the better enabling him to improve the Allotment or Allotments to be set out in respect of such last mentioned Premises, if he was empowered to grant Leases thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Curate of Falftone for the Time being, to let or demise the respective Allotments, or any Part thereof, by any Deed or Indenture of Lease under his Hand and Seal (with the Consent of the Patrons and Diocesan, to be certified by their being Parties thereto, and executing the fame, but not otherwise) for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years from the Time of executing the said General Award of the Commissioners, so as the bed Rent that can or may be had for the fame, be therein expressly reserved and made payable to the Curate of Falstone and his Successors respectively, during the Terms in such respective Leases; and so as a Clause of Re-entry, in case of Nonpayment of Rent, be therein respectively inferced; and so as the Lessee or Lessees to be named in such Leases respectively do execute Counterparts thereof; and the Lessee or Lessees to be named in such Leases respectively shall, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to hold and enjoy the said Allotments against the Curate of Falstone and his Successors, under the Terms and Conditions to be expressed in such Leases respectively.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, before the Execution of their General Award, cause the Allotment or Allotments to be awarded to the Curate of Falstone, in respect of the Curacy of Falstone, to be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, with good and sufficient Boundary Fences, the Erpence whereof, as also of carrying this Act into Execution in respect of such Allotments, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Monies hereby directed to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution; and from and after making such Inclafures, and Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, to the said Allotment or Allotments, all such Hedges, Ditches, and Fences, shall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair by the said Curate, and his Successors Curates as aforesaid, and the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Allotment or Allotments, or any of them, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their General Award order, direct, and appoint.

LXII. And whereas the Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland claims to be intitled to the Freehold and Inheritance of the several Commons or Wades intended by this ? & to be divided and allotted, which Claim is denied by the said Commissioners and Governors} be it there-

fore

44-# GEORGII Iir. Cap. 73.

fore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Duke of Northumberland, or his Heirs or Assigns, or other Person or Persons entitled to his Estates, to proceed to a Trial at Law for the Purpose of establishing such Claim at the First or Second Assizes to be held for the said County of Northumberland, after the passing of this Act, and for that Purpose to cause an Action at Law to be brought in any one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in or before the Term next preceding the Allizes at which such Action is intended to be tried, upon a feigned Issue against the said Commissioners and Governors, or their Successors, who shall be named Defendants in such Action, and they are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto and file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Right may be properly tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties differ about the fame) and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action shall be final and conclusive, with respect to the Matter in issue, to all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate whomsoever, and that after such Trial the said Commissioners acting under the Authority of this Act shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity to the Verdict or Verdicts thereupon to be given, and allow or disallow the Claim thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial, and the Costs of such Action shall abide the Event of such Trial; and it is hereby declared, that the Costs of such Action shall not in any wise be deemed or considered to be any Part of the Charges and Expences incident to or attending the said intended Division, and provided for by this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Action shall be brought, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to pot off the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of such Action shall be thereby exceeded: Provided always, that if the said Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs or Alligns, or other Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, shall not commence his or their Action, and proceed to such Trial as herein-before mentioned, all such Claim of Right as aforesaid shall from thenceforth be utterly barred and disallowed; or in case the said Commissioners and Governors, or their Successors, against whom such Action shall be brought, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to appear thereto, and to accept such Issue or Issues as aforesaid, in due Time, by reason whereof the said Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs or Alligns, ox other Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, shall be obstructed or prevented from proceeding to such Trial as aforesaid, then the Claim of the said Duke of Northumberland, intended to be tried by such Action, shall be allowed by the said Commissioners in like Manner as if the fame had been established by a Verdict; and then and in such Case, or in case a Verdict De given in favour of the said Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs or Assigns, or Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to make to the said Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs or Assigns, or Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, such Allotment or Allowance, as a Compensation and Satisfaction for their Right and Interest to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, so to be divided and allotted, or such Part thereof as they shall be found to be entitled to as is by this Act directed to be made to the Lords of the Barony or Manor within which the fame lie; and all

the

ii9*

1192

General

Saving.

[Publick Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cty.73.

the Rights, Privileges, Emoluments, and Advantages given and granted, or by this Act exprefiVd to be given or granted, to the said Commissioners and Governors aforesaid, as Lords of the Barony or Manor within which the fame lie, in respect of their Right and Interest to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes so to be divided and allotted, or such Part thereof as the said Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs or Assigns, or Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, shall be found to be entitled to, shall be an 1 enure to the said Duke of Northumberland, and his Heirs and Assigns, and Person and Persons entitled as aforesaid, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner as the fame is limited and appointed to the said Commissioners and Governors, it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act that the said Duke of Northumberland, and his Heirs and Assigns, and Person and Persons entitled as aforesaid, shall have the Benefic and Advantage of, and be bound by and subject to all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, and Provisions contained in this Act with respect to the Matter in issue as aforesaid, in the same Manner as if the said Duke of Northumberland, his Heirs and Assigns, and Person and Persons entitled as aforesaid, had been specially named therein, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that any such Action or Trial shall not suspend or impede the Execution of this Act, but the said Commissioners afling under the Authority of this Act shall proceed in the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure hereby directed to be made.

LXIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bod.es Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and the several other Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns) all such Estates, Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the said Commons, Moors, or Wastes, hereby directed to be divided and allotted, before the passing of this Act, or could or might, or ought to have had or enjoyed, in calc this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahak, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

j, ’

r

I CaP- 74-

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long Mart on, in the County of Westmorland; and also i, the Common Stinted Pasture, called Marton Park,

II within the said Manor and County.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor of Long Marton in the County of Westmorland, several Open Commons and Waste Grounds, containing by Estimation Five hundred Acres or thereabouts, and also a certain Common Stinted Pasture called Marton Park, containing also by Estimation Five hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Right Honourable William Viscounc Lowther, Baron of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, is Lord of the Manor, and Owner of the Soil of the said Open Commons and Waste Grounds, and of the said Common Stinted Pasture, and of the Coal Mines, Veins, and Seams of Coal, and all other Mines and Minerals in and under the fame: And whereas the Right Honourable Sackville Earl of Lhanet is Patron of the Reffory, Parish, and Parish Church of Long Marton aforesaid, of [Lw. & Per.J 14 A which

1198

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

which the said Manor of Long Marion is Parcel; and the Reverend John Rippon is the present Rector and Incumbent thereof, and as such entitled to the Tythes yearly arising and growing due within the said Manor of Long Marlon: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One AS certain Provisions usually infer ted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several FaSs usually required on the pajfng of such Acts: And whereas it would be of great Advantage to the ievcral Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and the said Common Stinted Pasture, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specifick Parts thereof divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests-, but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Appointm«nt Authority of the same, That Robert Lumb, of Lowther in the County 1 ' of Westmrland, John Hotfman, of Corby in the County of Cumberland,

and John Hobson, of Dufton in the said County of Westmorland, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be nominated in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and also the said Common Stinted Pasture, and for otherwise carrying this Act into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after mentioned; and also subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions contained in the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are by this Act varied or alrered; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things hereby directed to be done by the said Commissioners, may be done and executed by any Two of them; and the same shall be as valid and effectual as if done and executed by all the said Commissioners.

of Commissioners.

Other Commissioners, how to be appointed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or who shall be nominated in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them respectively vetted, die, or refuse to act, or without some reasonable Cause neglect to attend a Meeting for putting this Act intoExe-ctition, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after he shall have received Notice from any Person interested in the said Inclosure, of the passing of this Act, or requiring him to attend as a Commissioner, a new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be nominated in Manner following; (that is to say), if the said Robert Lumb shall die, or refuse to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said William Lord Viscount Lowther, his Heirs, or Assigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to appoint One other Commissioner not interested in the said Inclosure in the room of the said Robert Lumb, and so from Time to Time, as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the said William Lord Viscount Lowther, his Heirs or Assigns as aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in case the said John Houfman shall die or refuse to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said John Rippon, orhisSuccessor or Successors, Rectors of Long Marten aforesaid for the Time being,

by

1199

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

by any Writing under his Hand, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the said Inclosure, in the room of the said John Houfman and so from Time to Time, as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed by the said John Rippon, or his Successor or Successors, Rettors of Long Marion aforesaid shall die, or refuse to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in case the said John Hobson shall die, or refuse to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Majority in Value (to be ascertained by the Rate for the Relief of the Poor) of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands and Grounds directed by this Act to be divided and inclosed, or their Agents, to be appointed by Writing under their respective Hands for such Purpose, or their known Agents or Attornies (except the said William Lord Viscount Lowther, and "John Rippon) who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose at the Parish Church of Long Marion aforesaid, in pursuance of a Notice to be given in the said Church, or by Writing to be affixed upon the most publick outer Door of the said Church, and also in The Cumberland Racquet or Carlisle Journal, at least Twenty-one Days before such Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the said Inclosure, in the room of him the said John Hobson, and so from Time to Time, as often as any Commissioner, to be appointed by the said Proprietors as aforesaid, shall die, refuse to act, or neglect to attend as aforesaid; and in case the said William Lord Viscount Lowther, his Heirs or Assigns, or the said "John Rippon, or his Successor or Successors. Rectors of Long Marton aforesaid, or the said Proprietors, either or any of them respectively, shall make Default in appointing any new Commissioner so directed to be appointed by him and them as aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months after the Death of any Commissioner, or his Refusal to act, or Neglect of Attendance shall be known, then the surviving or remaining Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and they and he are and is hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the said Two Calendar Months allowed to the respective Parties and Persons for naming such new Commissioner or Commissioners by them respectively as aforesaid, to appoint One other Commissioner, not interested in the said Inclosure, in the room of every such Commissioner so dying, refuting to act, or neglecting to attend; and every Commissioner so to be appointed shall have the like Power and Authority as the Commissioner in whose Place he shall be appointed was vested with by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners Allowance to shall be paid the Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence, and tkeConimii-no more, for all their Trouble, and the Expences which they shall incur on each and every Day that they shall respectively attend, or be engaged or employed in the surveying, admeasuring, planning, and valuing of all the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, within the said Manor of Long Marton, and likewise for all their Trouble, and the Expences which they shall incur in the dividing and allotting the said l'cveral Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and also the said Common Stinted Pasture; and also the further Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence unto each and every Commissioner, for his Trouble and Expence on each and every Day that he shall attend, or be engaged or employed for the Purpose of inquiring into, examining

Witnesses,

I 200

Parties to pay their own Expences.

Appointment of Surveyors and Assistants.

Notice to be given of the First Meeting of the Commissioners.

Other Notices, how to be given.

For determining Encroachments.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Witnesses, settling and determining any objected or disputed Claims, or any other Disputes or Differences which shall or may arise or happen, touching or concerning the said Division or Inclosure, and hereby referred to the said Commissioners j the said Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence to be paid by the Person or Persons against whom the Award of the said Commissioners shall be made, in case of a Reference to them as herein-beforeexpressed: Provided always, that the said Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, their Agents and Actor-nies, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered when and as to them shall seem meet, to appoint such and (b many Persons as they shall think proper or necessary, to be Surveyors or Assistants to such Surveyors, or to survey and admeasure the fame themselves for the Purposes of the said intended Division and inclosure, and from Time to Time to diiplace and remove any such Person or Persons so to be appointed, and to appoint any other Person or Persons in the room, place, and stead, of any such Surveyor or Surveyors, Assistant or Assistants, so to be displaced and removed, and to make such Surveyor or Surveyors, Assistance or Assistants, such Recompence for their respective Labour, Skill, and incidental Expences, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause publick Notice to be given in the Newspaper called Tbc Cumberland Parquet or Carlisle Journal, or forne other Newtpaper usually circulated in the said County of Westmorland, and also in the said Parish Church of Long Marion, or by affixing a Notice in Writing upon the principal outer Door of the said Church of Long Marlon, upon forne Sunday during or immediately before or after Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their first Attendance or beginning to put this Act into Execution, and also of all such other Times and Places as they shall appoint for the Purpose of receiving, adjusting, and settling the Claims, Rights, Shares, and Proportions of any Person or Persons interested in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and also in the said Common Stinted Pasture hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, which shall or may require the Attendance of any Person or Persons interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, so as that the Place of every such Attendance or Meeting be within Three Miles of Long Marion aforesaid, and that Fourteen Days previous Notice be given thereof (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted).

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices of Meetings of the said Commissioners, requisite or necessary to be given by them, and not herein otherwise directed, shall be so given by Advertisement in The Cumberland Pacquet or Carlisle Journal, or forne other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Westmorland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Incroachments which shall have been made upon any of the Commons and Waste Lands, or the said Common Stinted Pasture, intended by this Act to be divided and inclosed, within the Space of Twenty Years next before the passing of this Act,

without

I 20i

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

without any legal Grant or Authority for that Purpose, shall be deemed Part of the Commons and Waste Lands to be divided and inclosrd by virtue of this Act, and the same shall be divided and inclotrd accordingly: Provided nevertheless, that all and every such Encroa hments shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall at the Time of makino the Allotments be in the Possession of such Encroachments, or in the Rece pc of the Rents and Profits thereof, as the Whole or Pa t of the S'-arc or Portion of the Commons or Walle Lands to whnh such Pcdon or Pei ions will be entitled by virtue of this Act, without considering the Value of any Erection thereon, or Improvements made thereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute of Difference shall arise between any of the Partie- tnteefted or claiming to be interested in the said Division and IncLfure hereby dtrested to be made, touching or concerning the Right of the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and also of the said Common Stinted Pasture, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests therein, which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in or to such Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or Common S inted Pasture, or touching or concerning any other-Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclol’ure, it shall be lawful fur the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, and determine the fame; provided that no Determination of the said Commissioners shall exclude any Person from trying and ascertaining his Right at Law or in Equity, in respect of the Title to any of the Shares or Allotments of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or of the said Common Stinted Pasture, intended to be divided by virtue of this Act, so that no such Trial, or any Judgement thereupon, shall suspend or impede the Execution of this Act; and provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, of Hereditaments whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee causeto award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Appli;atioi made to them for that Purpose, to settle, afiefs, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neg. lesting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been lo distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distrcfs and Sale.

14 B

Commission-*rs to settle Disputes.

CofnmifTnn* ers to award C01U,

[Lot. ft? Per.-]

I 202

Panics may try their Right t y an lllue at i.aw.

If any of the Parties die. Proceedings not to abate.

Power to fell Common Rights lepa~ rate from other Property.

Allotment for publick Watering

44° GEORGII III. Cap.+i 4.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interrl'ed or clainrng to be interested in the said intended Division and Imlofurr, shall be difati.'fied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or the said Common Stinted Palfure, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon, the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, or upon the said Common Stinted Palture, hereby direcded to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the M.itrtr so determined by the said Commissioners, at the next or at the following Assizes to be ho'den for the said County of IVtJlmor-land; and for that the Person or Persons who shall be diflati-fied witl) the Determination of the said Commissioners shall cause an Action to be brought, upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Two Calendar Months next aft<r such Determination of the said Commissioners and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto and file common Bail, and accept One or more Issue orlflues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Veididts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding upon all Personsand Bodies Politick and Corporate whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had, which ic shall be lawful for the Court to do* and also upon sufficient cause shewn to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is usual in other Cases; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered toadt in conformity thereto: Provided always, that if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if such Event had not happened.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to sell and dispose of his, her, or their Rights, Share, or Interest in such Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, separate and apart from the Pro* perty to which such Right or Interest is appurtenant; and that the said Commissioners shall and may award the Allotments to be made in lieu of the Right of Common so. Ibid.and disposed of to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, having received a Request in Writing so to do, signed by the Owners or Proprietors of such Rights of Common, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and that any such Purchasers shall hold and enjoy the fame unto him, his Heirs and Assigns for ever j any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered in the First Place to assign, let

out.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 74. 1203

out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the Town- *sce1*,tsG"nj ship of Long Marionafoiefud, for the Time being, such Part or Parts of stoneQu’tr-the said Commons and Waste Grounds, so to be divided by them as afore- riei. said, as they shall think fit and necessary to be used as and for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting Gravel for making and repairing of the Roads to be made over the said Common and Waste Grounds, and the said Common Sdnted Pasture, and also to be used as and for a Common Stone Quarry or Stone Quarries; and the said Allotments when iet out shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the said Township, and by the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Long Marion aforesaid; and the Proprietors of the said Wastes and Commons, and Common Stinted Pasture, shall have free Liberty of getting Stone therein for their own Ule and Benefit, but not to sell and dispose thereof; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out Hoads to and from the said Stone Quarries for publick Use and Benefit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in *e°Ra^rfor the next Place set out, allot, and appoint unto and for the said John Rip- Tytiie of pon, Rector of the said Parish and Patish Church of Long Marion, and his Marion Part. Successors, such Parcel of the said Common Stinted Pasture, called Marlon Park, as (h ill in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Tythe of Corn, Hay, and all other Produce arising from the Earth, and growing due or payable, or which would,

could, or might become due or payable or to which he or his Successors is, are, can, might, or could be entitled to, from and out of, or for and in respect of all and every or any Part of the said Common Stinted Paf-cure, called Marion Park; the same to be awarded and allotted by the said Commissioners to lav adjoining to a Close or Inclosure being Part of the Glebe Land called Chappel Flatl; and to make or cause to be made a good and sufficient Hedge or Fence, and plant the fame with Thorn Quicks, and defend them by a sufficient Fence, according to the ac-cultomed Method of Fencing.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in Allotmrnrto the next Place set out, allot, and appoint unto and for the said John Rippon, Tythe and his Successors, Rectors of Long Mar ton, such Quantity, Part, and of the Com-Proportion of the said Commons and Waste Grounds so to be divided mo"'

«nd inclosed, as shall in the Judgement and Opinion of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Tythe of Corn, Hay, and other Grain, and all other Produce arising from the Earth, and growing due or payable, or which would, could, or might become due or payable, to which he or his Successors is, ate, can, might, or could be entitled to, from and out of, or for and in respect of all and every or any Pfcrt of the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor of Long Marion, the fame being well and sufficiently cast and planted with Thorn Quicks and defended by a sufficient Hedge or Fence, according to the usual and accustomed Method of Fencing, by and at the Expence of the said William Lord Viscount Lovither, and the Land Owners and other Persons interested in the Division and Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Grounds; which said Allotment, Part, or Portion, shall be accepted by and veiled in such Rector as aforesaid, and his Successor or Successors, Heirs or Assigns, for ever, in lieu of and as a full Compensation

1204,

Allotment >0 the Lord of tl* Manor.

Allotment to the Rector for Tythe of the inclosed Lands and Glebe.

Allotment of the KcfiJue.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 74,

tion and Satisfaction for all the Tythes of Hay, Corn, and other Grain, and Produce arising from the Eirth, due to the said Rector, or his Successor or Successors, Heirs or Assigns, or any of them, for and in respect of the said Commons and Waste Grounds so to be divided and inclosed within and throughout the whole Manor of Long Marion aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required in the next Place, out of the Residue and Remainder of the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, to set our, allot, and appoint, unto and for the said William Lord Viscount Lowther, and his Heirs, One Fourteenth Part in Value of the said Commons and Waste Lands to be awarded and allotted to him, upon a certain Part of the said Common adjoining to Grainge Moor, on the North-east, and to the Turnnike Road leading from Long Marlon aforesaid, to Milburn, in the said County of Westmorland, for his Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall

in the next place set our, allot, and appoint unto and for the said John Rippcn, and his Successors, Rectors of Long Marion, such Quantity, Part, and Proportion of the said Commons and Waste Grounds so to be divided and inclosed, as shall in the Judgement and Opinion of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent and Compensation not only for the Common Right of the Glebe Lands, but all'o for the Tythe of Corn, Hay, and other Grain, and all other Produce arising from the Earth, within the said Manor of Long Marlon, growing due and payable, or which would, could, or might become due and payable, to the said Rector or his Successors, or to which he or his Successors is, are, can, might, or could be entitled to, from and out of, or for and in respect of all and every or any Part of the Messuages, Tenements, and inclosed Lands, within the said Manor of Long Marton, the fame being well and fuf-ciently cast and planted with Thorn Quicks, and defended by a sufficient Hedge or Fence, according to the usual and accustomed Method of Fencing, by and at the Expence of the Land Owners and other Persons interested in the Division and Inclosure of the remaining Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, which said Allotment, Part or Portion, shall be accepted by and vested in such Rector as aforesaid, and his Successor and Successors, Heirs or Assigns, for ever, in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Common Right of all the Glebe Lands, and also for Tythes of Hay, Corn, and other Grain, and Produce araling from the Earth, due to the said Rector or his Successor or Succrflors, Heirs or Assigns, or any of them, for and in respect of the said Messuages, Tenements, and inclosed Lands, within and throughout the whole Manor of Long Marton aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said Commissioners shall have deduced Lands for the Roads, and for Ways and Drains, and made the several Allotments herein-before mentioned, they shall in the next Place set out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and also the said Common Stinted Pasture, by this Act directed to be divided and inclosed, unto and amongst the several Persons who at the Time of making

1205

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

such Allotments shall be entitled to any Estate, Property, Right, or Interest in the said Common Stinted Pasture, according to the Number of Cattlegates each Proprietor shall be polTdTed of or entitled unto and in the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, according to their respective Interests therein, and according to die Value of their respective Estates, as they are rated to the Poor, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Parts and Places, as by the said Commis-Ooners shall be adjudged and determined to be a Compensation and Satisfaction for the several and respective Lands and Grounds, Rights of C ,mmon, and other Rights and Interests, of each of the said Proprietors, after such Deductions as aforesaid, such Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, when inclosed, shall be vested in the several Persons who shall be entitled to the same as Freehold Estates of Inheritance, in Fee Simple (the Lands and Grounds lying in the said Common Stinted Pasture, so to be divided and inclosed, remaining as customary Estates of Inheritance, paying such Rents, Fines, Dues, Duties, and Services, as the fame were subject and liable to, previous to the passing of this Act, according to the Custom of the Manor of Long Marlon aforesaid) save and except liich Part or Portion of the said Common Stinted Pasture as shall be assigned and allotted unto the said John Rippon, and his Successors, Redors as aforesaid, which shall be vested in him and them as Freehold Estates of Inheritance in Fee Simple, and shall allot the Share or Shares of each Party, as near to the Homesteads, or some other of the present inclosed Lands or Tenements, belonging to such Party respectively, as conveniently may be.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That until the Division and Allotments shall be made and finished in pursuance of this Act, the said John Rippon, Rector as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons entitled to such Tythes as aforesaid, shall be entitled to and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes as he or they could, might, or ought to have done in case this Act had not been made.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made as aforesaid shall, within the Space of One Year next after the Execution of the said Award, be inclosed and fenced, and such Fences for ever afterwards maintained, repaired, and supported by and at the Expence of the respective Proprietors, in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award direct; and in case any of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure shall refute or neglect to inclose and fence such Part or Proportion of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or Common Stinted Pasture, as shall be awarded and allotted to him, her, or them, within the Time above limited and prescribed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be inclosed and fenced, and charge such Proprietor with the Expence of such Division and Inclosure.

XX. And be it further enacted, Thac it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Manor of Long Marlon, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Manor, or within any adjoining Manor, Parish, Hamlet, Township, or PUce; provided that all such Exchanges

\Lec. & Per.'] 14 C be

Tythes to be paid as heretofore, until Allotment* made.

Allotment* to he inclose and fenced,

Exchange* may be made.

1206

Directing liy whom Ex-perces of making Ix-clunges Hull be paid.

Wills and Settlements not to he affected.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

be ascertained, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or fer Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Actor-nies, of or aft in g for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covtrt, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be ttftified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing of any Exchanges and Partitions shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award, or other separate Deed or Instrument, order or direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or taken to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Limitation, or prejudice any Person having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Reversion, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, of, in, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed, or which shall be exchanged in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof respectively; but that the several Lands and Grounds to be assigned and allotted upon such Division and Inclosure, to the several Parties concerned or their Trustees, and which shall be taken in Exchange, in pursuance of this Act, shall, immediately after such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, be, remain, and enure; and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted and assigned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth (land and be seised thereof to and for such and the same Uses and Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Tenures, Rents, Services, Quit-Rents, and Incumbrances, as the said several Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotments and Exchanges shall be made as aforesaid, now are, or should or would have been subject and liable to be charged with, or affected by.

1207

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

in case the fame had remained uninclosed and unexchanged, or this Act had not been passed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That as well the Fees and Payments of the said Commissioners, as also the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the soliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of the surveying, planning, dividing, and allotting the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and the said Common Stinted Pasture, and of making the Ring Fences, and planting the fame with Thorn Chiicks, of such Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and also of the Common Stinted Pasture, as shall be awarded and allotted to the said John Rippon, and his Successors, Rectors of Long Marlon aforesaid, in lieu of and as a Compensation for the Tythes and Glebe Lands as herein-before mentioned, and of preparing, making, and depositing the Award of the said Commissioners and Instruments of Election, and all other Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the said William Lord Viscount Lowther, and the several and respective Land Owners within the said Manor (except the said Rector and his Successors), according and in proportion to their several and respective Interests in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and the said Common Stinted Pasture, by a Rate to be ascertained, settled, and made by the said Commissioners, upon the said William Lord Viscount Lowther, and the said Land Owners respectively for that Purpose, and to be payable and paid to such Person and Persons, and at such Times, as shall by the said Commissioners be ordered and directed in Writing under their Hands j and in case any or either of the Persons aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Share or Shares of such Charges and Expences, or any Part thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed to receive the same, within the Time to be limited by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That Once at least in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Westmorland, to be by him examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justice stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons, shall advance and pay any Money in Discharge of Fees or other Expences of obtaining, passing, and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the

For paying the Expences of parting and executing the Act.

Commissioners to make out yearly

Accounts

Persons advancing Money to be rtpaiJ with Interest.

1 208

Two Parts of Award to be made.

Saving the Rij.hu of the Lord of the Manor.

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall make and execute Two Parts of their said Award, One Part whereof shall be deposited where the other publick Papers belonging to the Township and Manor of Long Marlon aforesaid are usually krpt, and the e ther Part thereof with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Westmorland; and for which a Fee of One Pound and One Shilling and no more shall be paid; and that the same shall respectively be deposited in the said Places, within Three Calendar Months next after the Execution thereof; and a true Copy of such Award, or of any Part thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for which no more than Four-pence per Sheet shall be paid, each Sheet to contain Seventy-two Words; and also each Part of the original Award shall be allowed as good and legal Evidence, and the said Clerk of the Peace and his Deputy, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons whomsoever, from Time to Time and ac all Times within the Otfice Hours of Attendance, to peruse and inspect the Part of the said Awatd or Instrument deposited in the Office of the said Clerk of the Peace, upon paying for every such Perusal and Inspection One Shilling and no more.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to defeat, lefien, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the said William Lord Viscount Lowther as Lord of the said Manor of Long Marlon, his Heirs or Assigns, of, in, and to the Seigniories and Royalties incident and belonging to the said Manor; but that the said William Lord Viscount Lowther, and all (ucceeding Lords or Ladies of the said Manor, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hold and enjoy all Quit-Rents, Free Rents, Reliefs, Duties, Customs, and Services, and all Courts and Perquisites, and Profits of Courts, within the said Manor, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves, and put in Exigent, Deodands, Treasure Trove, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, Royalties, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Matters, and Things whatsoever, to the said Manor, or to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies thereof, incident, belonging, or appertaining (other than and except such Common Rights as could or might be claimed by him, her, or them, as Owner of the Soil and Inheritance of the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and of the said Common Stinted Pasture, and the Right of getting Stone, Slate, and Gravel therein, which is and are hereby intended to be barred and for ever extinguished), in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they might have held and enjoyed the fame if this Act had not been passed; and that the said William Lord Viscount Lowlher, his Heirs and Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy all Mines of Coal, Ironstone, and Minerals, of what Nature or Kind so-ever, within and under the said Commons, Moors, and Waste Grounds, and also within and under the said Common Stinted Pasture hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, together with all convenient and necessary Ways, Wayleaves, Roads, and Passages already made, and hereafter to be made, through, over, and upon the said Lands and

Grounds,

1209

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Grounds, and Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggon Ways and other Ways, in, over, and along the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and of searching for, winning and working the said Mines and Minerals, and leading and carrying away the Coal, lronftone, Lead, Minerals, Things, and other Produce thereof, making Pit Rooms and Heap Kooms, Drifts, Levels, Soughc, Drains, Ways, and Water* courses, and of erecting and using Fire Engines and other Engines, and of altering, changing, and pulling down and carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof, in, through, over, and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby diiefted to be inclosed, and to have andufe any Stone got in the couife of sinking Pits or Shafts, or working or getting the said Minerals so reserved as aforesaid, at his, her, or their own free Will and Pleasure, and to do all such other Works, Acts, and Things, either now in use or hereafter to be invented, as may be necessary or convenient for the full and complete Enjoyment thereof, in and upon the said Commons, Moers, and Waste Grounds, and also in and upon the said Common Stinted Pasture, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he, she, or they, could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

XXVIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall give to the said William Lord Viscount Lowther, or to any future Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor of Long Marion aforesaid, any greater, further, or other Authority, Power, Privilege, or Liberty whatsoever, touching or concerning the sinking, searching for, winning, working, carrying away, and disposing of the Mines of Coal, lronftone, and other Minerals contained in the said several Commons, Moors, and Wafts Grounds, and also in the said Common Stinted Pasture, hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, than he the said William Lord Viscount Lovoiber was by Law entitled to immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall suffer or fultain any Loss or Damage in his, her, or their respective Allotments by the sinking, searching for, winning, or working of any Mines of Coal, lronftone, or other Mines therein, or the laying or repairing Waggon Ways or other Ways, or by leading or carrying away the Coals, lronftone, or other Ore or Minerals to be gotten thereout, or making Drifts, Levels, or Watercourses, erecting or using Fire or other Engines, Pit Room, or other the Liberties and Powers hereby given and reserved to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the Manor of Long Marion aforesaid for the Time being, that then and in every such Case the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of the said Manor, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall pay full Satisfaction for all such Damages, Spoil of Ground, and other Loss to be occasioned thereby, to the Person or Persons who shall be in the Possession of such Ground or Allotment at the Time of doing such Damage or occasioning such Spoil or Loss.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners are by the said

[Lee. £3* Per.J 14 D recited

Not to give the Lord of the Manor any greater Power than he was entitled to previous to the passing this Act.

Satisfaction to be made for Damages.

Allowing an Appeal to tht Sessionj.

1210

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

recited Act or this Act directed to be binding or conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) such Person or Persons may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Paid County of Westmorland, within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, and giving Twenty Days Notice to the Commissioners of such his, her, or their Intention of appealing; and the Justices of such Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Macter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, as to them in their D.fere-tion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Costs and Charges which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatLever, into any of His Majesty's Courts at Wrjlmiiifter or elsewhere; and in case such Appeal shall appear to the Paid Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

General XXXI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Saving. ancj Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Lands, or other Compensation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Inrerefts as the Intent and Purposes of the Inclosure hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished), all such Estates, Rights, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them, had or enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the Commons and Wades hereby directed Dj be divided and inclosed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if this Act had not been made.

Declarirg the

[Publick Act.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Act rubfick. the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed, may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Judges and Justices whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the fame had been declared to be a

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

I

I

i

1 .

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

i

GEORGII III. REGIS.

IS

jg *1MH 4|i*)|H|!j|SjME «1(S*JifJ(HiMl*i»

I!,

'cl- i

ta*

J C75-

be An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the

" County of Inverness, towards the Expence of

J making and supporting such Roads and Bridges

nr therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making Roads and building Bridges

i in the Highlands of Scotland.

[3d July 1804.]

0

’XT XT’ WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His % /\J present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His ▼ Y Majesty the Sum of t wenty Thousand Pounds, to be issued and . applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of

Scotland; and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge 1, their Estates with a Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in

Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, it U, among other Things, enacted, " That the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, should order and direct some " proper Person to make a Survey or Surveys of the Roads and Bridges " which it ttiould be deemed moil adviseable to make and erect in the " Highlands of Scotland, which Person should report upon Oath his L l.oe. (d Per.] 14 E "Opinion

a 214.

Copy of Resolution, burvty, Report, and Estimace of Roads or Bridges to be made or erected pursuant to 43 Gso. IH. c.

44° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 75.

" Opinion thereupon, together with an Estimate of the Expence of the " making and erecting respectively each of such Roads and Bridges, to " the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, who should thereupon refer such Survey, Opinion, and Estimates to the Commissioners " therein-named and appointed, which said Commissioners should then " consider and determine which of the said Roads and Bridges so surveyed " and reported upon, and estimated, should be made and erected in the " Manner therein directed, and should cause a List and Description thereof, referring to such Survey,to be published in the London and Edinburgh " Gazettes; and such Lift and Description should also be sent to the next " General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for every and each County " through which the said Roads, or any of them, are intended to pass, or in which the said Biidges or any of them are intended to be erected:" And whereas it is by the said Act further enacted, " That so soon as " a Sum equal to One Half of the Expence so estimated of any such " Road, or any such Bridge should be paid (or secured to be paid) to the " Satisfaction of the Commissioners thereby appointed; and also Security " given to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Person or " Persons would further bear and defray all such further Sum or Sums of " Money, beyond such estimated Expence as should be necessary to make " and complete such Road or Bridge, the said Commissioners should dired an Account to be opened in the Books of the said Commissioners, " for such Road or Bridge, and should place to such Account a Sum " equal to One Half of the said estimated Expence; and it should be *« lawful for any Person or Persons contributing to the Expence of " such Road or Bridge, to pay the Money so contributed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, upon an Account to be " opened in the Name of the said Commissioners for such Road or " Bridge:" And whereas it is by the said Act further enacted, " That " One Half of the Expence of such Road or Bridge being fopaid or secured " to be paid to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and a Sum equal " thereto transferred in the Accounts of the said Commissioners to the Account of such Road or Bridge, such Road should be forthwith directed " to be made, and such Bridge to be erected, agreeably to the Plan and " Survey therein directed to be made, or such other Plan as might, upon ft subsequent Consideration be approved by the said Commissioners, so that " the Execution thereof should not exceed the said estimated Expence And whereas in order to ensure the making and erecting the Roads and Bridges, which it shall appear to the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act adviseable to make and ered in the County of Inverness, it is expedient to empower the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Inverness, to afiefs themselves and every Proprietor of Land in the said County, rateably and proportionably according to their respective valued Rents, in such Sum and Sums of Money as may be necessary for the making and erecting such Roads and Bridges in the said County, in addition to One Hdf of the estimated Expence thereof, which the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act authorised to defray in the Manner therein mentioned: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by anti with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act,

as

44° GEOfLGII III. Cap. 7$.

is often as the said Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act shall determine, that any Road or Roads, Bridge or Bridges, Hull be made orerested in the said County of Inverness, such Commissioners shall transmir, or cause to be transmitted, a Copy of their Resolution to that Effect, with a Copy of the Survey, Report, and Edimate upon which such Resolution has proceeded, to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply, or in his Absence to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the said County of Inverness, who is thereupon required and directed to lay the lame before the next ensuing annual General Meeting of the said County for assessing the Land Tax, or at the Michaelmas Head Court, whichsoever of them shall first thereafter happen, for the Purpose of taking every such Resolution, Survey, Report, and Eft innate into Consideration, and for the Purpose of executing, or giving Directions for executing, the Powers and Authorities committed by this Act to the Heritors of the said County.

121$

Sc, to be Tent to the Con-venoror She. riff of the County, and by him laid before next General Meeting of Heritors, for the Purpose of considering and giv. ing Directions for executing the same.

II. Provided always and be it enacted, That the said Convener, or in Intimation his Absence the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the said County, shall begwen cause Public Notice of such Resolutions, Surveys, Reports, and Estimates v^re pr°"‘ which are so to be laid before such General Meetings, to be inserted three vious’to such several Times in the Edinburgh Evening Ccurant, Caledonian Mercury, General and Edinburgh Advertiser, at lead Forty Days previous to such General Meetln2s* Meetings.

III. Provided also and be it enacted, That a Copy of such Notice shall Notice to be

be transmitted, tree of Expence, to the Minilterof every Parish within the j1 *° M'* said County, at lead Forty Days previous to such General Meetings; ^read and every such Minider shall, upon the fird Lord’s Day after receiving from the Pul-the fame, read, or cause the same to be read in the Church, after Divine pit and af-Service, before the Congregation shall be dismissed, and shall further the cause a Copy of every such Notice to be affixed on the Door of the Parish Doors. Church on the fame Lord’s Day.

IV. Provided always and be it enacted, That if any such Resolution, Special Ge-Survey, Report, and Edimate, or Resolutions, Surveys, Reports, and Edi- neral Meet-matrs, (h ill be so transmitted within one Calendar Month after the passing lnf,5 be of this Act, such Convener, or Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, shall im- diatdy'Tfter mediately thereupon summon a special General Meeting of the Heritors the Paffmgof of the said County to be held within Six Weeks after the Receipt there- this Act. of, of which Notice shall be given in the Manner herein-before directed, for the Purpose of taking the lame into Consideration, and of proceeding in the Execution of this Act in the same Manner as the said Heritors, or those authorized to act for them, in Manner herein-after directed, are empowered to do, at the said Two Half Yearly General Meetings.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Heritors of the said County so Heritors, if met and assembled shall take every such Resolution, Survey, Report, and <hey approve Edimate into Consideration, and it shall be lawful for them, or a Majority of b°ad or of them, in the actual PoHcffion oi the dominium utile of Lands fuuated poffd'may" in the said County, valued in the Ccfs Books or Valuation Roll of the bind them-

iaid County at One Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent or upwards, or filves for the Commissioners or Factors of such Heritors, having Ipccial or general Powers to act for them, present at such Meeting, in case they shall approve Expenc*1*

of

1216

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

ai.d at fame of the Road or Bridge proposed to be made or built by any such Refolu. Commission- t‘on’ Survey, Report, and Estimate, to bind and oblige the whole Heri-ersot supply tors of the County, and their Heirs and Assigns, for the Payment out of to make an the Assessments to be made in virtue of this Act, of One Half of the efti-g*' mated Expence of every such Road or Bridge, and at the same Time to thereofD'ent reclu're the Commissioners of Supply of the said County, to make an Assessment therefor upon each and every Proprietor of Land enjoying the demirium utile thereof in the said County, rateably and proportionably according to the Amount of their several valued Rents, to be levied and collected by Instalments, in Manner herein directed.

Hrritors vi. Provided always, That if the Heritors of the said County so met mayaejoum. an£j cannot come to a Determination at One Meeting, it shall be lawful for them to adjourn the fame, from Time to Time, as may be deemrd expedient, and the Consideration of any such Resolution, Survey, Report, and Estimate being resumed at any such adjourned Meeting or Meetings, the latest of which shall not be more than Ten Days from the Date of the General Meeting, it shall be lawful for the Members of such Meeting then present, or a Majority of them, to require an AssefTmenC to be made in the Manner herein directed.

AflVflmert to

VII. Provided also and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said such Propor- Heritors, at such general or adjourned Meetings, to direct such Assess-tions fer ment to be applied in such Proportions for each Road and Bridge, for Roacis and which the Survey, Report, and Estimate, with the Resolution of the Corn- Bridges, as missioners appointed by the said recited Act thereupon, shall have been for'/shall" transmitted to the County Convener as aforesaid, in such Manner as they Icem proper, shall think proper.

APe Ament

10 be levied by Inttal-ments, at the Kaie of One Silt)ling in the Pound, till Money borrowed shall be paid or Private Seiuiity fully relieved.

VIII. Provided also and be it enacted, That every such Assessment shall be levied by Instalments, from Time to Time; and thac in every Year the same shall amount to One Shilling, but not more than One Shilling Sterling in the Pound Scots of the valued Rent of the County, until such Time as all Sums of Money, borrowed with the Approbation of the said Heritors, purfuint to this Act, shall be paid, and until every Heritor, granting Security in Manner herein directed, for Half the estimaced Ex-per.ee of any Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, shall be fully indemnified !or the fame; and that alter such Payment and Indemnification, the annual Assessment, leviable by Instalments, not exceeding One Shilling Sterling in the Pound Scots of Valuation as aforesaid, shall be proportioned to the Amount of any further Expence of Roads and Bridges, approved of in the Manner cluefted by this Act during the Continuance thereof.

licrito's pre-

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every vcEtecl irum Hetitor of the said County, who shall be prevented by Absence or indif-.litcnair;, position from giving his or her personal Attendance at any such Meeting, ‘I'aionfmat- to authorize and appoint Come fit Person to attend for such Heritor; and lend lor every Person lo authorized and appointed, or the authorised Commissioner

them. or Eastor of any such Heritor, shall be and is hereby empowered to act and

vote lor the Heritor for whom such Person is Commissioner or Eastor,or is so authorized and appointed, to attend and ad and vote in the same Manner

1217

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

ner as if such Heritor could have personally attended; and in all Cases where there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting, the Prefes, besides his own Vote as a Member of the Meeting, shall have a calling Vote, and every Person so authorised and appointed shall be deemed an Heritor I r all the Purposes of executing this Act in the Absence of his Condiment.

X. And be it enacted, That a Copy of the Resolution of every such Meeting, requiring an AsseflTment to be made for the Purposes of this Act, shall forthwith be transmitted by the Prefes of the Meeting at which the same shall have been made, to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the said Coun tv of Inverness; and thereupon the Commissioners of Supply of the Lid County shall be summoned to meet and assemble, and (Itall meet and assemble, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Supply of the said County are summoned to meet and do meet; and the Commissioners of Supply being so met and adembled, they (h ill make an Assessment upon each and every Proprietor of Land enjoying the dominium utile thereof in the said County, to the Amount of the Sum specified in such Resolution, to be levied in conformity to the Terms therein specified: Provided always, That the Col'eftor of the Rents anciently piid to the Hishop of Moray, and dill levied in this County, shall be liable in the said AlTcdinent, in the same Manner with the said Heritors, according to the Sum for which the Bishop of Moray (lands rated in the Cess Books of the said County.

XI. And whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness j and for levying Converfton Money in lieu of Labour; and for otherwise regulat'ng, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the Streets within the royal Burgh of Inverness, it is enacted, That the Lands of Dummaglass, in the united Parishes of Daviot and Dunlicbity (which, though valued and paying Land Tax in the County of Nairn, are situated in the Heart of Lands in the County of Inverness') should pay the Commutation of Money, and the Proportion of AffiftT-ment therein directed to be levied in the County of Inverness, under the Cime Conditions and Penalties as by that Act affect the said County, and that the Lards of Budgcte in the Parish of Colder, (which, though valued and paying Land Tax in the County of Inverness, lie more contiguous to the County of Nairn,) should in like Manner perform Statute Lab mr in the said County of Nairn, and that each of the Ltd Lands fh >uld be subject to the Jurildtftion of the Justices of the Peace and Commissioners of Supply of the respective Counties to which they were lo transferred, so far as regarded the Statute Labour and Commutation Money, and AlTcffinent to be levied under the said Act; be it therefore enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Lands of Dummaglass shall be affclled by the Commissioners of Supply of the said County of Inverness, (or each ifid every Purpose of this Act, and the Aflrffinent or Assessments so made thereon, and every Part or Portion thereof, shall be levied by the Collector of the said County of Inverness, in the tame Manner as if the Lands were situated therein, and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act given, and all the Pains,

(/.«. U Per.] 14 F Penalties,

Resolution s of Heritors to he transmitted to the Convener and Commissioner> of Supply shall make Assessment pursuant thereto.

Provisions in the Geo. III. c. 118. relative to the Lands of Dummaglafa and Budgate extended of this Act.

I 2 1 8

No AflcIT.

meat on Lands of Budga'.e.

Assessment to be levied as the Land Tax.

Collector of Land Tax to remit to the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or their Aeent at Inverness, all Monies received upon such Assessment.

Collector not to keep in his Hands a larger bum than Twenty Pounds at One Time.

Collector may retain Allowance for his Trouble.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

Penalties, and Forfeitures hereby allowed and directed to be enforced for the making and levying the Assessments authorised by this Act, are hereby given and allowed, and directed to be enforced for making and levying the fame upon and from the said Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Lands of Dummaglajs.

XII. Provided always and be it enacted, That no Assessment shall be made under the Authority of this Act, upon the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Lands of Budgate, which, in relation to all Matters and Things to be done pursuant to this Act, shall be considered as if lying in the said County of Nairn.

XIII. And be it further enacted, Thatevery Assessment made by Virrue of this Act, and each and every Part and Portion thereof, shall be levied and recovered by the Collector of the Land Tax of the said County, in the same Manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied or recovered; and such and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties, and Forfeitures are hereby given for the Payment and Recovery of every such Assessment, which are given, or may be applied and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of the Land T ax.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of the I.and Tax shall remit all Monies to be received by him pursuant to such Assessment, as the same shall from Time to Time amount to Twenty Pounds, to the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or to any Agent of the said Bank at Inverness authorized by them to receive the same, to be placed by the Treasurer of the said Bar k to an Account opened in the Manner directed by the said recired Act, in the Books of the said Bank for the Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, towards making or erecting which such AflUfment shall have been made; and the said Collector of the Land Tax shall from Time to Time, as he shall be directed and required by the Heritors of the County assembled at any General Meeting as aforesaid, or by a Committee of their Number, appointed as herein directed, tender to them a just and true Account of each and every Sum of Money received and remitted, or paid by him pursuant to this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector of the Land Tax for the said County shall at any Time keep in his Hands for the Space of Twenty Days a larger Sum than Twenty Pounds of Money received by him pursuant to this Act, or shall fail to render an Account in the Manner herein required, such Collector shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered with Double Costs of Suit, by Way of Summary Complaint before the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, or any Two or mote of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, One Half of which shall go to the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Half to the Person or Persons luingdor the same.

-j

XVI. Provided always and be it enacted, Thatevery such Collector of the Land Tax may retain to his own Use, out of all Monies so recovered as aforesaid, such Allowance as thersaid Commissioners of Supply shall think a reasonable Remuneration fb'r his Trouble, not exceeding the Allowance

1219

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

lowance made to him for levying the Land Tax, and for which Allowance Provision shall be made in the Amount of each Assessment directed to be made pursuant to this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of each Order or Resolution of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County, directing such Assessment to be levied, ill all be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply to the Commissioners appointed by the said in part recited Act, who shall, upon any Assessment being made appropriating Money to any such Road or Bridge, or upon Payment being made or Security being found for One Half of the estimated Expence of such Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, direct an Account to be opened in their Books for each of the Roads or Bridges for which an Assessment shall have been so made, or Payment shall have been made, or Security shall have been found as afoie-fltid, and shall place to every such Account a Sum equal to the Proportion of such Assessment appropriated to such Road or Bridge, or to the Half of the estimated Expence of the Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, for which such Payment shall have been made or Security found as aforesaid; and every such Road or Bridge shall forthwith be directed to be made and erected pursuant to the said recited Act and this Act.

XVIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That in every Cafe the said Heritors of the said County, or General Committee to be appointed by them, shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, a Copy of the Minutes of their Proceedings, at every Meeting to be held by them pursuant to this Act.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Heritors of the said County for the Time being in the actual Possession as Proprietors of the dominium utile of Lands valued in the Ctfs Books of the said County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Kent, or any Committee of not less than Five Heritors, to be appointed by them at any of their General Meetings as above directed, shall be and they are hereby constituted Trustees for the making and erecting every Road and Bridge for which an AficiT-inent shall have been made or Payment rendered or Security found in the Manner herein directed, and all the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners and Trustees appointed by the said recited Act, in Relation to the Roads and Bridges directed to be made and built in the Manner therein provided, are hereby given and extended to the Commissioners and Trustees appointed by this Act, in Relation to every inch Road or Bridge for which an Assessment shall be made. Payment rendered, or Security found in Manner herein directed.

XX. Provided always and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Heritors, or those authorized to act for them, or a Majority of them, at any Meeting assembled as aforesaid, from Time to Time to appoint any One or more of their Number, not exceeding Five, to superintend the making any such Road, or the erecting any such Bridge; and for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, subject to such Conditions, Rules, and Regulations as the said Heritors and those acting for them, at any Meeting so assembled shall from Time to Time think proper to make or prescribe.

Upon Assess-mer.t being made, Payment made, or Security found, an Account shall be opened for the Road or Sridge, pursuant to 43 Geo. III. c. So.

Commissioners appointed

by 43 Geo. III. c. So. and he Heri-to> s having OneHundred Pounds Scots of Va. luation to be Trustees for Roads and Bridges for whion Assess-raent made.

Committee of Superintendance and local Management may be appointed

1 2 20

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

be^Wen"!)'° Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Conditions, Rules,

the^Comnnf- an<^ Regulations shall be approved of, or be in Conformity to the Direc-sioners ap. tions given by the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act, to ponued by whom it shall and may be lawful, and who are hereby empowered to give l-)'re^'ons to the said local Superintendant or Superintendants. as ' ' c‘ well as to the Herirors of the said County, or the Committee to be appointed by them as above directed in regard to the making any such Road, or eredi g any such Bridge, as to the said Commissioners shall (eem proper: Provided always, That a Copy of such Directions shall be previously lent to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County, to be by him laid before the next General Meeting of the Heritors, or their Committee as aforesaid; and in case it shall appear to the said General Meeting, or Committee, that such Directions (o given have proceeded from Mi(information or Misconception on the Part of the said Commissioners, the said General Meeting, or their Committee, are hereby authorized to (late their Objections, and such Directions shall not be carried into Effed until such Objections are conlidtred by the said Commissioners, who shall thereupon determine in the Matter as to them shall seem proper.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if the actual Expence of any such Road or Bridge, for which an Assessment shall have been so made, or Payment rendered, or Security found, shall exceed the estimated Expence thereof, such Excess shall be provided for, and defrayed by an Assessment or A (Trfitments made apd levied by one or more I ftalments, in the Manner herein-before directed.

Liferenters

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thatevery Liferenrerof any and Heirs of Estate, and the Disponee or Heir of Entail, in Possession of any Entailed 1. nm.i m.« Estate, paying his or her Proportion of any such Assessment, may charge the Estate of which such Liferenter, Disponee, or Heir of Entail is in Possession, with the Amount thereof in the Manner in which Heirs of Entail contributing towards the t xpences of 3ny Road or Bridge are allowed to charge the Entailed Estate by the said recited Act; and every Liferenter, Disponee, or Heir of Entail, so charging the Estate in the Manner hereby allowed, shall be obliged to keep down the Interest of the Sum with which the Estate shall be so charged, and a certain Sum, at least equal to Three Pounds per Centum of the Amount thereof, as a Sinking Fund, shall be annutllv paid, so that the Estate may be discharged and diiencumbered of the fame, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, and such and the like Forfeiture shall be incurred upon each Failure in the Payment of such Sum or Sinking Fund, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as is directed in the Cafe of (tach Failure by the said in part recited Act.

charge the hits it.

Excess beyond the estimated Expence, to be made good by a new

Assesstnent.

Heirs of En-

XXIV. Provided also and be it enacted, That if the Sum at any Time or tail. icz. may from Time to Time so to be assessed, pursuant to this Act, shall amount to fell or teu for with i n One-Sixth Part of One Half Year’s free Kent of any Estate belong-;'e ing to any Corporation, 1 nfant, or other Person under any legal Disabiiiry or AflUTneut. Incapacity, or Disponee or Heir of Entail, it shall and may be lawful for such Corporation, or the Tutor or Curator of any Infant or other Person la-*' . . bouring

1221

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

bouring under any legal Disability or Incapacity, or Disponee or Heir of Entail, his or her Tuior or Tutors. Curator or Curators, with the Conltnc of the Commissioners appointed by the said rfcited Act, and the Heritors of the said County, at any Meeting held pursuant to this Act. to fell or feu such Part of the Estate belonging ro such Corporation, Infant, or incapacitated Person, Disponee or Heir of Entail, paving such Assessment or AfTrlTments as may be sufficient to repay the Sum 01 Su ns so paid upon such Assessment or Assessments, not exceeding One Half Year’s free Rent of the Estate as aforesaid; and if so small a Part of such Kft.ite cannot be sold as may amount only to One Half Year’s free Rent thereof, then it shall and may be lawful for such Corporation, Tutor or Curator, Disponee or Heir cf Entail, or his or her Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, to apply to the Court of SefTton in the Manner directed by the said recited Act; and all the Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, given and required to be followed in the Cafe of Applications directed to be mr.de to the Court of Session by that Act, are heteby given and required to be observed in such Applications ro be made pursuant to this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors of the said County, or any One or more of their Number, spe-cialiy authorized and appointed at any Meeting held pursuanc to this Act, to borrow Money upon the Credit of the Assessments to be made, as herein directed, or to grant his or their Secur:ty for One Half of the eltirrated Expence of completing such Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, as may be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act; and which Money so borrowed shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Bank of Scotland, or their authorized Agent at Inverness as aforesaid, to be placed to an Account opened in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, in the Books of the said Bank, for the Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges, towards making or erecting which, such Money shall have been borrowed, and the Money so borrowed shall be repaid by the Treasurer of the said Bank from the Funds remitted to him, or paid to tire Agent at Inverness as aforesaid, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as any of the said General Meetings of Heritors or Committee, to be named by them, or a Majority of them shall appoint and diieft; and in the same Manner Money shall be issued by the said Treasurer towards Repayment to any Heritor or Heritors, who has, or have advanced or paid Money towards the making of any Road or Bridge in Manner herein directed: It being hereby specially provided and declared, that such Heritor or Heritors, and every Person, and all Persons lo lending or advancing Money, shall at any Term of Whitsun-dny or Martii.mas yearly, be bound to receive such Sum or Sums towards the Repayment thereof, as the said Heritors or their Committee shall direct to he paid, and grant his, her, or their Receipt therefor in Extinction fro tanto of his, her, or their Claim of Payment or Indemnification.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That so soon as the whole Roads and Bridges for which Assessments are directed to be made in pursuance of this Act, or any one or more of them, shall have been completed and certified to be

[Lee. & Per.-] 14 G so

Heritors may borrow Money or grant Security on the Credit of the Assessment.

Roads and Bridges, when completed, how to be repaired.

1222

Power to take Maie-tials for ie-pairing Roads and Bridges.

Damages to be determined by the Sheriff-De-pute, or Justices.

Former Act to be enforced.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

so by Surveyors, named by the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act to that Effect, the same shall be repaired and kept in Repair in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, pafiecl in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Heritors, qualified as aforesaid, and such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by a Majority of them, at any Meeting assembled pursuant to this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Stone, and other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads or Bridges when made or erected or any of them, out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons, (net being the Ground whereon any Houses (land, the Side Walls of which are Twelve Feet high, nor a Garden, Orchard, Planted Walk or Walks, Lawn, or any Avenue to any House, nor any Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart and used as a Nursery for Trees, except such Gravel Pits or Quarries as have been opened and used for the Purpose of repairing Roads, within Three Years previous to the passing of this Act,) where such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to cause the same to be carried away, or so much thereof as the Person or Persons so to be appointed shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the Roads and Bridges aforesaid or any of them, paying only the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of the said Grounds respectively, where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, taken away, or over which the same shall be carried.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds do not agree with the Heritors concerning the Amount of Damages done by digging Gravel, and other Materials necessary to be taken for the making and repairing the said Roads, the fame shal'l be determined by the Sheriff'-Depute, or by any Two Justices of the Peace of the said County, but such Difference between the said Heritors and Owners or Occupiers, shall not, in the mean Time, hinder the carrying off and using any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials, and applying the same towards making and repairing the said Roads; and the Determination of such Sheriff-Depute, or of such Justices, is hereby declared to be final, without being subject to review by Advocation, Suspension, Reduction, or in any Manner of Way whatsoever.

XXIX. Provided always and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be understood to refrain or prevent any Person or Persons from contributing to the Expence of making or erecting any Road or Bridge, which the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act shall determine shall be made or erected in the said County, pursuant to the said recited Act, and all the Directions, Powers, and Authoricies given by the said recited Act, which are not inconsistent with this Act, shall be followed, observed, and enforced in the Execution of this Act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

XXX. Provided also and be it enacted, That where any Person, or Persons have already paid or found Security to pay, or shall hereafter pay or find Security to pay the Sums necessary towards making any Road, or erecting any Bridge in the said County in the Man ner directed by tile said recited Act, such Person or Persons shall not be liable to pay his, her, or their Proportion of any Afldf ment to be made pursuant to this Act, unless or until such Proportion shall amount to a Sum equal to One Half of the estimated Fx-pence of such Road or Bridge which they have paid, or found Security to pay, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, or until they are repaid One Half of such estimated Expence in Manner herein directed.

XXXI. Provided further, and be it enacted, That so soon 3S any such Road or Bridge made or erected pursuant to the said recited Act (had be completed and opened for the Use of the Public, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons by whom or upon whose Security the Sums required to make such Road or erect such Bridge shall have been paid in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, or his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, to apply by Petition to the Commissioners of Supply of the said County, who shall order the same to be terved upon the Convener of the said County for the Time being, who shall lay the lame before the first ensuing General Meeting of the Heritors in Manner herein directrd, who shall thereupon and are hereby required to direct that the Person or Persons who have made Payment of the Sums which they had engaged or found Security to pay pursuant to the said in part recited Act, shall be indemnified (alter Deduction of their Proportion not paid by such Person or Persons, of any A(fe(fment or Assessments made under this Act) by an Assessment to be made and levied in like Manner as if the Surveys, Reports, and Estimates relative to such Road and Bridge had, with the Resolution of the said Corn mi (Boners, been transmitted to the Heritors of the said County, and had been approved of by them, before such Person or Persons had paid or found Security to pay such Sums pursuant to the said in part tccited Act.

XXXII. Provided always and it is hereby enacted, That the said Heritors shall not be bound to defray any Part of the Expence of any Road or Bridge to be hereafter undertaken pursuant to the said in part recited Act, unless the Survey, Report, and Estimate of the fame shall, upon being transmitted to them by the Commissioners thereby appointed in Manner herein directed, be approved of by a Majority of the said Heritors, and those authorised to act for them, assembled at some one of the General or Adjourned Meetings, in Manner herein directed.

XXXIII. Provided also and be it enacted, That every Person and all Persons who shall have been indemnified for their Engagements for any Road or Bridge, Roads or Bridges in the said County, or the Person or Persons in Possession of his, her, or their Estate, shall bear his, her, or their Proportion of every Aftdfment made pursuant to this Act.

1223

Persons who ha\e paid or fjund Security to pay Money pursuant to the said recited Act, not to be liable to pay A/T/T-

ment, unless their Proportion amounts to One-Half of the climated Expence paid or secured to be paid by them.

When the Read or Bridge for which such One Hail of the estimated Expence has been paid, shall be completed, Provision made for the Repayment of the Balance due.

The Heritors not to be liable lor Roads and Bridges, unless the Surveys shall be previously approved of by them.

Persons in-oemnified to be liable for their Proyor-tion of Assessment.

1224

Purchase Money to fc paid into the Bank in Cases of Titles not being made out.

Where any <]ueltion shall aiife touching Title, the Person in PoflVdion shall be deemed intitled.

Court to order Expences to be paid.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in Case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall he so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Cale, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (describing the m,) subject to the Order, Conti oul, and Disposition of the Court of Sessionj which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a furnmary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective f state or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person ro any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of the said recited Act, or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase; and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons or under the Pofllffion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenement.-, or Heritages, according to such Portcflion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session, and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXVI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That where by Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to be purchased

under

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

under the Authority of the said Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for rile laid Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of this or the said Act, or lb much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trul-toes, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from the Twenty-fifth Day of July in this present Year One Thousand Eight Hundred and Four, and shall thenceforth continue for and during the Space of Fifteen Years, and from thence to the End of the then nexc Session of Parliament; and in the Event that the Expence of every Road and Bridge in the said County, directed to be made pursuant to this and the said recited Act, shall not then be paid and defrayed by Assessments in the Manner herein directed, this Act shall farther continue and endure until such Expence shall be so paid and defrayed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Sum or Sums in the Hands of the Collector of the Land-Tax, belonging to the said County, shall be applied in the first Place, to defray and pay the Expence of obtaining and passing the present Act, and in case such Sum or Sums shall not be sufficient, the Deficiency shall be made up by a particular Assessment on the whole Heritors of the said County in the actual Possession as Proprietors of the dominium utile conformably to their respective valued Rents.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, until Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk of Supply of the said County, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor Six Calendar Months after the Fast committed; and every such Action shall be brought before the Court of Session in Scotland, and the Defender or Defenders in such Suit or Action shall and may deny the Libel, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action and Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Ten Days Notice thereof, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Defender or Defenders shall be afToilzied; or if the Action shall be found to be irrelevant or be otherwise dismissed, or the Pursuer shall not prosecute the Action, or suffer the same to fall asleep, or if Judgment shall be given against the Pursuer or Pursuers, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases of Law.

[Ltc. Cf Per.] 14 H

122$

Commrnce-ment and Endurance of the Act.

Expence of obtaining and Palling the Act, how provided for.

Limitation of Actions.

1226

Public AQ.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 75.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON; Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the Xing’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

»X W t*jK«ft#Sl*»4 W »

Cap. 76.

An Act for amending and repairing several Roads leading from the Guildhall and Market-House in ‘Tavijlock, to New Bridge, to Greston Bridge, to Downtown Gate, to Riccard's House, to Cherry-brook and Dunnabridge Pound, and to Morwellham and New Qttay, all in the County of Devon.

[3d July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, 1 G. 3. and altering, several Roads leading from Taviltock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon and whereas by one other Act 12 3-

made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of an Act paged in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading from Taviltock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in Taviltock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwellham and New Quay, in the said County: and whereas by one other Act made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His 24 G. 3-present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual so much of Two Acts made in the Second and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading from Taviltock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Guildhall in [Loc. Sif Per.] 14 H Taviftodk,

1226

Former Ail for making the new Road, &c. repealed.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook-Street, is Cherrvbrook and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwdlham and New Quay, in the J,aid County, as relates to the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock aforesaid, to Old Town Gate in Plymouth aforesaid, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock; certain Tolls were made payable, and certain Powers and Authorities given to the Trustees therein natried, for the Purpose of amending and keeping in Repair the several Roads therein mentioned: And whereas the said Trustees have proceeded in amending and repairing the Road from Tavistock, in the County of Devon, to the East End of Lwnborn Bridge, and from the West End of the said Bridge by Gulwortloy, to the East End of New Bridge in the Road from Tavistock to Callington, and also the Road homiTaviflock aforesaid through Milemead Lane, Lamerton Green, Tooldown, Milton Abbot, Church Town and Felldown Head, to the East End of Grefton Bridge in the Road to Launceston; and also the Road from Tavistock aforesaid, by Wringworthy-Lane-Head and Beardon, to a Place called Downtown Gate, in the Parish of Lidford; and also the Road, from Tavistock aforesaid, by Hurdwick, and over Heathfeld Down to a Public House, called Riccard’s House, in the Parish of Lamerton; and also the Road leading from the Guildhall of the said Borough of Tavistock, through certain Streets in the said Borough, called Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, over the River Tavy by Tavyion, over Little Down to the North-West End of Mcrrevil/e Bridge, and from the South-East End of the said Bridge, to the South-West End of a certain other Bridge or Bridges called Two Bridges in the Forest of Dartmoor, and from the North-East End of the fame Bridge or Bridges, to a certain Place called Cherrybrook in the said Forest, and from the North-East End of the said Bridge or Bridges called Two Bridges, to a certain other Place called Dunnabridge Pound in the fame Forest; and also the Road branching off from the Turnpike Road (which leads from Tavistock towards Callington), and leading from the said Turnpike Road through Morwellham Lane, by Hurlditeh Horn, over Morwellham Down, to certain Quays on the navigable River Tamer, called Morwellham and New Sfuay; and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, and arising on such Roads; which Sums Hill remain due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; and it would tend greatly to facilitate the Purposes of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, if such Part thereof were repealed, and further. an<| better Provision made for those Purposes; may it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Acts as relates to the repairing and widening of the Roads leading from Tavistock in the County of Devon to the East End of Lumborn Bridge, and from the West End of the said Bridge, by Gulworthy, to the East End of New Bridge, in the Road from Tavistock to Callington, and also the Road from Tavistock aforesaid, through Milemead Lane, Lamerton Green, Tooldown, Milton Abbot, Church Town and Felldown Head, to the East End of Grefton Bridge, in the Road to Launceston j and also the Road from Tavistock afore laid,

__________. , by

i

1227

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

by Wringworthy-Lane Head and Beardon, to a Place called Downtown Gale in the Parish of Lidford; and also the Road from TaviJlock aforesaid, by Hardwick and over Heathfield Down to a Public House, called Piccard’s House, in the Parish of Lamerton; and also the Road leading from the Guildhall of the said Borough of Tavistock, through certain Streets in the said Borough called Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, over the River Tavy by Tavyton, over Little Down to the North-West End of Merreville Bridge, and from the South-East End of the said Bridge, to the South-West End of a certain other Bridge or Bridges called Two Bridges, in the Forest of Dartmoor, and from the North East End of the fame Bridge or Bridges, to a certain Place called berry brook in the said Forest, and from the North-East End of the said Bridge or Bridges called Two Bridges, to a certain other Place called Dunnabridge Pound in the fame Forest; and also the Road branching off from the Turnpike Road,

(which leads from Tavistock towards Callington,) and leading from the said Turnpike Road through Morwellham Lane by Hurlditch Horn, over Mor-wetlham Down, to certain Quays on the navigable River Tamer, called Morwellham and New S>uay, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts contained, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purpose whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That Lord William RuJJill, Lord Robert Trustees. Spencer, William Adam, Isaac Abraham, John Abraham, Richard Abbott, Jonathan Arthur, Richard Arthur, Richard Arthur Son of Jonathan Arthur, Edward Bray, Edward Atkyns Bray, Henry Brandreth, William Bray, Edmund Bray, John Bray, Bidlake Bray, Daniel Beaumont, Thomas Pearce Brown, Samuel Brown, Joseph Hankins Burge, William Bredall,

William John Knighton Bredall, John Burgh, Henry Beauford, Henry Walter Beauford Clerk, John Bennett, John Bennett junior, George Barrington, William Bedford Clerk, Francis Bedford Clerk, William Bedford, William Blanchard, James Blanchard, George Bloye, George Bloye junior, Thomas Bate, Andrew Bray, John Phillipps Carpenter, John Carpenter, Jonathan Phillipps Carpenter, John Bidlake Herring Clobcry,

John Commins, John Carkett, Ralph Carter Cudlipp, William Bunney Cudlipp, Samuel Chubb, Charles Crapp, John Carter, John Carter junior,

George Cudlipp, Samuel Carter, William Crokcr, William Hugh broker,

John Carpenter Crcker, William Cornish, Thomas Cornish, Thomas Cornish Son of William Cornift}, Thomas Cole, John Cole ot Sowton Town, Walter Cole, James CroJJing, James Parson Crofting, Roger Chubb, John Cundy, Richard Curtis, Abraham Freeman Denis, Maurice Doidge, John Doidge,

John Doidge junior, Maurice Doidge Son of John Doidge, John Davy,

William Elf or d Clerk, William Evans Clerk, Edward Edgcumbe, John Edgcumbe, Theophilus Edwards Clerk, Richard Edgcumbe, John Edgcumbe,

Gabriel Edgcumbe, John Robinson Edgcumbe, Richard Ealcs, Right Honourable Richard Fitzpatrick, John Pierson Foot, John Jejford Ford,

William Friend, Daniel Friend, Thomas Gotobed, William Gill, John Gill,

John Gill junior, Thomas Gill, William Gill Son of John GUI, Roger Glanville, William Gill of Colccbarton, William GUI junior, John Gill Son of William GUI ot Colecharton, John GUI of Beardon, Charles Hall M.D.

Julius Hall, John Herbert, John Hombrook, William Harris Harness The mas Harness, Jacob Hombrook, Saunders Flornbrook, Saunders Horn-

brock

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

brook junior, William Hawke, Charles Hawke, William T. Hawke, Frauds Annejley Hughes, John Herring, Philip Herring, Thomas Harris, Samuel Harness Clerk, John Jago D. D , John Jago, Robert Jago, Nathaniel Jago, Darell Jago, George Jago, William Jago, Thomas Jope, Stephen Knighton, John Lloyd, William Lemon, Samuel Lang, Thomas Lang, Samuel Lang Son of Thomas Lang, John Lang, Thomas Lang junior, James Lethbridge, Richard Lethbridge, James Holman Mason Clerk, John Martineau, Joseph Murray, John Mason, Isaac Mason, John Hart Mason, Thomas Oliver, William Oliver, Henry Pengelly Clerk, Simon Pleace, John Pleace, Samuel Pearce Tregcare Parson, Edgcumbe Parson, Thomas Parson, Jonathan Pike, Rees Price Clerk, Richard Parson, Edmund Powell, John Perry, John Radcliffe, Coppleflone Radcliffe Clerk, Walter Radcliffe Clerk, Joseph Rowe, William Rundle, John Rundle, Nicholas Rundle, William Radford, William Radford junior, William Rookcr Clerk, John Rice, John Ridout, Jonas Ridout, John Rojkilly, John Rojkilly junior, Thomas Rojkilly, Thomas RofkUly junior, Richard Rundle, Edward Rundle, John Ryall, Daniel Rundle, Richard Sleeman Clerk, Peter Sleeman Clerk, Richard Sleeman, Herbert Sawyer, Henry Skinner, John Harrison Stapleton, John Budge Strong, William Slcnian, John Teafdale Spry Clerk, Thomas Tyrwhitt, Arthur Tremayne, Edmund Tyrwhitt, John Taylor junior, Henry Terrell, Philip Thorne, William Tooker, Francis Tozer, George Yeare, Oliver Vawdon, Oliver Vawdon junior, Richard Vyvyan Willesford Clerk, Richard Vyvyan Willesford Willesford, Thomas Windeatt, Thomas Windeatt junior, Thomas Windeatt Son of Thomas Windeatt junior, Francis Willesford, William Windeatt, John Davy Williams, Walter Wee he s junior, George Waldren, John Watkins Clerk, Walter Weekes, John Weekes, Daniel Ward, John Ward, Daniel Ward of Leigh, John Ward of Edgcumbe, John Ward Son of Daniel Ward of Leigh, John Ward Son of John Ward of Edgcumbe, and their Successars, to be elected in Manner hereinafter directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for amending, repairing, altering, widening, and improving the Road leading from Tavistock, in the County of Devon, to the East End of Lumborn Bridge, and from the West End of the said Bridge by Gulworthy, to the East End of New Bridge, in the Road from Tavistock to Callington, and also the Road from Tavistock aforesaid, through Milemead Lane, Lamerton Green, Tooldown, Milton Abbot, Church Town and Felldown Head, to the East End of Greston Bridge, in the Road to Launceston; and also the Road from Tavistock aforesaid, by Wringworthy Lane Head and Beardon, to a Place called Downtown Gate, in the Parish of Lidford; and also the Road from Tavistock aforesaid, by Hurd-wick, and over Heathfield Down to a Public House, called Riccard's House, in the Parish of Lamerton; and also the Road leading from the Guildhall of the said Borough of Tavistock, through certain Streets in the said Borough, called Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, over the River Tavy by Tavyton, over Littledown to the North-West End of Merrcville Bridge, and from the South-East End of the said Bridge, to the South-West End of a certain other Bridge or Bridges called Two Bridges, in the Eoreft of Dartmoor, and from the North-Eait End of the fame Bridge or Bridges, to a certain Place called Cherrybrook in the said Forest, and from the North-East End of the said Bridge or Bridges called Two Bridges, to a certain other Place called Dunnabridge Pound in the fame Forest, and also the Road branching off from the Turnpike Road, (which leads from Tavistock towards Callington,) and leading from the said Turnpike Road

through

1229

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

through Morwellham Lane, by Hurl ditch Horn, over Morwellham Down, to certain Quays on the navigable River Tamer, called Morwellham and New Stuay, and for otherwise carrying this present Act into Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees shall be No Act valid or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at unless at a some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be Meet|ng. herein excepted); and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act Maiorl granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Time to 'hViThole Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be Number n0i holden in pursuance of this Act, the Number of such Trustees present at being less every such Meeting not being less than Five, and all the Orders and than *',v£* Proceedings of the major Part of the Trustees present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were made

or done by all such Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees, a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so Chairman to happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon dP,o"."'-e ’ any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman) then and in such Case ,he catling it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or Vote, casting Vote.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Dif. Election of ability, of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors, Dew rrustee8> to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, to act in the Execution of

this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees, from Time to Time to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trusteein the Room of each Trustee so dying, or refusing, or being incapable of acting; and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be /landing on the said Roads, at lead Seven Days before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid, shall be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample a Maimer as the Trustee in whose room or (lead he shall have been so elected.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable Qualificatio« of a ding as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in lrulte£*-his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or

Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* of the dear Yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Peiional Estate of the Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person poffdLd of an Estate in Lands of the clear Yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds; and if any Person not being so qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted, shall prove that [Loc. Per.-} 14 / he

123°

Acts of Trustees not qualified, if done before Conviction, valid.

Vifluallers, &c. incapable of aflinjr, Sec.

Trustees may act as Justices, except where per-Tonally interested.

First Meeting of the Trustees.

Trullees to defray their own Expences.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Ptoof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, during such Time as he, she, or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of public Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, or Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they, do employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be justices of the Peace, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall meet at the Guildhall at Tavijlctk on the Wednesday Three Weeks after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there or at any other Place near to the said Roads, as to the said Trustees shall seem convenient, and at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act in the Execution of this Act, the Trustee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn such Meeting to some other Day, within Twenty-one Days then following, to be holden at the same Place; and the said Clerk shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be {landing on the said Roads, at least Seven Days before the Day to which such iv'ieeting shall be so adjourned; and the said Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences; and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of ally Meetir.p as aforesaid, it shall at any Time or Times be thought necessary that a Meeting of the Trustees should be holden on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing,

signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time and Place, and Purpose, of such earlier Meeting, being given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting, shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case such Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding, made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of he revoked, this Act, shall be Tevoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at !^at *or a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice, speci- |he Vjrpoie. fying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by the nor unless a Clerk to the said Trustees, be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes Majority of that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at lead Twenty-one Days before thr'pinion* such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Four Fifths of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revocation or Alteration, and a greater Number of Trustees shall be present at such subsequent Meeting, than were present at the Meeting when

such Order, Appointment, or Proceeding were had or made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be Proceedings provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries 10 be enut' to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, relative to ed‘

the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books, being signed by the Chairman and Clerk then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and that such Book or Books shall at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of the Creditors on the Tolls hereby granted and made payable; and that any of the said Trustees and Creditors shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceeding One hundred Words the Sum of Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Words.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Book or Entries of Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings Proceedings relating or in any wise appertaining to the several Roads directed to be ^3 [good amended, widened, and repaired, by virtue of this Act, of any of the Evidence. Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting by and under the Authority of the said recited Acts or any of them (such Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books according to the Directions of, and made Evidence by the said recited Acts or any of them) shall be and be deemed to be

good

1*3*

Meetings on Emergencies.

No Order to

1232

Trustees to ppooitit Officers;

and remove them; and allow them Salaries.

Trustees to take Security from the Treasurer. Officers to account.

Treasurer to account Yearly, on Oath.

H0 GEORGII III. Cap. 56.

good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint a Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and a Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, and a Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and also such other Officers and Persons for the Execution of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and from Time to Time remove such Officers and Persons respectively, as the said Trustees shall fee Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salat ies. Wages, and Allowances, to the said Officers and other Persons, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer and other Officer, for the due Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for whatPurpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the last Wednesday in the Montfp of October Yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees), lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed by them, if approved of; and all the said Officers so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver to the said Trustees,or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, within Ten Days next after being the reunto requited by the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Officer, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees rel'pefting. the fame, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or wilful Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Officer so refusing or wilfully negkfting shall be or reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Officer so refuling or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Conleilion of the Party, or by the Testitnony of any credible

Witness

1233

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Witness or Wknesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Mo* nies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Officer, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cauie such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels; or if it iha.ll appear to such Justice that such Officer shall have refused or wilfully neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify7 the same as afotresaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, thereto remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for such Money, and shall have paid such Coinpo-fttion in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Treasurer and Trea- Officers aft-furers. Clerk and Clerks, and all and every other Person and Persons 1^tu"^egalih< appointed by virtue of, or acting, or who have acted in Execution of the said recited Acts, or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the fe- count to the veral Hoads to be amended, widened, and repaired by virtue of this Act, Trustees on-who shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Power; 'any Monies col- derlh’5 lested by virtue of, or any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, shall, when thereunto required by Notice in Writing, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place1 or Places of Abode, within Ten Days after the Receipt of stich Notice, deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons appointed by them for that Purpose, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in fitch Notice, all the Monies received by him, her, or them, by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, and all the Books, Papers, and

Writings, relating to the Execution thereof, and all the Accounts of the several Monies received or disbursed by him, her, or them, together with the Vouchers relating thereto 5 and every such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Person so accounting,' shall upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) verify all their said Accounts; and if any such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall refute, or wilfully neglect to make and render, or to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating thereto, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up in Manner aforesaid all Books, Papers, and Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such £C*r. fs5 Per.] t$K Roads

1234- 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Roads, or give Satisfaction to the faitl Trustees in respect to the fame, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting, shall be or reside, upon Complaint made to him by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person so refusing or neglecting, to appear before him, and upon his appearing or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in ' a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, shall be due from such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person as aforesaid; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling such Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Person, shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to such Roads, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurer, Clerk or other Person, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and make Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees for the said Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), and until he shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof, to the said Trustees.

On the

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and

Death of a for any Two or more of the said Trustees hereby appointed, upon the

Tru'lee'nia ^eat^’ Neglect, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, of any Collector of the

nominatemay Tolls hereby granted, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and another until appoint some other fit Person in his or her Place, until the next Meeting the next of the Trustees of the said Roads, which Person so to be nominated and

Meeting. appointed, shall have the like Power and Authority, and be accountable

in the same Manner in all Respects, as the Person in whose Room or If discharged Stead he or she shall be so appointed; and that if any Collector of the Gatekeeper said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his or her Office by the said Truf-Uver u' 'toU* teeSj retufe to deliver up the Possession of the Toll House, Buildings, House^&c! and Appurtenances, which he or she enjoyed in Right of his or her

Appoint-

1235

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Appointment to that Office, within Two Days after the Notice given to him or her, or left at such Toll House, in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them; or if the Wife or Family of any such Collector who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be in Possession of the Premises by any Means whatsoever, shall refuse to deliver up such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Four Days after Notice of such new Appointment being made as aforesaid shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at such Toll House, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, then and in either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where such Toll House shall stand or be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such Toll House and Premises in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such Toll House and other Premises, and to put the new appointed Collector in Possession thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to continue the several Turnpikes already erected on the said Roads, and (in case they shall think proper) to cause to be erected such and so many other Turnpikes, to secure the Tolls hereby granted, upon or across the said Roads, and on or near the Sides thereof, in, near unto, or across, any Lanes or Ways leading or that may hereafter lead out of the fame, and to continue the present Toll Houses, and to ere£f or cause to be erected such and so many other Toll Houses as they shall think proper; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, in Manner herein directed for the purchasing or taking Land for the turning or widening of the said Roads, to purchase and take Land sufficient for such Toll House or Toll Houses, with necessary Accommodations thereto, and from Time to Time remove, alter, or discontinue, such Turnpikes and Toll Houses, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think meet and expedient; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, at the said Turnpikes, the Tolls following, before any Horse, or other Bead; or Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say,) For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Three Shillings: For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Two Shillings: For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence: F'or every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Car, Calash, Chair, Caravan, Hearse, or Litter, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, the Sum of Nine Pence: For every Chaile, Car, or Chair, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, the Sum of Four-Pence Halfpenny: For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Dray, drawn, by Four or more Horses,

- *7 Oxen,

any Justice may cause him to be put out.

Trustees empowered to erefl Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and receive Tolls.

1236 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

Oxen, or other Beads, the Sum of Nine-Pence for each Horse, Gelding, Mare, or Ox, or other Beall so drawing therein: For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Dray, drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Bealls, the Sum of One Shilling; and by One Horse or other Bead the Sum of Sixpence: And for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Burden, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny: And for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three- Pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or lei's Number: And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-Pence pep Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Increased

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Toll on San- for the respective Toll Gatherers or Collectors on the said Roads, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night) in each and every Year, to demand and take for and in respect of every Horse, Bead, and other Cattle whatsoever, passing through any Gate or Turnpike upon the said Roads, or any of them (other than Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Asses, laden or unladen, and not drawing), double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded and taken for the fame respectively on any other Day, by virtue of this Act; and for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Burden* laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-Pence, before such Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Tolls shall be and they are hereby veded in the said Trustees, and a Table thereof shall be put up and continued at each and every Turnpike erected on the said Roads, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons who shall by virtue of this Act be appointed Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand, collect, and receive the Toils hereby granted; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or tefufe to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector to seize and didrain, or cause to be seized and didrained, any Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Cattle chargeable with the said Tolls, or their Bridles, Saddles, Hamefs, or Accoutrements, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Five Days next after fetch Seizure and Didrefs made* the ' Collector so seizing and didraining , shall and may fell or cause to be sold the Horse or Horles, Beads or other Cattle, and their Bridles, Sad* dies, Harndfs, or Accoutrements so- seized and didrained, or any Part thereof, at or near the Turnpike where the said Tolls ought to have been paid, tendering-the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Owner of Owners thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges for ditlrain-ing, keeping, and felliritj the farhe, shall be deducted.

In case of XfX. Provided always and be it enacted, That if any Dispute shall hap-ccrmngToHs Peri ‘^nout the Quantity Of the Toll* due, or the Charges of didraining.

Tolls vested in the Trolled.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

keeping, and felling any Distress, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector ot Person so distraining, to detain the Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of the Tolls, or the Charges of distraining, keeping, and felling the Distress, as the Case may be, shall be ascertained byfome Justice of the Peace for the County, City* or Place, wherein such Dispute shall happen to ari:e, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the said Matter by Oath of tho Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Quamiiy of Tolls dire, and shall also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs; all which Sum or Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of the Turn-pikes and Toll Houses erected by vinue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, on the Roads directed to be amended, widened, or repaired, by virtue of this Act, and of all the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and other Buildings to be erected by virtue of this Act, with the Ground, Fences, and Appurtenances thereto respectively, and of all Mile Stones and Ports erected and to be erected, and also of all Materials, Tools, and Implements, which are or shall be provided for making and repairing the said Roads, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, shall be vetted in the said Trustees hereby appointed, and they are hereby empowered to cause any Action to be brought, and any Bill or Bdls of Indictment to be preferred, against any Person or Persons who shall Ileal, break down, take away, injure, or l'poil any such Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, Fences, Mile Stones, Posts, or any i'uch Materials, Tools, or Implements, as aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be courtrued to extend, so as to enable any Collector of the said Tolls to demand or take any more than-One Toll in any One Day (such Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) from any Person or Persons, for or in respect of the fame Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, passing and repafting through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads, all and every such Person and Persons producing a T icket, denoting that the said Toll hath been paid in that Day for or in respect thereof respectively on the said Roads, which Ticket the said Collector is hereby required to deliver, gratis, on the Payment of such Toil.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, or any of them, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees shall not be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of ljis, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

XXIII. And, for preventing the evading of the Payment of the said Tolls, Be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall give, offer,

[Lee. Per.2 14 L or

1237

and Charges, the Matter to be settled by a Justice.

Turnpikes vested in the Trustees.

Tolls to be taken but Ouce a Day.

Collectors of Tolls to be competent Witnesses.

Penalty on evading the Tolls.

1238

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

ot- dispose of to, or receive from any other Person or Persons any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall counterfeit or knowingly make use of any counterfeited Ticket in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands adjoining to the said Roads near unto any Turnpike erected thereon, shall permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pass through or over any Part of his, her, or their said Lands, with any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall ride or drive any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, through or over any Way or Passage (not being a public Way or Passage) or through or over any Lands adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, or near to any of the said Turnpikes, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Bead from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, is or shall be avoided, every such Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Exemption;.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or with Turf, Peat, Coppice Wood, Faggots, or other Wood, Furze, or Coals for Fuel only, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, or Wool not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Oothouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning front carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Lime, Sea Sand, Culm for burning Lime, Muck, Mould, Dung, Comp'od, or Manures employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on any Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die, and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his parochial or miniderial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back front conveying the lame; or for any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, which shall be employed in the Carriage of Wool, Serges, Cloth,

or

44° GEORGII IH. Cap. 76.

or other Woollen Goods, Raw Hides, Skins, and Leather to or from the House of any Inhabitant of any of the said Parishes, Tythings or Places in which the said Roads lie, to or from any Ground, Fulling Mill, Tenter or Rack, Tanyard, Limepits, or Drying Houses in the same Parish, belonging to or occupied by such Inhabitant where the same shall be manufactured or dried; or for any Horse or other Beast or Cattle going to or returning from any Mill or Mills, loaden with, or returning, having been only louden with any Corn, Grain, Malt or Grid, belonging to any Inhabitant of the Parish, Tything or Place wherein such Mill or Mills shall respectively lie; or for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Beast. or Cattle, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Devon, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at any Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which One Calendar Month’s JhgC’ Notice shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (land- f t ing on the said Roads, from Time to Time, to lessen or reduce all or any the Creji-Part or Parts of the Tolls granted by this Act, and also any additional tors;

Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall feern fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and after- an(j ,fter-wards, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time if ward* »<*-they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or varce theal reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates *Slln-granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force and Etfed with respect to Overweights: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money charged and borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts (so far as the fame relate to the several Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired by virtue of this Act) and of this Act, or of any of them, shall not have been paid and discharged, the Tolls hereby granted shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said Act, (so far as the fame relate to the several Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired, by virtue of this Act,) and of this Act, or of any of them.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Tolk ma^ and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, be leu upon Twenty-one Days Notice being affixed on all and every the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the said Roads, to let or farm the . *6 Tolls

1239

Trustees may reduce the

1240

Le(Tee.<, or Persons appointed by them, may collect the Toll!.

Traftees may compound ibr Tolls.

Old Securities >o be good.

Trttlleestnay borrow Mo-*ey.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76,

Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, at and for the largest Yearly Sum that can be rea-fonably got for the fame; provided that the Leases, Contrafts, or Agreements, of or for the fame, be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by any Seven or more of the said Truliees; but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time, and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls, shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so as that One Monthly Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security shall be given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contraft, Or- Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Person or Persons as he or they shall, by Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, authorize or appoint to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions arid Prosecutions as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to compound with any Person or Persons for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year for any Horses, Beasts or Cattle, passing on the said Roads, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of such Horses, Beasts, or other Cattle, and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance Quarterly or otherwise, as the said Truliees shall appoint; and in Default thereof every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Bonds, Mortgages, Assignments, Grants, Conveyances, Leases, and other Securities, made or granted to or by auy Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic', Corporate, or Collegiate, or any others whomsoever, acting by or under the Authority of the said Acts or any of them, so far as the fame relate to the several Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired, by virtue of this Act, shall be as good, valid, binding, and effectual, for and during the Continuance of this Act, as if such Part of the said recited Acts as relates to such Roads had not been repealed j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX. And, for the more speedy raising such further Money as may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered.

1241

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

powered, from Time to Time, to borrow and take up at Interest: such Sum or Sums of Money, as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over or mortgage the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, and the several Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected or to be erected on the said Roads (the Charges of such Assignments and Mortgages to be paid out of the said Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Interest to be paid and payable by equal Quarterly Payments, at the Dwelling House of the Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Words or to the ES'eft following:

" J^Y Virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-fourth " Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [&/ forth the Title of this AtY\ We whole Names are hereunto subscribed and " Seals affixed (being Trustees acting in Execution of the said Act), in " Consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer of

" the said Roads, in Hand paid by A.B. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, t: and demise unto the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and

" Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, " and also of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses, for collecting the fame, as " the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the

" whole Sum charged and advanced or to be charged or advanced on " the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this " Day of in the Year of our Lord

" for and during the Continuance of the said Act, un-

" less the said Sum of with Interest

" after the Rate of per Centum per Annum,

" shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and

" Seals, this Day of in the Year of

" our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and such Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, and the Mortgages or Assignments which were made in the Manner and Form prescribed by the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the several Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired, by virtue of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments respectively, have been or shall be made as aforesaid, or who are or shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time assign and transfer the fame Security or Securities respectively, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all their Right, Title, and Interest, to the Principal and Interest Money thereby respectively secured, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, in the Words or to the Effect following:

[Lee. &Fcr.] i+M " I A. B.

Form of Mortgages.

Copies of Mortgages to be entered.

Transfer of Mortgages.

1242

Form of Tramfer.

Notice of

Transfers to be given to the Clerk in ThreeCalen-dar Months.

Trustees to give Twenty-one Days Notice, previously to borrowing Money. Trustees may turn or alter the Course of any Part of the Roads;

and may con-trad! for the Purchase of

44° GEORGII nr. Cap. 76.

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of secured

" to Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

" by virtue of a Mortgage or Assignment, bearing Date the " Day of under the Hands and Seals of of

" the Trustees acting in Execution of an Act of Parliament, made in the " Forty.fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled " [Se/ forth the Title of this Act] or made in the Second, Twelfth, or " Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, " [Sef forth the Title of the said recited Acts, as the Case may be] upon the " Credit of the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in " and to the fame, and all the Principal and Interest Money now due and " owing thereon, unto C.D. Executors, Administrators and

" Assigns. Dated this Day of in the Year

" of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk to the said Trustees, within Three Calendar Months next after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum of Money therein mentioned to be transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages or Assignments to be made by virtue of this Act, and for which Entry the Clerk who shall enter the same shall be paid Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and after such Entry or Memorial made thereof as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons making such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or the Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Alignments or Transfers, shall be made as aforesaid (as well such Mortgages or Assignments made by virtue of the said recited Acts, so far as the fame relate to the several Roads to be amended, widened, or repaired, by virtue of this Act, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or of the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments: Provided nevertheless, that before any Sum or Sums of Money shall be taken up or borrowed, Twenty-One Days Notice at the least shall be given of the Intention of borrowing such Money, by affixing the fame on all and every the Turnpike Gates erected on the said Roads.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to divert, widen, turn, shorten, vary, or alter, the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the Roads comprized in this Act, and that any Variation of Road may be made of any Width not exceeding Sixty Feet through any Common or Waste Ground, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through any private or inclosed Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may sustain thereby; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for their Clerk, or any other Person or Persons by them

44° GEORGII III. Cap.'jb. 1243

shem duly authorized and deputed for that Purpose, by Order of a Meet- Lands for ing of the said Trustees, to treat, contract, and agree, with the Owners purfoft-of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons interested may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, or any Part thereof, shall and may, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees, be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trullees shall think convenient, and shall, by such Person or Persons as they shall order and appoint, be sufficiently drained, ditched, and fenced out for that Purpose; and after the said Lands or Grounds shall be so drained, ditched, and fenced out, the fame shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be, and be deemed and taken to be a public and common Highway, ard to be Pan of the Roads to be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the old Road was and ought to have been kept in Repair; and after any such Lands shall be made Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, the Lands and Grounds comprized in or constituting the former Road, in lieu whereof such Lands or Grounds shall be purchased as aforesaid, shall be sold by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become a Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the belt Price that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame; and the Conveyance thereof being executed by the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Devon, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Corpora-and forall Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate tion'- &c-or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians,

Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whotxisoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trulls, Idiots, Lunatics, or other Persons under any Disability of acting

for themselves; and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Trullees for the absolute Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein, and to convey the same to the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales and Conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that all such Feoffees in Trust, Executors, AdmL nifirators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or dole, and other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, [>"rC(-on5°r(e.

Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, f,sing 10 or Hereditaments, which the said Trullees shall judge necessary or treat, or not proper to be purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, *|e

or any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Ag- jf^Rceom-

gregate pence.

*244

Verdict of the Jury to be final.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

gregate or Sole, Feoffees, Guardians, Husbands, Committees, or othetf Trustees, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Clerk or Head Officer of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees, shall, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, negted or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of Devon, (which Oaths the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons interested, for or upon Account of the taking or using of fitch Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act; and in order thereto the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to sum-tnon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises, and shall examine such Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath (which Oath the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and requited to administer), and they shall order and cause the said Jury to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict, or Inquisition and Judgment, Order or Determination, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons, anywise interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thencefonh, to all Intents and Purposes, diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, or Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money so assessed to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or (in case of Refusal to accept such Money) upon paying the fame into the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to cause the Premises, in re-sped whereof such Money shall be assessed, to be disposed of, and such Acts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase or Consideration Money had been received by the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and for summoning and returning any such Jury, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants, ligned by any Three or more of them, to

i

It'

f«

fjS

St

W

n

ri

.1

jf

k

1

a

p

i

iif

in

th

so

ii 4 4 i < 1 1

: 4? -? U W

1245

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

the Sheriff of the said County of Devon, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff to impannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy, is hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twenty-four Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so itnpannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear according to or upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Persons, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Dtfault of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be speedily procured or fumtnoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve:

Provided always, that all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Jury miy be Challenges against any of the Jurymen to be summoned in pursuance ih.Iiengtd. of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any Action depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at (Vcstminster, is or shall be by Law entitled to; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered SSrriff, &c. to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, or his Deputy, av b- fi-d who (hill make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons Qf ol'ty' who shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury, and shall not appear, or after having appeared shall reftife to be Iwo/n on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give hi* or their Verdict on the Matter in question or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein, and on any of the Persons who being summoned or required'to give Evidence before the said Jury, touching the Premires, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refule to be sworn or be examined, or give Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course Owners of or any Part of the said Roads shall be altered by this Act, and a k? m new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer neA [tout of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to the Owner of such to h «e the adjoining Land which shall be cut and uled for the Purpose of making fiit Offer of such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming ,he o|a *<oad. the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall (til! be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and afrertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance cf this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by a Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refule to pay such Money, upon Demand made ihereof by th?

Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and Tender of tht Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or shall retule to purchase any such old Ri ad, it shall and may be Iawtul to and for any Person or Purloin, not intcreffed in the Premises, to make an affidavit to be (worn Leioie a M iter Extraordinary of the High Court of Cuaucety, or before one ol His M,.jcf-ty’s Justices of the Peace for the Count) cf Devon, Hating that iudi Oiler

\_Loc. Es5 Per. J 14 N has

1246

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road, as the Case may be, and such Affidavit shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the first Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid: Provided also, that if such Owner or Owners rel'pec-tively shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

livwhcm ite

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall and returning such Jury, as a Reconrpence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for less Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning

Trustees out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no- more or for less Money than shall by or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Costs and Charges of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Colts and Expences shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace, not interested in the Matter in question, and within whose Jurisdiction such Controversy or Dispute shall arise (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame), and shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Muney advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment and lender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged j or otherwise such Costs and E.vpences, in cale the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be re-

p"n -5.where are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Pro-Prrfonr.from vided always, that in all Cates where any Person or Persons shall by reason Abtence, are of A'oltnce have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such froa>etreat- ^ofts and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Man-

be paid* l° or on Behalf of the said Trustees have been offered, before the summoning

and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said

Trustees to p.y Ex-

covereu by the Clerk to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as

ing.

ner aforesaid.

XXXVI. Pro

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 76. 1247

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Hotifes, &c. contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said 1'° b"ln* Tndlees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling Moiife or other 1 Building, or an\ Garden. Orchard, Yard, Park. Paddock, plumed Walk,

cr Avenue to a House, without the Con font of the Owners of Proprietors t hereof.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, AophcatK or agreed or awarded to be paid, lor the Purchase of any Lands, Tcne- «i Compen. ments, or Hereditaments purchased, t:ken, or used by virtue of the am'aVting ;< Powers of this Add, lor the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any t:0

Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Adrninifdrator, Husband, GuarJi.m, Committee, or other Truldee,

for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other CeOuicjue Trull, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in Uriel or other Settlement; or to any Person under any other Disabiltty or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money, fn II, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, wi.h all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the T ullees for executing this Add, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direcdion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signiried by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Fronts of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or R.demption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affedding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and invelted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilding, undetermined, and capable of taking Effedd; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the aid Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby diitcico to be purchased by virtue of this A£d, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

248

Application of Compen-faiion if less than 2C0/, and exceeding 20/.

Application of Compensation, if left than 20/.

In case of

not n». king out I’nles;

or if Per Tons cannot be found, Purchase Money to the paid into the Bank;

subject to the Ortiei of the Courr of Chancery, on M non or Petition,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Mantle: herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Three or more of the said Trustees for executing this Art (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchaTed, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Morley (half be paid to his, h.r, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons lo entitled respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded ror the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Art, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trultres; or in case such Person or Persons to whom filth Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be nor known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trullees, or any Three or more of thein, to order ne laid Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privily of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties iiicereited in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m); subject to the Older, Controul, and Dilpulhion of the said Court of Chancery; which laid Court of Charicfcfy on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum 01 Sums ol Money or

any

1249

44 GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

any fart thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a fuinmary Way of Proceeding or other wise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or C.alhiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is or aTe hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sunt or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall atife touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities, to be putchafed with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such fiank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possessioo of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Petlons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the TofTefiion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satlsfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-tnents, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and to and for all such [lor. fs* Per.j] 14 0 Persons

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid to the Person who shall be in Possession of the Landt&c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession, unless. Sec.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

For getting Materials to repair the Roads.

»25o

4.4.0 GEORGII1 HI. Cap. 76.

Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig', get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Beach, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, out of or from any Common or Wade Ground, River or Brook, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired, shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Townftu’p, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing oft’ such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or other Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, atteiled and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons, where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds, where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall jndge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid; and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Juf* tices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away or over, on Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

Notice to be given to the Occupiers of inclosed Lands before Materials are to be taken.

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing such Roads, out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City, or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor, dr other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

terials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justices shall feerri proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himfetf or his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XI.V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall takeaway any Gravel or Materials, which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, Waffe, or Grounds, River, or Brook, for the Purpose of amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds, adjoining'or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Roads, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House) to be made Use of as a public Highway, whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Roads are widening ot repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively, through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then and in every such Case the Justices of the Peace, at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for tive laid County of Devon, next after the F.xpiration of Thirty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame j and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Three or

more

1251

Penalty on taking away Materials got by Order of the Surveyor*

Surveyor to make Drains, See.

Making reasonable Satisfaction

In case of Difference, Justices in bessions to determine the same.

Surveyor may remove Annoyancca.

1252

Penalty on drawing Timber or Stone on the Roads, /nherwife than upon a Wheel Carriage.

Roads to be measured, and Mile-stones to be let up.

Penalty on damaging

Mileltones.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

more of the said Trustees) front Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any l’art or Pari i of the said Roads, by Rails, Steps, Sign Polls, or other Pods, and also by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourl'es, Sinks, or Drains, running in o, along, or out of any' Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they Ih.ill think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bufbes growing in any Part of the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyances, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such frees or Bullies, (halt refuse or neglect to do so for the Space of Ten Days next alter Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refuting or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Diitrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety (half be applied to the Purpol'es of this Act.

1

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon-any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, orany Stone, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, which shall be conveyed upon any Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of such Roads to,the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings. r

..t ,; t ' . ' ,t,

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Diltance of One Mile from each other, and Pods to be erected to denote the Diilance of every such Polt from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Polls upon such Parts of the said Roads where the same are crofted or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw' down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any of the Stones or Polls erected or to be erected on any Part of the said Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks in-feribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any of the Stones or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges or Arches on any Part of the said Roads, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone, Pod, or Parapet Wall, so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Fi-1 2 gures.

12 53

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. ?6.

gures, or Mark?, shall be so obliterated or defaced. One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wil- For prevent-fully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or ^eAn^"y* shall ride on or drive, or lead any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Polls or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Beall, drawing any Plough upon Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall scrape off’any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing, which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry (without some reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice before whom the Person so offending shall be sum-mcned or conveyed, in order to his Conviction, or except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the fame fit a 11 be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be) in, upon, or on the Sides of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Timber, Wood, or Bushes, or any Stones,

Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Annoyance whatsoever, upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or Annoyance of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Ten Shillings or more than Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LI. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act, may be power to transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers Collectors, under this Act; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful &c-to detain to and for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers re- £"rf"°7n spectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty guilty of of any Offence against this Act, and forthwith to convey him, her, or Offences, them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County,

City, or Place, where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law Persons are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable to- chargeable to wards tepairing and amending the Roads hereby directed to be made, wi- Statute Work dened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in on inue like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any ju(iicts to Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Devon, and they determine are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by Differences {Loc. Per.] 14 P the

Work.

4V GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, Yearly, to adjudge arid determine what fart or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for fuel) Statute Work'as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Tr 11ftees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor ot Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Stature Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid, which Lifts ol Names Arall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and lifted for the Repaiis of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons, who flrall appear to be subject and liable to Siarute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reason-able; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and di-red the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person, who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the public Highways J and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught

had

i2 55

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

had rot been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, ail which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said. Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs of Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Patifli, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Paiiih or 1 lace shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

1.1V. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall in the first Place be paid and defrayed out of any Monies received or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, on the several Roads to be amended by virtue of this Act, or out of the first Monies borrowed, received, or collected, by virtue of or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder thereof shall from Time to Time be applied in repaying the Monies borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts on the Credit of the Tolls collected on such Roads, and to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and the Interest thereof respectively, and in carrying this Act into Execution.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Devon where the Offence shall happen (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath); and the Overplus, if any, of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress, and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in 2 case

Trustfej may compound for Siaute Work.

Application of Money.

Recovery

and Application of Penalties.

1256

Actions to be brought in the Names of the T rcafurer or Clerk, or One of the Trustees;

but neither of them to be liable to the Payment of Coils.

Appeal.

Distress r.ot to be unlawful for want of Form.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery theteof, shall be sooner fully paid and l'atisfied.

LV1. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said l rustees, against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees, and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be brought; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Colts or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, he.rfelf, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place (within which the Matter of Appeal shall arise) next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at lead, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance, before some Justice of the Peace for such County, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abidij the Order, and Award of the said Court thereon; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and all such Determinations shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made fqr,any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser on account of any Defeat or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fa distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such

I257

4° GEORGII lit. Cap. 76.

Irrecrularirv, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage iu an A Sion upon the Cafe.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgment, or other Proceedings, made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such A tion shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such, Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they, shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Devon, and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants} and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared} or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

H-SL

Proceedings nor ro be quashed lor want of Form, or removable by Certiorari.

Plaintiffs not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

Limitatioa of AdUoni

[Public Act.]

I258

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 76.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the Wednesday Three Weeks after the passing thereof, and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1&04.

) ImiJ

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

e*lMt iMr*lMS*

An Act for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street to Palace Street, within

WHEREAS there is not at present any direct and convenient, S:reet or Road for Carriages to pass from the High Street and several other Parts of the City of Canterbury, into the Turnpike Road leading from the said City to the Isle of Thanet, and other Places to the Northward of the fame City, to which there is a great Reforc of Persons and Carriages: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Safety and Accommodation as well of all Persons resorting to those Places, as of the Inhabitants of the said City, and likewise be of great publick Utility, if a new Street should be made from the said Street called The High Street, to a certain other Street in the said City

Cap. 77.

the said City.

f Lot. fc? Per.]

14 R

called

1262

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

called Palace Street, which immediately communicates with the said Turnpike Road: And whereas the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury and County of the lame City are seised in Fee Simple of a capital Messuage, late an Inn, called The Red Lion, and divers Coach-houses. Stables, Outbuildings, and Ground, lying on the Line of the said intended new Street; and the said Mayor and Commonalty are willing, *or such publick Safety and Accommodation, to take down such Parts of their said Capital Messuage, Coachhouses, Stables, and Buildings, as shall he found necessary to open and make the said new-intended S.reet, and are willing to purchase such other Messuages. Buildings, and Ground, as are Banding, lying, and being on the Line of the said new-intended Street, and to open, lay out, and make such new Street; and are also desirous that proper Houses and Bti ldinus should be erected on each Side thereof: But, as such bcn.ficiai Purposes cannot be elseft-d without the Authority of Parliament: May it therelorc please Your Ma-jdty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and wi h the Advice and Conl’ent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-xcw sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Mayor and Com-

i om th High monalcy of the City of Canterbury and County of the fame City shall be,

lTrir< fa" anc' tlle/ are hereby empowered to elefign, lay cut, open, and make a

spacious and convenient S rect, ir >in the High Street aforesaid, into the said Street called Palace Street, to c >mmence in the said High Street, at the Souih-east Corne of the Gu ldlull of the said City, where their said capital Me flu age, lately called The Red Lion Inn, Hands, and to proceed

from thrncc Northward unto th South End of Palace Street, near to

the East End of a certain other Street called Orange Street, where a Dwelling House, in the Occupation of J;hn Keeler, now stand«, and that the said new Street is intended to contain on the South End thereof, next the said Street called The High Street, Thirty-four Feet in Width, and at the North End thereof, next the said Street called Palace Street, Twenty-six Feet in Width; and that when the said new-intended Street shall be so laid out and made, the same shall for ever afterwards be deemed a publick tomni.n Street and Highway-, and that the said Mayor and Comm nalty, their Successors and ATgns, shall and they art hereby required, at their own proper Costs and Charges, in the first Ic.fiance, to cause t'e said intended new Street to be well and fulfil lently paved, in the same Manner as the otherprincip.il Streets of the said City are paved; and when and so faon as the said new Street shall be paved ami completed, all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in a certain Act of Parliament, made in t-e Twency-'evemh Year of the Reign of His p'efent Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and ether publick Passages and Places, within the IV iis of the City of Canterbury and the Liberties thereof, and also several Streets and other Places near or adjoining to the said City, and for removing and preventing Inc, achrnents, Objlruf/ions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, flia I, lo tar as the same are applicable, and are not hereby altered, varied or repealed, be applied and prafti'ed for the Purpose of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said new-intended Street, and for removing and preventing

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 77. 1263

venting Incroachments.Obstructions, Nuisances, ami Annoyances therein, in as full and ample Manner, in every Respecft, as if the said new-intended Street had been opened, made, and completed, at the Time of the passing of the said Act.

II. And whereas it will be necessary, in order to lay out and make the Houses, ev. said new Street, that several Houses and other Buildings, or such Part ,aken or Parts thereof as are (landing, lying, and being on the Line of the said intended-new Street, should be taken down, and the Sates thereof made use of for that Purpose; be it therefore further enabled,

That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and their Corporation Successors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause to "f Cum.rbuty be taKcn down the several Houses and Buildings, and Parts of Houses purch'ife.'fiY. and Buildings, herein-after particularly mentioned; (that is to say),

Pam of a certain Drying Room and Oil House, now or late in the Occupation of William Harnett j Part of a Chapel or Meeting House, called The Prcjbyterian CLapel; the aforesaid Dwelling House now or late in the Occupation of the said John Keeler; the Walh House belonging to a certain Messuage or Tenement thereunto adjoining, now or late in the Occupation ot James White-, and also a certain other Messuage or Tenement, now or late in the Occupations of William Keen and George Keen also adjoining the said Dwelling House of the said John Keeler; and also to enter upon, take, and use Part of the Yard or Ground belonging to the said Messuage or Tenement, now in the Occupation of the said James White, and Part of the Yard or Ground belonging to a Messuage in the Occupation of Copper Chapman, and for that Purpose to purchase the Fee Simple of such of the before-mentioned Premises as do not now belong to the said Mayor and Commonalty.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Houses, ev. for the said Mayor and Commonalty, their Successors and Assigns, to not Specified, purchase, take down, take and use any other Houses, Buildings, or ten without Grounds, situate upon or near the Line of the said intended new Street, the Owner* which, by the said Mayor and Commonalty in Burghmote assembled, Confenu shall be thought necessary or proper for making the said intended new

Strcer, or erecting or maintaining Dwelling Houses or other Buildings by the Sides thereof: Provided always, that no House, Building, Land, cr Tenement, or any Part thereof, except those herein particularly mentioned, shall be purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, without the Content of the Owner or Owners thereof.

IV. Provided also, That before any House or Building, or any Part Confidentim iherecf, shall be taken down, or any Ground taken or made use of by virtue ^Sered’ar of this Act, the said Mayor and Commonalty shall in Manner herein- paid.

after mentioned, pay or tender such Price or Satisfjftion for the same to or ter the resptdlive Owners or Proprietors of and Pe fons interested in such Houses and other Grounds, as shall be agreed up' n b-tw-i n the said Mayor and Commonalty, in Burehmcte assembled, and such Owners, and Proprietors, or Persons interested, or as shall be ascertained and assess.d by a Jury as herein-after mentioned, in case the Parties cannot ygrec on the Price.

1264

bodies roll-

tick, etc. empowered to

fell.

If Parties do rot agree Juries':o settle ttie Pi ice.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.ni.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all Bodies Policick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, Ftoff.es, Guardians, Committees, and all other Persons, not only for and on B half of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised in their own Right, ard to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever Who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any of such Houses or Buildings, or Parts of Houses or Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which, by the said Mayor and Commonalty in Burgiimote assembled, shall be thought necessary to be purchahd lor any of the Purposes of this Act, to sell and convey, assign or surrender, all or any such Houfrs, Buildings, or Parts of Houses or Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any of them, or any Part or Parcel theitof, and all their respective Interrfts therein of whac Nature or Kind loever, to the said Mayor and Commoniliy, and their Successors, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for them; and that all Cor.rrafts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Assignments, Surrenders, and Afluiances, which shall be made with or to the said Mayer and Commonalty, or such Person or Persons in Trust for them as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective C Jiuique Trusts, whether Infants or Hue unborn, Lunatick5, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whemfeever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and that all such Persons lo conveying as aforesaid, or making such Assurances as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Mauer or Form whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that any Bodies Politick, Corporate, of Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons seised or possessed of, or interested in any such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid (other rhan and except the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors) shall refuse or for the Space of One Calendar Month mxt after Notice in Writing to him, her, or thim given for that Purpose, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Abode, or with the Tenant in Possession of the Premises proposed to be taken for ilie Purposes of this Act, shall neglect to treat, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree wiih the said Mayor and Commonalty or with any Person or Persons authorized by them for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Intrrefts therein, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Post’eflion of, or to the Interests they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor and Commonalty

1265

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

in Burghmote assembled, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Commonalty to issue their Precept under their Common Seal, to the Sheriff of the County of Kent, who, upon the Receipt of every such Precept, is hereby authorized and required to impannel, summon, and return a competent Numbered fub-itantial and disinterested Persons of the said County of Kent qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Forty-eight nor more than Seventy two j and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by the said Sheriff, or by some Person to be by him appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, a-e, by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries* directed to be drawn , which Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, at some General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, to be holden in and for the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, as in such Precept or Precepts shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Court from Day to Day until discharged from the said Court j and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen attending, the said Sheriff" or his Deputy shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required by Piecept or Precepts, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, her, or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places or Premises in quedion, in such Manner as they shall direct and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses, and Parties to attend until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to adminider) shall esquire of the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Intereds of every Person or Persons seised or possessrd thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof (save and except such Right and Intered as doth or shall belong to H s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors) and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to he paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, or Parts of Houses or Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Intereds therein, and also the Good Will or Improvements, and also any Injury or Damage whatsoever that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leaseholders or ILce. & Per. J 14 S Tenants

WIfneflei

may he funv« n.ontd.

Jury may view;

and ftnil afftfs the Value upon Oath.

1266

Verdict to bt final.

Fourtrrn Pays Not ce <0 be given.

Exp«ce of Valuation provided for.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

Tenants at Will, and the said Justices shall and may give Judgement for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be aficffed; which said Verdict or Verdict-, and the said Judgement and Judgements, Determination and D. terminations thereupon (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, at lead Fourteen D>ys before the Tune of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid, and the Jury, by leaving such Nonce at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his or their ufunl Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Housev, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments intended to be valued or affclfed) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever against all Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all and every Person and Persons claiming any Efta'c, Right, Title, Troll, Use, or Interest, in, to, or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments and Premises, in Possefli <n, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, as well Infants and llfue unborn, Lunaticks, Iaiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Cestuique Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomf ever; and the said Verdicts, Judgements, and Determinations! and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Junes so to be made, given, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Kent for the Time being; and in case it shall so happen that the Sum or Sums of Morey so to be assessed and awarded in consequence of such Refus.l or Neglect to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, or Parts of Houses or Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or ns such proportional Value as aforesaid, or as the Recnmperce and Satisf. ttion to be made for the Injury or Damage lullained as before mentioned respectively, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Mayor and Commonalty, or any Penon or Persons authorized by them, shall have previously offered to pay as and for such Value, Reiompence, and Satisfaction, then and in ev.rv such Case all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of caufn g and procuring such Value and Recompence to be assessed and awa ded by a Jury as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the fame, and all other Expences incident thereto, shall be borne and paid by the B dies Polifck, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so seised or possessed of or inierested in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and so refusing or neglecting to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively; and the said Mayor and Commonalty are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be . fleffed and awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof; but in c..le die Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded as afore-faiil shall exceed the Sum or Sums so previously offered as aforesaid, then and in such Case all such Costs, Charges, and Exjiences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the said Mayor and Commonalty, or their Successors; and in every other Cafe, such Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall be borne and paid by the respective Parties, in equal Proportions.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 77. *267

VII. Provided always, That all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the Jurymen to he summoned or sworn cc e"s' in pursuance of this Act, in such and the like Manner as any Party in any A£bon depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster is or shall be by Law entitled, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array j and the said Justices a e hcnby empowered from Defaulters to Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on any such Sheriff be or his Deputy who shall make D fault in the P tmiirs, and also on any of the Persons who shall be luntmonrd and returned to serve on such.

Jury, and shall not aj pear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the Lid Jury, o< having been sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or th ir Duty herein; and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall not appear, or after having appeared shall refuse to be Iworn or to be examined, or giv" Evidence touching the fame; but no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds upon any One Person for One Offcn.e.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment, as is herein-after upon Pay-directed, of the Sum or Sums ot Money so to be awarded and adjudged v'n,eoftltbe as afort fa d, either into the ha k of England, or to the Person or Per- p.CmiVcs to tie fons to whom the lame shall be so awarded and adjudged to be paid, convtyed. after such Deduction, for the Purchase of the Lid Houses and Buildings,

or Parts of II 'Uses or Buildings La' ds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or for the Puich..fe of any Estate or Intend therein, such Person or Persons shall make and execute, or procu e to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal Conveyances Assignments, and Assurances in the Law, to the salt! May rand Commonalty, and their Successors, or to any Person or Persons, in Trust for them, of the said Iioufcs and Buildings, or Parts of Houses cr Buldings, Lands, Tenem-nts, and Hereditaments, or of such Efface or Intcreff for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, and shall pre cure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances, and shall do all Act?,

Matters, and Things nrcefiary and n-quisite to make and derive a good, clear, and perfeff Title thereto, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, and thrir Successors; and such Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usualCovenancs as dial I, on the Part of the said Mayor and Commonalty,‘or their Successors, be required; and in case In case of a good and sufficienc Title cannot be made to the Premises in respect of ^j'tyo0r which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded as aforesaid, to the convey, Mo-Satisfaction of the said Mayor and Commonalty in Burghmote assembled, jj'y nJ,^ in coni'equence whereof good, valid, and legal Conveyances thereof Bank of Ene« cannot be made to the said Mayor and Commonalty, or any Person or ,an:t‘

Persons in Trull for them, or in case the Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the fame, shall refuse to accept or receive the Sum or Sums so affeffd and awarded, and to make and execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of M' ney as aforesaid shall be so awarded cannot be found in the said City of Canterbury or the County of Kent; or in case that by teafon ot Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for De-

1268

Subject to the Order of the Court ot Chancery.

Proceedings to berccurced.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

fest of Evidence, it shall not appear to the said Mayor and Commonalty what Person or Persons is or are entitled to the Premises in question, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and their Successors, to order the said Sum or Sums so afleifed and awarded as the Value and Purchase Money for the said Houses, Buildings, or Parts of Houses or Buildings, Lands, Tenement?, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Englandin the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties entitled unto and interested in the said Houses, Buildings, or Parts of Houses or Buildings,' Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [defeating the m,'] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empoweied in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order Distribution thereof according to the tefprftive Ellate or Effaces, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Otder in the Premises as to the said Court shall lecm just and reasonable; and tire Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Determinations, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries, as relate to or concern any of the Cases before mentioned, and all Receipts which the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give for any Sum or Sums of Money paid into the Bank in consequence of any such Verdict and Judgement, shall be entered among the Records of the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions o the Peace for the Eastern Part of the said County of Kent; and the said Verdidh, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, and Orders, and other Proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Kent, or his Deputy for the Time being, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever, and all Persons shall and may have rtcourse to the fame gratis, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding Two hundred Words, One Shilling, and so proportionably for any greater Number of Words; and immediately after such Verdicts, Judgements, Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries, and Payment into the Bank as aforesaid, and after such Receipt or Receipts of the said Cashier or Cashiers shall be given as before-mentioned, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such Money shall be paid, of, in, to, and out of the Houses or Buildings, or Parts of Houses or Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises,

IS

1269

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vert in the said Mayor and Commonalty, and their Successors, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Scilin or Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the lame by L-ease and lleleafe. Bargain and Sale enrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovery, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Paymenc into the Bank of England as aforesaid shall not only bar all Right, Title,

Interest, Claim, and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such Paymenc shall have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all EstatesTail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Issue and UTues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, and all other Persons whomsoever, interested in or entitled unto the Premises in respect whereof such Payments shall have been made.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be ageed or Application awarded to be paid for any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, °actionIMoniy, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Adf, for the when.mount-Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, ,n*10 *00, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as herein-before mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Mayor and Commonalty, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rcn;s and Proft’s of the said Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting Other Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement Hull be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidaced or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said [Lw. id Per.J 14 T BaDk

1270

Application where the Comfenfation is Ids than aoo.r. and above 20/.

Application where the Mo. sier Is lets than

W.

Respeflin£

disputed

Titles.

44.® GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Cun-l'olidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Mayor and Commonalty (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be left than Twenty Pounds, then and ini all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits Of the Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, o» used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Mayor and Commonalty shall think fit» or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends

or

I2fl

44° GEORGII III. Cap.'77.

or Interest of any such Brink Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament, at the Time of such Purchase, and ail Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the ^Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and allb the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to Older the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Mayor and Commor-aky, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Mortgagee of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which shall be purchased or taken by the said Mayor and Commonalty in pursuance of this Act, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of every such Mortgagee, on receiving Three Calendar Months Notice in Writing, signed by the Town Clerk of the said City of Canterbury, by Order of the said Mayor and Commonalty in Burghmote assembled, of their Intention to pay off the Principal and Interest Money which shall be due on any such Mortgage, shall, at the End of the said Three Calendar Months after such Notice, on Payment or Tender of the Principal Money and Interest which shall be than due on such Mortgage, convey and assign his, her, or their respective Estates and Interests, of, in, and to the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, unto the said Mayor and Commonalty, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct or appoint; and if any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do, then from and after such Refusal, no further Interest for such Mortgage Money, or any Part thereof, shall accrue or grow due, but the same shall thenceforth cease and determine.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Mayor and Commonalty shall, after any Houses or Buildings, or Parts of Houses or Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be purchased by the

Court of

Chancery to di;e& the Payment of Expences.

Mortgagee*

may be paid.

Tenants to give up PoG ieflion, on receiving

lijz

Six Calendar

Months Notice.

Appeal to the Quai ter Seffioni.

Limitation of AaiOiii.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

or vested in them by virtue of this Act, give or cause to be given Si* Calendar Months Notice in Writing to any Tenant to quit or deliver up the Possession thereof, then every such Tenant or Occupier shall at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, peaceably and quietly deliver and yield up the Possession of the Premises so by him or her held or occupied, to the said Mayor and Commonalty, or their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession thereof; and if any such Tenant or Occupier shall after the Expiration of such Six Calendar Months, or as soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, shall refuse to give up the Possession thereof, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said City of Canterbury and County of the fame City, to iflbc his Precept to any Constable of the said City and County, to cause Poflirflion of such Premises to be delivered to the said Mayor and Commonalty, or to such other Person or Persons who in such Precept shall be nominated to take the Possession thereof; and every such Constable is hereby required, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter the said Premises in the Daytime, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found in Possession thereof, together with' his, her, or their Good*, out of the fame, and to put the said Mayor and Commonalty, or such other Person or Persons as shall in such Precept be nominated as aforesaid, into the Possession thereof, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue or be occasioned by Means of the issuing and executing of such Precepr, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person who shall have refused to give up such Possession as aforesaid, and who shall, upon Demand . neglect or refuse to pay such Costs as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggieved by anything done in pursuance of this Act (except in such Cases as are herein otherwise directed or provided) such Persons may appeal to the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Eastern Part of the said County of Kent, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving Fourteen Days Notice at the lead, in Writing, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, ro the said Mayor and Commonalty, or to the Town Clerk of the said City, or to the Person or Persons against whom such Appeal is intended to be made, and within Seven Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Kent, with Two fufneient Suritei conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, notwithstanding the fame may not have arisen within the said County of Kent, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed agfinft as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Sessions shall be final, binding, and condusive to the Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Person whomsoever lor any Act, Matter, or Thing, done in

the

44-’ GEORGII; III.) Cap. 77. 1273

the Execution of this Act, unless commenced within Three Calendar T"*1* *° '* Months sfter the Fad committed; and that every such Action shall m ,nt' be laid and tried in the County of Kent, and not elsewhere; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action to plead thereto the General Issue, that he, she, or they, is or are Gtntral Issue. Not Guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury who shall try such Issue, which Special Matter being pleaded would have been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to discharge the Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his, her, or their Charge.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Writ shall be sued out against, Notice of nor any Copy of any Process at the Suit of aSubjcd shall be served on any to b* Person whomsoever, for any Ad, Matter, or Thing, by him or her done

in the Execution of this Act, until Notice in Writing of such intended Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him or her, or left at the usual Place of his or her Abode by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to sue or cause the same to be sued out or served, at leaf!; One Calendar Month before the suing out or serving the fame, in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action which such Party hath or claimeth to have against such Person; on the Back of which Notice shall be indorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode, who shall be entitled to have the Fee of Twenty Shillings, and no more, for the preparing and serving such Notice.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and party may for every such Person, at any Time within Fourteen Days after such No- ^d"di tice given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or "

to his or her Agent or Attorney; and in case the fame is not accepted, to plead such Tender in bar to any Action to be brought against him or her, grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea, with the Leave of the Court; and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant -, and in cale a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant, or in case the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue his or her Action, or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, such Person shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for Treble Costs the same as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if to Defendant; upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find chat no Amends were tendered, or if Amends that the fame where not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defend- p°^,*ctient ants on such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for the recover. f° Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his or her Costs of Suit.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover any piaintiffnot Verdict against such Person in any Case where the Action shall be grounded j'pJoof on any Act of the Defendant done in the Execution of this Act, unless it of Notice.

is proved upon the Trial that such Notice was given as aforesaid} but in Default thereof, such Defendant shall recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

14 U

[Loc. & Per."]

1274

No Evidence to be given of Matters not expressed in the Notice.

If Amends not tendered or not sufficient, Defendant mar pay Money into Court.

If Injury wilful, Plaintiff to have full Colts.

[Publick Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 77.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the Notice hereby directed to be given.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person shall neg-left to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends before the Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or her, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or she shall see fit} whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXIV. Provided always, That where the Plaintiff in any such Action shall obtain a Verdict, in case the Judge before whom the Cause shall be tiicd shall in open Court certify on the Back of the Record, that the Injury for which such Action was brought was wilfully and maliciously committed, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to have and receive full Costs of Suit.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be considered and be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

; - ./ 11

Cap. 78.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

[10th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building 31 Geo. 3. a Bridge cross the River Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, certain Persons were appointed Commissioners for taking down the old Bridge then (landing across the said Rievr, and building a new Bridge instead thereof, and Power was given by the said Act to raise any Sum not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted: And whereas the Commissioners appointed by the said Act did, in pursuance of the Powers thereby given, build a Stone Bridge, by Contraft, over the said River for the Sum of Eight thousand four hundred Pounds, but which, owing to some of the Piers sinking, became dangerous, and it was found ncccITary that the fame should be taken down soon ascer it was opened for publick Ule: And whereas the said Commissioners afterwards caul'ed an Iron Bridge to be erected across the said River, for which they contrafted to pay the Sum of Four thousand nine hundred Pounds, and which has lately been completed; but a material Deleft appearing in one of the Stone Abut-[Loc. & Per.~\ 34 X ments

1278

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

Commissioners may raise a further Sum*

merits of the said Bridge, and Part of the Iron Work having cracked in several Places in consequence thereof, the said Commissioners have been under the Necessity,- for the publick Safety, to cause the same to be shut up and the old Bridge to be re-opened: And whereas the Expence of building the said Bridges, and of taking down the Stone Bridge, has nearly exhausted all the Money which the said Commissioners were authorized to raise, and in order to enable them to complete and effectually maintain the said Bridge, it will be expedient that they should be empowered to borrow a further Sum of Money, and that the Tolls on the said Bridge should be increased in case the fame should be found expedient and necessary: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cofnfenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to raise, by all or either of the Methods prescribed by the said recited Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six thousand Pounds over and above the Sum thereby authorized to be raised, and apply the fame in completing, maintaining, and supporting the said Bridge in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, under and subject to the several Powers* Authorities, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act; which Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed shall be and is and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the Tolls granted by the said recited Act and thijk Act.

Toll,

increased.

II. And be it further' enabled, That the Tolls granted arid made payable by the said recited Act, shall, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, cease and determine, and that instead thereof the Tolls following shall and may be demanded and taken before any Cattje, Carriage, or Vessel shall be permitted to pass over or under the said Bridge; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mule, or Afs, drawing, the Sum of Three-pence: For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Number: For every Ox or Cow, or other neat Cattle, not drawing, the Sum of Three Farthings:

For every Ox or Ccw, or other neat Cattle, drawing, the Sum of Threepence:

For every laden Lighter, Barge, or other Vessel (other than a Wherry or Scull), passing under the said Bridge, the Sum of Four-pence} and for every such Boat not laden, the Sum of Three-pence:

Which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby declared to be vested in the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act and this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied,assigned, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways, Means, and Methods, and with such Remedies for Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions,

Exemptions,

for

10

ik

Tit

be

en*

Hi

H<

Ti

I*79-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

Exemptions, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Act respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and commission-for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time duCtheToii». to Time, to lefien, vary, or alter the Tolls hereby granted, and to cause

the same to be collected in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as they shall think fit, and to raise the fame again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls hereby granted, and so as every Reduction thereof be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Five-Sixths of the Money then due on the Security of the said Tolls 5 but no such Alteration shall be made, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof, in Writing, shall be affixed on the Toll House erected on or near the said Bridge, and also inferred Three Times in One or more Newspapers circulated in the Counties of Middle-ftx and Surrey.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Direaing the awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and tion M mey,*' this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corpora- "her'0e7®*®* tion. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any ing 1 ° ’ Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order, made upon a a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes , or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, tfhich shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect , and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual

Produce

I 230

8

44.0 GEORGG 11 III. Cap. 78.

Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case i'uch Purchase or Settlement were made.

mPCompc?"a. V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money tion Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi-"oo/1 andthln tainents purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong-

Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners for executing the said Act and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed to awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit, of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

incite of not

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to

of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of

or if Persons the said Commissioners; or in case the Person or Persons to whom such found* Pur- Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; chafe vtoney or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Land--, Tenemenis, or Herein dkanients, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it

" ’ shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five

100I and above zo/.

ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or

whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase

or

1821

44° GEORGII III. Cap. ?8.

or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money To awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interestrd in the said Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m), subject to the fub>a to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of C iancerv; which °o«nof'h* * said Court of Chancery, on the Application of arty Person or Persons Cnanccry, on making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way ‘ of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the puTick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thtr^o*, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, < f he Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonabE; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall rec ive lucn Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise Where any touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank J°,c^sng of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General the Tit e to 5 of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Act or this r dn'tyhe°p«r. Ad, for the Puchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or fan wu.> Hull" of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Htredi-taments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Ba k An. uitirs Lands, &e. to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of 'h=hr me any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in chafe, shall* Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of be deemed such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or th*reN>ac-under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and cording to taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or He- f"0cnh-Pofli:r' reditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn

to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or He-rediments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said Act or this Act, the Puchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the likcUfes, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, or so much

[Lee. & Per.] 14 Y of

The Court may order re.lonalile Expences of Purchases to be paid b, tU« Commissioners.

X 282

For paying the Expences of the Ail.

[Publick Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 78.

of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of procuring and passing this Act shall be paid out of any Money borrowed or collected by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of any Money to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s rood Excellent Majesty. 1804.

i w: J

ANNO QU ADR AGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

M*<M* *

Cap. 79.

An Act, for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Woodstock to Roll Right Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Oxford. [: o:h July 1804.]

WHEREAS Four several A<Ss have been passed in the Third,

Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His late * u* s* Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty-fourth lc ’

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from WoodJlvck through Kiddington and Enftone to Roll Right Lane, and from Enjhm Bridge to Kiddingtanaforesaid, in the County of Oxford: And whereas gieac Pro-grels hath been made in the Repair of the said Roads, and fcve al Sums of Money have been borrowed for that Purpose on the Credit of the T Us authorized to be taken thereon, and a considerabic Part of such iVlo ey still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the [Z.w. Perl} 14 Z said

1286

Said Acts repealed, and this Act to take place in-fttad thereof.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

said Roads be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued; and the Powers and Provisions thereof being found in many Respects defective and insufficient, it would be more convenient to the Trustees of the said Roads, and the fame might be more effectually repaired, improved, and maintained, if the said Acts were repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof: And whereas the Road leading from the upper End of Blackall Lane, through the Borough of New Woodstock into a Lane called Henfington Lane, to join the great Road leading from the Town of Banbury to the City of Oxford, at or near a House called Sturdey's Castle, fuuate between a Place called Shipton Brook and the said House called Sturdey's Castle, in the said County of Oxford, is very much out of Repair, narrow, circuitous, and incommodious, and cannot be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: But if the fame were made Turnpike, and included in the Powers and Provisions of this Act, it would be a greatConvenience and Advantage to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility; May it therefore pleaseYour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That as soon as a sufficient Number of Trustees appointed by this Act are assembled at their first Meeting pursuant to the Directions herein-after contained, and shall have proceeded to put this Act in Execution, the said several Acts herein-before mentioned shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall take Effect, and shall continue in force, and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the Roads herein-after mentioned; (that is to say), the Road leading from Old Woodstock up the Holloway, through the Borough of New Woodstock to the East End of the said Borough towards the said City of Oxford; and also the Road leading from Old Woodstock, aforesaid up a Lane called Blackall Lane into the Borough of New Woodstock, and from Old Woodstock through Kiddington and Enstone to the West End of Roll Right Lane, and from the Welt End of Enjlow Bridge through Glympton to Kiddington aforesaid; and also for the Purpose of turning, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road leading from the upper End of Blackall Lane, through the Borough of New Woodstock into a Lane called Herjington Lane, to join the great Road leading from the said Town of Banbury to the said City of Oxford, at or near the said House called Sturdey's Castle, fiiuate between the said Place called Shipton Brook and the said House called Sturdey's Castle, in the said County of Oxford; and also the Road from Blackall Lane aforesaid through the said Borough on the North-east Side of the Town Hall, there to join the Road near to the Marlborough Arms Inn in the said Borough; and that this Act and the Term hereby granted, and all the Tolls hereby authorized to be colltdled upon the said Roads, shall be and are hereby declared to be charged with and subject to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said Acts hereby repealed as aforesaid, and of the Interest due and to grow due thereon, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Monies bad been borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, and the Tolls hereby granted.

44° G E ORGII III. Cap. 79. 1287

II. And be it further enacted, That the Most Honourable George Spencer Trustees. commonly called Marquis of Blandford, the Right Honourable Francis Al-

meric Spencer commonly called Lord Francis AJmeric Spencer, the Right Honourable Charles Spencer commonly called Lord Charles Spencer, John Spencer, James Blackstone Doctor of Laws, Sir Henry Watkin Da/hwood Baronet, Sir Clement Cotterell Dormer Knight, the Honourable Henry Augustus Dillon, Arthur Annejley, William Gore Langtcn, John Langston, Francis Pe-nyston, Oldfield Bowles, Benjamin Hollow ay, Edward Vere Holloway, ‘Thomas Bradley Pagett, Edward Lovcden Loveden, Pryfe Pryfe, Henry Dawkins the younger, George Frederick Stratton, George Stratton, Charles Fettyplace, Richard Gorges, Charles Brown Mojhjn, Charles Mojiyn, Samuel Cox, Michael Corgan, William Taylor, James Taylor, Thomas Richards Walker, Arthur Jones, John Jones, John Bowden, William Sotham, Thomas Sotbam, Sir Christopher Pegge Knight, Doctor of Physick, Martin Wall Doctor of Physick, Robert Bourne Doctor of Physick, Williams Doctor

of Physick, John Cobb Doctor in Divinity, John Cook Doctor in Divinity,

William Mayor Doctor of Laws, William Finch Doctor of Laws, Thomas Berkeley Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Brooks Doctor in Divinity, William Flamank Doctor in Divinity, Edward Tatham Doctor in Divinity, Walter Brown, John Roberts, Nicholas Marshall, Edward Marshall, Nicholas Earle,

Charles Western, James Adams, George Turner, John Gregory, Charles Gore,

Travell Clerks, William Turner, John Prior, Thomas Prior, Gamaliel Hodgkinson Bobart, Henry John North, John Kingdon, Henry Medcalfe,

Thomas Brown, George Coles, Benjamin Churchill, Joseph Brooks, and the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the Borough of New Woodstock for the Time being, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair the several Roads herein-before mentioned and described, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Trustee For appoint-shall die or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hand', to

elect One other Person to be aTrustee, in the room of such Trustee so de-cealed or refusing to act, but Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected or to be erect-d in or upon the said Roads, and also by inferring the fame in some One Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pass, at lead Ten Days before every such Meeting; and all Persons that shall be so elected, are hereby verted with the fame Powers for putting this Act in Execution as the Persons in whole Places they shall be respectively chosen were verted with.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting Qualification as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his ot rrultees> own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt

of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear Yearly Value of Forty Pounds above Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person possessed of an Estate in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as aforesaid, of the clear Yearly Value ot Eighty Pounds

above

1288

Oath.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

above Reprizes, or shall be possessed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate to the Amount of Eight hundred Pounds, nor (except in administedng the Oath following) before he (not being such Heir Apparenr) shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same 5 (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear. That I truly and bond fide am seised of in my own Right

[er, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be J, and in the actual ‘ Poll ffion and Enjoyment Tor, Receipt} of the Rents and Profits of a

Real Estate in Law or Equity, of the clear Yearly Value of Forty Pounds

[or, po defied of a Personal Estate of the Amount of Eight hundred ’* Pounds].

'So help me GOD.’

Penalty on And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Trustee ifnoTquaiifielf. 'n ’^c Execution of this Act (except in administering such Oath as aforesaid) or being so qualified shall act as such Trustee before he hath taken and subscribed the said Oath, every such Person 1o offending in all or any of the Premises shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Informaiion, wherein no Effuign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so prosecuted lh.ll prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Ptolecuti n, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; No Trustee te and that no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of holdsanyPbce lowers hereby granted during the Time he shall hold any Place of of Profit under Profit under this Act, nor in any particular Cafe wherein he shall be per-wherehelhail interested, nor shall any Victualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or

He interested. Spirituous Liquors, or any menial Servant of any Trustee, he capable of victualler., holding any Place of Profit under this Acr, but all fu h Trustees as are {s’!, not to act. justices 0p the peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this At, notwithstanding their being Trustees (except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested).

Trustees may sue and he sued in the Name their Clerk or Treasurer.

Trustees, Clerks, or Treasurer,

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, either in the Names of Trustees, who may be Parties to any Deed or Instrumenc in Writing upon which any Action shall or may be brought, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being and th.,t no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the D rection of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in 1 heir Names, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall ab.te or be discontinued by the Death, Incapacity, or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, or Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of Rich Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Tine being to the said Trustees, in case such Action shall be brought against or defended in the Name of such Clerk or Treasurer, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action: Provided always, that such Trustees, or Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Names or Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

menced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequrnce of any such Action or Proceeding the y cr he shall pav, bear, ex-prnd, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reafun of their or his being so made Plaintiffs or Defendants, Plaintiff or Defendant, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet on the Second Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at the Bear Inn in Woodcock aforesaid, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and flub then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet yearly, some Time in the Momh of June at the Place aforesaid, or at any other Place near to the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper or convenient for putting this Act in Execution, which Meeting shall be cEemed a General Meeting, and at which yearly Meeting all Accounts relating to the said Trust shall be examined, settled, and adjustrd; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall at any such Meet ng adjourn themselves to some convenient Place or Places near the said Roads respectively, and m.iy make such further Adjournments from Time to Time for putting this Act in Execution as they shall think proper; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, then and in such Case the Clerk to such Trustees by Notice in Writing to be affixed at or on all the Turnpikes then erected upon the said Roads, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, shall appoint such Trustees to meet at the House where the last Meeting of such Trustees was appointed to be held on that Day Three Weeks on which such last Meeting of such Trustees was appointed to have been held; and that the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Charges and Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise (except as herein particularly mentioned) and no Older or Determination of the said Trustees shall be made, unless a Majority of the Trustees present at such Meeting shall concur therein, such Meeting not confuting of less than the respective Number herein mentioned (as the Case may be) nor shall any such Order or Determination be revoked or altered at any fubfrquent Meeting, unless Nine Trustees shall be present, nor unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke or alter any such Order, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk to the said Trustees, and for want of such Clerk, to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the hid Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inferred in Manner herein-before mentioned, at least Ten Days previous to any fjcli Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, then and in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the acting Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Nonce thereof in the Manner before directed, and '<f

[Z.JC. & Per,] 15 A the

1289

to he reim-burled their Expenecs.

First Meeting of the fruiters.

Trustees to pay their own Exp:nee*, etc, an<i to mike Orders,

Meetings cn Emergencies.

I2Q0

Trullee; to appoint Officer* }

and to remove

them-

Officers to account yearly on Oath.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Older of the i Trustees (such Time not being less than Twenty Days after such Notice and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly, and all tl Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings hid been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may appoint such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls by this Act granted, and such other Officers respectively, as they shall think proper j and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, whereof Twenty Days Notice shall be given in Writing, to be affixed upon the respective Turnpikes which shall be then erected on the said Roads, by any Writing or Writings under their respective Hands, from Time to Time to remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new ones in cases of Death or such Removal, and the said Tolls shall be paid after the Rates herein mentioned to such Persons as shall be fu appointed to receive the same; and the said Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers, and all other Persons who shall be employed in the Receipt or Expenditure of any of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, shall at the said annual Meeting to be held in the Month of June in every Year, give unto such Trustees true and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all the Monies which shall have been by them respectively collected or received, and how, to whom, and to what Uses the fame have been paid and applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their Hands to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons, or to such Uses and Purposes as they, or any Five or more of them, shall direct and appoint, and that all such Officers and other Persons shall verify such Accounts upon Oath (which Oath any Two of the said Trustees are hereby empowered to administer); and if any of the said Officers or other Persons shall not give such Account, or shall refuse to verify the fame in Manner as aforesaid, that then and io either of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Officer or other Person shall be or reside, and such Justices are hereby authorized and required to make Enquiry concerning such Default in a summary Way, as well by Confession of the Parries themselves as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) and if any such Person shall be thereof convicted, such Justices shall commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and verify such Account in Manner as aforesaid; and in case any of the said Officers or other Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to r< main in his or their Hands, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall live or reside, to make Enquiry touching such Neglect or Refusal, in a summary Way in Manner as aforesaid, and by Warrant under their

1291

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

their Hands and Seals to cause such Sums of Money as shall appear to them to be due and unpaid, to be levied by D.stress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Per Ton or Persons, rendering the Overplus (if anyj to the Party or Parties, after the Money remaining due, and the Charges of making such Distrcls and Sale, shall be deduced } and if sufficient Distress cannot be found, then the said Justices or any Two other Justices of the Peace ter such County or Place shall commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of chc County or Place where such Person shall live or rtfide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall have paid ever such Money in Manner as aforesaid, or compounded for the fame, and pad such C>>mp futon Money to the said I'rustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Fiveor more t f them, shall appoint to receive the same, which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting are hereby empowered to make: P.ovded always, that no Person shall be committed for Want of sufficient Disttels for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Trustees may absconding, m fbi having, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of po^ryCou"* the Tolls, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not at a Meeting leftors. of the said Fruit- es appointed by virtue of this A<S, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver, who shall abscond, misbehave, or become incapable or absent himself as aforesaid, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, in the Stead or such Collector or Receiver so dying or being discharged, and to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been fub-jcftio; and that if any Colleiftor or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver, who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession cf any Toll House or Building, to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, for the Space of F'ourteen Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given or left on the Premises for that Purpose, by or under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Treasurer, then and in any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Toll House or Building shall be, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable, or other Peace Officer within the same County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person and Persons who shall be found therein, and the Occupier and Occupiers thereof, together with his, her, or thvir Goods out of the fame, and to put the said "I'rustees, or any Three or more of them, or their Clerk, or their new appointed Officer, in the Possession thereof, with the Appurtenances.

X. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising by the Trustees may said Tolls to le collided at each respective Turnpike or Toll Gates, such all°*Salami. Allowances shall be made to the Collector or Collectors of the Tdlls

1292

Clerks, He. to give6tcurity.

Power to ereit rum-pi es, and Toll Gates, He.

Veiling Turnpikes and loti Houses in the Trustees.

Power to take Tolls, (Sc.

Tolls

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

at such respective Turnpike or Toll Gates as the said Trustees, or any F've or more of them, shall think proper; and that out of the Monies arising by the Tolls to be c Hefted at all the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, such Allowances, and Compensations shall be made to the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and to such other Persons as shall be affiifting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem reasonable.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more, and they are hereby required to take such Security from their Clerks, Treasurers, Collector- of the Tolls, and other Officers for the due Execution of their respective Offics, as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem expedient.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may erect and set up, or cause to be erected and let up, so many Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said several R acts, or of any Lane or Way leading into the fame respectively, as they mav judge expedient; and shall and may also erect and provide, or cause to be erected and provided a Toll House, with suitable Outbuildings and Convenivencies, at or near each Turnpike or Toll Gate, and may also inclose from the said Roads convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses, as they the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall judge proper; and may cause all or any of such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, and set up again, or altered, as they the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Turnpikes and Toll H ul'es, and other Buildings, Weighing Engines, and Fences erected or provided, or hereafter to be erected or provided, in, upon, and on the Sides of the said Roads, and of the Materials for building the fame, and for repairing the said Roads, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to bring Actions in the Name or Names of any One or more of them, or in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, or to prefer or cause to be preferred Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall disturb them in the Possession thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Tolls following shall and may be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse or other Cattle, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be permitted topafs through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Turnpike^ or Toll Gates, as shall or may be erected by virtue of this Act; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Carriage, any Sum not exceeding Four-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79. t293

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen* and not 'drawing, any Sum not exceeding one Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, any Sum not exceeding Tn-pinte per Score and so in proportion for any greater or less

Num5?r

And for every Drove of Calves, Pigs Sheep, or Lambs, any Sum not exceeding Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or

less Number.

Which said resp-ctive Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken For Recover/ in the Name,^ ot as a Toll; and if any Person or Persons fuHjedt of Tolls, to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made, fi^gledt or refute to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons (to be appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls) to seize and distrain any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, or any of their Harnels or Accoutrements, and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charge* of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space, of Four Days next after ruch Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may fell the Horse, Catde, Bead, or Things lo distrained, returning the Overplus (it any) on Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted; and th t all the Toils to be Toli« vested in collected or levied by virtue of this Act hall Oe and are hereby vested in the Trusteej. the said Trustees, and shall be applied and may be assigned in such Manner as herein-after mentioned. p

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen For fctf,ing about the Amount of Tolls dor, or the Charges ot keeping any Distress, Disputes con* it shall be lawful for the Colltdfor or Person so distraining to letain such cernl"£ Tolls. Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Amount of the Tolls due, or the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of keeping the Distress (as the Calc m.y happen) be alccrtaini d by some Justice of the Peace for the said County, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on Oath of the Parties, or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of the Collector's Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Just ce, all which said Sums as shall be so determined or assessed shall he paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus, after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who Toll; to bt shall have paid Toll for passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, »kenbut eredtedor to be eiedfed upon the said Roads, shall be subject to pay any 01'ceaDiy* Toll for returning through such Turnpike or Toll Gate the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Ni.-thr, wi h the fame Horses or other Cattle, or with the fame Coarh, C.uife, Waggon, or other Carriage, but shall return Toll-ftce, on 'delivering a Note or Ticket to the Colltdfor of the Tolls at such resprdfive Turnpikes or Toll Gates, denoting the Payment < f such Toll (whion Note or Ticket such Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toils).

[ Lee. y Per.] 15 B

i 294 44;* GEORGII MI. Cap.

taken'lor°b* And '£ fufther enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or

cioffing the taken ror the passing of any Catile or Carriage which shall only crops

the Road. the said Roads, or any of them, or shall travel thereon respectively for the Space ot One hundred Yards only, unless such eroding shall be with an Intent to avoid the Payment of Toll at any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and the Payment of lych Tolls shall be avoided accordingly.

fiouTfoUfe*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Hoise, Ox, or other Beall, drawing in any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying Stones, Bricks, L me, Timber, Trees, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for the making or repairing the said Roads, or any Works thereon, or any Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or othe> Produce of Lands to be laid up, yfed, orconfumed in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards of or belonging to the Owners thereof, or Lime, or other Manu e, to he uf-d for the Improvement of Lands only, and not for Sale, nor when returning unladen after carrying or conveying any such Materials or Things; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horse, Ox,or other Bead, drawing or not drawing, and employed in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor for any Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Cattle, when going to or returning from being shoed or farried, or from work in cultivating the Lands or Grounds within the Parishes, Town-ships, Hamlets, or Places through which the said Roads lead, or going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places; provided that such last-mentioned Exemption shall only extend to such Cattle as shall be driven to and from Water and Pasture, from one Parish to the next adjoining Parish; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken for any Horle, or other Bead, when carrying or conveying any Person or Persons redding in the fame Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or PI ces who shall pass on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated, through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, to or from Church, Chapel, or any other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, or when going t,) or returning from the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the fame Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or vifuing his sick Parishioners; nor for any Horses or Carriages which shall be employed in conveying any Mail or Packet made up under the Authority or Direction of His Majesty's Podmader General or his Deputies; nor for any Horses belonging to Officers cr Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty; nor for any Horles, Cattle or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or carrying any wounded, sick, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or returning empty after having been so employed; nor for any Horses.Carts, or Carriages, employed only in carrying or conveying Vagrants sent with legal Pafies; nor for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing or not drawing, carrying or conveying any Elcftor or Elcftors to r from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Oxford; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, or of any other of the Exemptions from Toll in this Act contained, not being entitled to the fame,

every

H

to

wi

in'

Hi

m

it

I*

v

w

»l

I

e

h

is

x

6

h

j

I

0

1 I

I

ft

I

8

129 5

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

every Person so offending and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Difvretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, Topr-vent

with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, upon which any Toll is by this Act th*

imposed, pass through any Land or Gr< und within the Distance of One s’

Mile from any Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be erected by virtue of

this Act, the fame not being a publick Road (other than and except such Person or Persons as his Grace George Duke of Marlborough and his Heirs, being Owners of Blenheim, shall giv e Leave to go through Woodflock Park); or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any other Person or Persons (other than and except as last aforesaid) with any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the Paid Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person pother than a Collector of the said Tolls) any Note or Ticket by this Act directed to be given by a Collector of the said Tolls, or fh >11 forge or counterfeit any such Note or Ticket, or shall f icibly pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate as aforesaid with any Hr r!e, Ca'tL, or Bead, or shall at any Time or Times take off any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, from any Carriage with an Intent to avoid Payment of the said Tolls whereby the Payment thereof or any Pjrt or Parts the-eT shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Roads, any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, with an Intent to evade thr Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Pans thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any Goods from any Horse,

Cattle, Beall, or Carriage, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offenders shall be convicted. One Moiety whereof shall be for the Use of the Informer or Inlormers, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in Manner herein-after mentioned,

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Trullets, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time as they (had c mpound for fee convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One thi r°l1’* Year at any one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places to or through which the said

Roads lead, for the passing of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of such Turnpikes or Toli Gates as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said powertoleale Trustees, or any Five or more of them, after giving Twenty-one Days tue Tolls, previous Notice thereof in Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes

or Toll Gates erected across the said Roads, and to be inserted in ibmc one Newspaper published within the said County of Oxford, from Time to Time to lease and demise the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the befl Rent or Price that can be reasonably obtained for the fame, payable at such Times and in such Manner, and with, under, and subject to such Covenants,

1296 4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

Hants, Conditions, and Agreements as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of fitch Lease or Leases, and taking such other sufficient Security for Payment of the Rents to be reserved by and for the Performance of the Covenants contained in such Lease or Leases as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit.

con!<eCpers

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Witnesses' Litigation shall happen to arifie touching or anywise relating to the said Toll> or the Recovery thereof, the Person or Persons appointed to coiled: the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be and they and every of them are and is hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of their or his being appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees as aforesaid.

fromXTnior XXIII. PTovided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Wag. Carriages with gon, Cart, of other Carriage hath or shall have Wheels of let's Bea ith ^ead'h'than ^lan $IX Inches on the Bottom or Sole thereof, and upon winch the Sole six Inches. thereof (hill not lie flat, so as not to deviate more than Half an Inch

from a flat Surtace, and shall not have the Nails counterfunk, so as not to rife above the Surface, or for or in respect of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, which, together wich the Loading thereof, shall be of greater Weight than is allowed by an Act passed in the Thuteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom, to Waggons, Carts, or Cairiages of the same Kind respedivrly, and Jaden with such Goods as do not exempt the fame from the additional Toll thereby imposed, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order all such Waggons, Carts, or other Carriages to be weighed in like Manner, and with the fame Powers and Authorities, as is diieded for the weighing of Carriages by the said Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

Penalty on

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall offer or Persons dif- (fifpose of any Note or Ticket to any Person, in order to evade the

Tickets to Payment of the said Tolls, every Person so offering or disposing of such

paying Note or Ticker, and the Person receiving or making u!e of the fame, shall respectively forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein directed to be applied.

Trustees may make Fences on Commons to prevent TolU being avoided.

XXV. And whereas Part of the said Roads may lead over Commonable and Waste Grounds, and the Tolls by this Act granted may by reason of the great Widch and Extent of such Commons and Waste Grounds be easily avoided; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they fee Occasion, to make or cause to be made such Ditches, Cops, Walls, and Fences, by the Sides of the said Roads, or upon, over, or across the said Commons or Waste Grounds, in such Manner and Directions as they shall find necessary, so that the Payment of the said Tolls may not be avoided; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down or otherwise damage, displace, or carry away any such Fence, or any

Part

I297

44° GEORG 11 HI. Cap 79.

Part thereof, or shall fill up or spoil any such Ditch, every such I’crfon shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lei's than Forty Shillings.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shill be lawful for the said Trustees may Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at the ToUs*6'en any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that 1’urp ife, to lessen or reduce

all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, and for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and may afterwards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so leftened to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the respective Rates herein-before mentioned, and to order and direct such Tolls so lefllned, reduced, or advanced, to be c rlkdted, received, taken, la'd out, and applied for the Pur; oics of this Act, in such Manner as the said Tolls are herein-before directed to be colluded, levied, and applied; but no such Re 'uiflion shall be made, unltls the Person or P, rfons who shall be entitled to Five Sixth Parts of the Money which shall have been lent and be then due upon the Credit of the Tolls intended to be reduced, shall be consenting thereto; and that no Rich Reduction shall be made, unless Thirty Days Notice at lead shall be given in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then eretfted upon the said Roads, expressing the Intention of m iking such Reduction, and inserted in force publick Newspaper circulating in the Ne ghbouihoud ttirough which the said Roads do pass.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur- s irv-eyorsmay veyor or Surveyors of the said Road«, or such Person or Persons as he or ®»keCause-they shall appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to make Causeways, and also Ditches and Drains, in and upon the said Roads, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduct the Water from and off the said Roads, and also to widen any part of the said Roads, by opening, clearing, and laying into the fame any Grounds of any Person or Persons lying contiguous therere, so as to make such Pa'ts of the said Roads not exceeding Sixty Feet in Width, and also to make a Road through the Grounds adjoining or lying near to any hollow Way, nirrow, or ruinous Part of the said Roads, not being the Grounds whereon any House or Outbuilding stands, or a Yard, Garden, Orchard,

Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any floufe, or any indofed Ground planted and set apart as a Nuriery for Trees, previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and lour, to be made use of as a publick Highway, whilst the high Roid is repairing or widening; and also by Order of any F>ve or more of the said Trustees to build, erefi, and repair, or keep in Repair, any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Roa.ls, and across any Stream, Brook,

Water, Ditch, or Drain thereon, or contiguous thereto, makng such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds respectively for the Damage th y shall or may thereby suftain, as shall be adjudged reusonable by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Diffe ence shall arise, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the fame C mnry or Place next after such Difference shall anse, (on Six clear Days ivotice thereof \Loc. fc? Per.] 15 C to

44° G E ORGII III. Cap. 79.

to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or to be left at his or their respective Places of Abode), shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Damages, and the Colls attending the hearing and determining the fame, whole Judgement and Order therein shall be final and conduftve to all Parties; but no Satisfaction shall be made for doing or performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Common or Waste Lands.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor or Sutveyors, or by the Lid Trullees, or any Five or more of them, is and are hereby empowered to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry aw.iy any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the making and repairing the said Roads in, upon, out of, or from any Walle Grounds or Commons, Ri*ers or Brooks, in any Parish, Town, or Place in which any Part of the said Roads lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Town, or Place, to be used in making and repairing the said Roads, wichouc paying anyTh'ng for the fame, and tocart and carry away the fame over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, making Satisfaction as hereinafter mentioned, such Surveyor or other Person filling up the Pit or Pits, and levelling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pit or Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if such Quantities of Furze, Heath, Stones, or other Materials proper and sufficient for that Purpose, cannot be had or found in or upon such Waste Grounds or Commons, Rivers or Brooks contiguous to that Part of the said Roads therewith to be made and repaired, or so near or so convenient as the fame can be found and gotten in any privte Lands or Grounds contiguous to the fame Roads, then and in such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may, by Order of the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, cur, dig, and make any Pit or Pits, and get, gather, take, and carry away such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, or out of, from and over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House or any inclosed Ground planted cr let apart as a Nursery for Trees) paying or tendering Payment to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, such Damagts for the cutting, digging, gathering, taking, and carrying away the said Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, and Materials, and for carrying the fame, or the Materials gotten in any Common or Waste Grounds, Rivers, or Brooks as aforesaid, over their Lands or Grounds, as the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, shall think reasonable v and in case of any Difference between the said Trullees, or any of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed or employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any or either of them, concerning the said Damages, the said Juf-ticts of the Peace of the County or Place wherein such Lands or Ground shall lie, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the same County or Place next after such Difference shall arise, and on Six clear Days Notice thereof to be given by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers to the said Surveyor or Suri veyors*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

veyors, cr ro be left at their respective Places of Abode, shall bear, settle, and determine the Matter of the said Damages and the Cods attending the hearing and determining the fame, whose Judgement and Order therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act or any other Statute now in being, to take and carry away Materials for the repairing the said Roads out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his ul'ual Place of Rc fidence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or Two justices of the Peace acting for the County or Limit where such Lands arc situated, to shew Caule why such Materials shall net be had or taken out of or from such L ands and Grounds; and in case such Occupier (hill attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Tru(lees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think meet, authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse toappear by himself or his Agenr, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fir, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent

had attended.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take or carry away Materials which shall have been dug or gathered for the Purpose of making, completing, or amending the said Roads, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days, (except the Owner or Occupier of any Private Ground and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint from Time to Time (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Roads by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish, Straw, or otherwise, and convert the same to his and their own Use and Uses, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running along, imo, or out of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as deep and as large as he or they shall think necessary, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees, Shrubs, or Bushes growing or to grow on the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent

thereto

I299

Surveyor? rot to carry away Materials cut of private Grounds without giving Notice to the Occupiers.

Penalty on taking away Materials go

by Surveyors

Surveyors may remove Annoyances.

I3°°

Penalties on obstructing Surveyor

P ivver to turn »"d alter any Part of the KoaJi,

Notice to be given of diverting Road*.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

thereto respectively (not being a Garden, Orchard, Plantation, Walk or Avenue to a House), and to take and carry away the fame, in cale the Owners or Occupitrs of the Premises shall for the Space of Seven Days next after Notice in Wri'ing given for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Surveyors neglect to top, lop, cut down or remove such Tiees, Shrubs, or Bushes, or to open, scour, cleans, widen, or deepen such Water-courses o Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall require, the Charges whereof to be settled by the said Tfuftres, or any Five or more of them, shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are herein dtreded to be recovered and applied; and if after removing any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall againoffend in like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, or 1 i der, or cause to be alfaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Colledur of the Tolls, or any Turnpike Surveyor or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, and while doing or petforming any Work authorized to be done or performed by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall for every such OTence so frit any Sum not exceeding Fhve Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Majority of the Trustees present at any Meeting of any Nine more J rustees, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to widen, turn, or alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the several and respidiye Roads hereby directed to be amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair for the Accommodation of Passengerr, through any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, under such Terms and Satisfaction as are herein-after mentioned, and also through any Commons or Waste Ground', without making Satisfaction for the lame and also that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments through which or whereupon the said Roads are intended to pass, and to flake out and matk the fame, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or such Majority as aforesaid, shall think necesiary or proper, without being liable or subject to be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment, for entering 01 continuing upon any Part or Parts of such last-mentioned Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, firtl making and tendering Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damage they may thereby sustain.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall at any Meeting or Meetings

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79. *30*

ingSto be convened under the Authority of this Act, signify by an Order in Writing under their Hands their Intention or Desire of diverting, turning, or altering any Part or Parts of the said Roads, that then Thirty Days Notice at lead shall bepreviously given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then credted in or upon the said Roads, and also by inserting the fame in some One Newspaper printed or circulated within the said County of Oxford, of the Time, Place, and Purpose of the said Meeting.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid it Trustees may shall be lawful for the said Trustees* or any Five or more of them, to purchase, and contract with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Here- Persons'fell ditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Lands and Owners or Persons may sustain by the making, diverting, turning, or taments* *11* altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through wanted for such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for onto/EaS* the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by making, diverting, turning or altering the Course or Parth of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and to pay for the fame by and out of the Tolls and other Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors and Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert* or CeftuiqueTrufts, and all other Persons whomsoever to contract and agree with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Purchase Of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, or for their Interest therein for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contrails, Agreements,

Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding 5 and that all Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politick If Parties do or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any Person or Persons as aforesaid, o^e’r°r interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, upon Notice to cannot make him, her, or them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or yj"ele’/hthe Dwelling Houses, or lall Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Per- p. emiiesto t>* fons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of Bodies Politick or Corporate, fu'‘led bya Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Jury‘

Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, intended to be taken in and added

to any of the said Roads, and through which any of the said Reads shall be intended to be turned as aforesaid, shall for the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause it to be inquired into and ascertained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Oxford (which Oaths any Two or more of the said Trustees, are hereby empowered and required to administer) what Damages shall be sustained by and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner or \Loc. £5? Per.] 15 D Owners*

1302 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Persons as aforesaid, for or on Account of the turning such Roads through such Lands or Grounds; and in order thereto, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to summon before the said Jury, and examine uporr Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought r.ecefiary or proper to be examined concerning the Premises ("which Oath any Two or more of the said Trustees, are hereby empowered to administer) and they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall by ordering a View, or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s bttter Information in the Premises, and such Trustees shall order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be assessed by the said Jury for such Damages as aforesaid, to be paid to the said Owners or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which Verdict or Inquisition and Judgement, Order, and Determination, shall be final and binding, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whatsoever, claiming or to claim in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Person* under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoever, and against all and every such Owners and Proprietors; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue out a Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County, thereby commanding him to impannei, summon. and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place, as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannei, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid, and for Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve.

juries may be

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons and sheriffs concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jury-fined for De- men; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, acting in the fault, Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable

Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Person9 that shall be summoned and leturned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn, or refusing to give, or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall refule or neglect to appear, or refuse to be examined and to give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy and apply such Fine or Fines in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-afeer directed to be

levied

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79. 1303

levied and disposed of, so that no such Fine exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any One Person for One Offence.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Money allow-Sumsot Money or Recompence to be agreed for as aforesaid, shall be tobe

and is and are hereby charged upon the Tolls by this Act granted, charged and

or on the Monies to be borrowed upon the Credit of such Tolls, and shall tendered> be paid thereout accordingly to the Persons entitled respectively thereto or to their Agents; and that upon Payment or Tender thereof to such Persons, or their Agents, and in case of Refusal to take and accept of the fame,

upon disposing of the Money in Manner by this Act directed, and after

One Calendar Month’s Notice thereof given to such Persons or their Agents to receive such Money, it shall be lawful for the Paid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents to enter into Possession of, and to lay such Land or Ground into the said Roads, and to do all and every such Act, Matter, and Thing, with relation to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, and the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so taken into or made Part of the said Roads, shall be deemed ancf taken to be, and shall be to all Intents and Purposes a publick and common Highway, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as the Roads hereby directed to be made, repaired, and widened, are by this or any other Law to be repaired; and after such new Road shall be completed, the Lands and Grounds constituting the former Road, unless leading over some Common or Waste, or to some Town or Place to which such New Road shall not lead, shall be vetted in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them for the belt Price that can be gotten for the lame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls hereby granted are dirtfted to be applied , and all Deeds of Conveyances executed by the said Tr uftees, or any Five or more of them, and enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which such Lands lie, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes j but this Act, nor any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to give Power to the said Trustees, or any Five 01 more of them, to take down any House or other Building, or to take in any Land that is a Garden adjoining to any Dwelling House, or any Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House or Nurseiv for Trees, or any Part thereof, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively in Writing first had and obtained.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give How the Ex. in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence b,

for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands paid, or Hereditaments, or for any LoL cr Damage to be by him, her, or them sustaintd, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in 1'uchCafe the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act; but if

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no mote or for less Monty than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, as aRecompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Intrreft, or Property in or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of fumthoning and maintaining the ("aid Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining such Difference, shall be paid and borne by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees, of any Five or more of them, shall have such Cor.troversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the respective County, not intereded in the Matter in quedion (who is hereby authorized and required to examine and settle the fame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person and Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex-parte the said Trustees, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under, the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affefting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyanre and Settlement shall be txifting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum

Reduced

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Herediramen-s so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement was made.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporaiion, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Priviry of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Op-ion to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be Ids than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be applied to tile Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purpose of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XL1IL And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall retufc to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or S ims of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entL tied to such Lancs or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to [Lee. Per.] 15 £ be

Application where the Compensation does not exceed 100l. nor 1:1s than iol.

Application where the Money is lese than to/

In case of not making out

Titles, or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to he paid into the Bank;

1306

subject to the Orcer of the Court of Chancery.

Where any Question shall strife touching fu h Money, the Person who shall be in possession of the Lands etc. at the Time of such Pu 1 chafe. Iliall be deemed entitled theieto.

The Court may order reasonable Expence* of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments fdefa ibing the m~], subject to the Order, Controll), and Dispo-fuion of the said Court, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary" way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof in Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Courr, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, toge- ther with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall

from

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall dirtdt.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be agreed on or adjudged or awarded by the Jury to be paid for the Purchase of the said Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons entitled thereto shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, proper and effectual Conveyances, Surrenders, Alignments, and Assurances in the Law to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, of the Lid Premises for which such Sum or Sums of Money was or were so awarded or adjudged to be paid, and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things necessary or reauifite to make a good, clear, and perfect Title thereunto, and such Conveyances, Surrenders, Alignments, anti Assurances, shall contain such ttfual and reasonable Covenants, as shall on Behalf of the Lid Trustees be required; and in case any Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be agreed, awarded, or adjudged to be paid as aforesaid, shall not evince a clear and perfect Title to the said Premises, and make or procure to be made, at the Expence of the said Trustees, proper and effectual Conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do being the reunto required, such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed or adjudged to be paid as aforesaid, being ready to be paid to him, her, or them, on making such Title, and tendered lor that Purpose, or in case any Person or Persons entitled to the Premises for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed, awarded, or adjudged as aforesaid, cannot be found, or in case by reason of Disputes depending in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity or for Drfeft of Evidence it shall not appear to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, what Person or Persons is or are entitled to the Premises in question, that then and in every such Case such Money shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in Manner herein-before mentioned; and when and so soon as such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so invested in the publick Funds as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Equity of Redemption, Claim, and Demand whatsoever in Law and Equity on all and every Person or Persons who shall be entitled to such Money, of, in, to, from, and out of the lame Premises, or any Part thereof, shall vest in the said Trustees, and they the fame Trustees shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof in Fee Simple, freed and discharged from allClaims, Demands, and Equity of Redemption whatsoever, either in Law or Equity, to all Intents and Purposes as fully and effectually as if all and every Person and Persons having any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Dower, Right, or Title of Dower and Equity of Redemption, of, in, to, from, and ouc of the fame Premises, had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release. Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment with Livery or Seisin, Fine, and Recovery, or any other Conveyance whatsoever.

XLVII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, they may happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of such Piece or Pieces of Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall

I307

UponPayment of Purchase Money Conveyances to be executed.

Trustees empowered to (ell Ground not wanted for the Purposes of this Act.

*3°8

strrfbns from whom such Lands, &e. hav- bem purchased to have the Preference.

Tnrftees may borrow Money upon Mortgage of Tolls

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

find most advantageous and convenient to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fed Trustees, before they shall dispose of the Paid Piece or Pieces of Ground, shall first offer totelVII the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to re-pu chafe the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for tire County where such Piece or Pieces of Ground shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the Paid Piece or Pieces of Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person, or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be); and ia case such, Person or Persons shall be deGrous of re-purchasing the fame, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree, with respect to the Price thereof, in such case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in manner hecein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed, with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be hclden for that Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Notice in Writing shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to be affixed on all Turnpike or Toll Gates then erected on the said Roads, and inserted in some One or more Publick Newspaper circulating in the Neighbourhood through which the said Roads pass, may, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Instrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be collected and arising by virtue of this Act, and also the Toll Houses and Appurtenances thereunto belonging (the Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the Re-payment thereof, with such legal Interefc as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall think proper , (videlicetJ,

BY

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

nY virtue arret in punfuanca of an Act, p-afied in the Forty.fourth Year ‘ oft the Reign of His Majesty King George the shirti, intituled, \hert

insert the 'Title of this Act] in Consideration or the Sum of

‘ to A.B. the Treal'urer appoimed by the Trustees for putting the said Act inti 1 Execution, having been this Day paid by C'. D.of

4 We whof- Names are hereunto fu’ eribed and Seals affixed,

‘ being Seven of the said Trustees, Do grant and assign unto the said C. D.

his [or, her] Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Fropoitiont

of the Tolls arising upon the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of the Turnpikes-and Toll Houses for collecting the said; Tblls as the Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum thie and

‘ owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, or charged thereupon for the

Term of the said Act, To have, hold, receive, and take such Propor-

tion of the said Tolls, Toll Houses, and Premises with the Appurtenances

unto the said C.D. his [or, her] Executors, Admisustrators, and Assigns

for the Residue and Remainder now to come of Year?, for

which the said Tolls are granted by the said Act, subject to the Proviffi

following; (that is to say) Provided always, that if the said Sum of

shall be repaid to the said C.D. his [or, her] Executors, Ad-

ministrators, or Assigns, together with Interest for the fame after the

‘ Rate of per Centum per Annum, without any Deduction what*

loever, on or before the Day of

now next ensuing, then this Assignment shall be void, or else shall

remain in full Force. In Witness whereof we have hereunto let our

4 Hands and Seals this Day of

And Copies of all which Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the fame, or the Money theteby fecuied, is and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be inJorfed on the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Writings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, before One credible Witness, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever, all which Assignments or Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Treal'urer to the said Trustees within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause Entry to be made of such Assignments or Transfers, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Assignments, for which the Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, and which said Book or Bocks shall and may, at all reasonable Times, be peruftd and inspected without Fee or Reward j and after such Entry made, and not otherwise, such Assignment or Tranl-fer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to such Mortgage or Assignment and the Monies thereby secured and so assigned and transferred, and to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall and may in like Manner assign and transfer again, and so te/its quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of [Lee. & Per.] 15 F an/

I3O9.

Form of Mortgage.

Cories to be enttitid.

1310

No Priority of Mortgage.

Application of the Money.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Asignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies due thereon.

L. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons advancing or who shall have advanced any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in respect to the Priority of advancing or of having advanced any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments have been or shall be made as aforesaid, shall, be in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money, and on the Terms therein mentioned. Creditors on this Act in equal Degree one with another.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall arise and be produced from the Tolls by this Act granted, together with the Monies which shall from Time to Time be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the Trustees for executing this Act for the Time being, and shall be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes following; (that is to say) in the first Place in Payment of the Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, in paying the Imereft accruing upon the several Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on the several Moitgages or Securities made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, and other Buildings, and of making, forming, repairing, widening, and altering the said Roads, and purchasing Lands for those Purposes, and of erecting and maintaining necessary and convenient Bridges upon the said Roads, and of executing the several other Powers and Provisions of this Act, and in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several Principal Sums for the Time being, due on such Mortgages or Securities as aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Owners, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees, of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all other Person or Persons liable to the amending or maintaining any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridge, Cause-way. Drain, Arch, or Sewer therein, shall dill remain liable and charge, able to the Repair thereof in such Manner as they were before the passing of this Act (subject nevertheless to the Regulations herein-alter expressed concerning the lame); and that all and every Person and Persons who by Law are obliged to do Statute Work, or are chargeabl or liable ro or towards repairing or amending of any Highways in the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, D drifts, or Places through which the said Roads shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of the said Roads, and to perform their respective Works thereon in such and the like Manner in every Respect as they are liable to :he Repair of any bt her common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place rel'peftively.

tutTwork

LIII. And for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Statu e thali beap- Work ought to be performed on the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the

portioned. several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the

Persons liable to the Repair of the Roads, &c. to continue 16.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

the fame pals; be it further enacted, Tim it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, being acting Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, from Time to Time to adjudge and order what Part of the Statute Work shall be done in or upon the said Roads hereby directed to be amended, improved, and kept in Repair, and fur what Space of Time, and in what Manner the same shall be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Dilbidts, or Places in or through which the said Roads shall pass.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways in all the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said Roads pals, shall Yearly and every Year within Ten Days after Demand made to them respe&ivtly in Writing by the Surveyor, Clerk,or Treasurer of the said Roads in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of Two or more of the said Trustees being acting Justices of the Peace for the said County, give and deliver to the Person making such Demand, a true and exact Lift or Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Christian and Surname of every Person in their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Roads in such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, and Places, and shall let forth and specify in such Lift what each Person is respectively chargeable with for and towards the fame, and such respective Parish or Townfship Surveyor or Surveyors shall (within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said Turnpike Surveyor of the Time or Times when and where, and how many of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid are to perform their respective Statute or Days Works) summon or give Notice thereof, in the Mode prescribed by Law to the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or TownshipSurveyor or Surveyors shall neglect or refuse to do as heandthey is and are required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorredt orimptrfedl Lifts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Roads, shall after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid neglect or refuse to fend their respectiveTeams, Draughts, Carts,or Wains furnished with Labourers, Oxen, or Horses, according to the Custum of the Country, and properTcols to do and perform such their respective Days Works upon the said Roads, he, she, or they so negltdling or refusing shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain shall be wanting, or shall not be duly employed in that Service; and if any Person or Persons who shall be sent with any Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain, to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent, it shall be deemed as if such Team, Wain, Draught, or Cart had not been sent to work on the said Roads, and the same Sum shall be accordingly forfeited and paid; and if any StacuteWork shall not be performed within the Year in which the fame is due, the same shall be performed in the Course of the succeeding Year.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the Possessors, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any

Part

T3II

Forregulating the Performance thereof.

Trull, es may Co" pound (or Statute Work.

1312 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

Part of the said Roads within their respective Districts, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Perfo.mance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon-, and also thac it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, To«mships, or Places, by and with the Confirm of the Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places first had at any Vestry or other Publick Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year, of otherwise, with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads.

For recover-

LVI. And be it further etiacted. That in case the Composition Money tion Money!" agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpike cr Toll Gate, or in lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Composition Money resptrftively shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money (Oath having been first made before such Trustees, or such Justice or Justices, that the fame hath been demanded and remains due; which Oath the said Trustees, or such Justice or Justices are hereby respectively empowered to administer) to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons, having lo compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand after deducting such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

or Tof hHi- I-VII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the ways are to Highways who shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom the and ComDof^ ^ame ^e recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the Com-tion Money" position Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Costs paid by them. ants Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways, Means, and in such Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Ma-rials for repairing the Highways.

comra" fory

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five

Repairs. or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that PurptXe authorize, delegate, or appoint, are hereby empowered to contrail with any Person or Persons, for making, altering, widening, or repairing the said Roads or any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile or Direction Stones or Posts thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as che said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper , and that all Contrails or Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to any Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by their Clerk or Treasurer, Surveyor or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the fame, his, her, or their Executors and Administrators, and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79. f313

or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Coils recovered against the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contrafts or Agreements respectively } and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be requisite for making or repairing the said Roads, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contrafts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Measure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against such Party, or Person or Persons so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement; any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Profecu- prosecutors tion shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this Act, under and prosecuted the Authority or by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or m emnilei‘ more of them, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

shall, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to the Prosecutor, or such Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced and prosecuted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person or Persons shall really and bond fide have incurred for or by reason of such Action or Prosecution, or any Judgement or Determination therein, and likewise indemnify all such Persons as shall be prosecuted, or have any Action or Actions brought against them for or by reason of any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons To oblige sub-who have subscribed Money, for and towards the amending and repairing [hei^Subfcfin-the Roads hereby authorized to be made or any Part thereof, shall and tions. they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed, within such Time and Times, and in such Parts and Proportions, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same , and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or rtfufe to pay the fame, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suir, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Action Trustees may or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted "mpound for against any Person or Persons for any Penalty or Penalties contained in *ena ues’ this Act, or for Breach or Nonperformance of any Contraft or Contrafts entered into, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to compound or agree for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, instead of receiving the Whole of such Penalty or Penalties; and such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may also rnitigace, compound, or lelTcn any other the Forfeitures [Loe. ft? Per.] 15 G incurred

*3*3

Distress not deemed unlawful for want of Form.

Appeal.

Mileftor.u to be set up.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

incurred under this Act, but the Sum so compounded or agreed for shall not be Irfs then the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non* 5

performance of any such Concraft, and all the Colts, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby, and the Mitigation of the said ]

other Penalties or Forfeitures shall not extend to remit above One Moiety (

of such Penalties and Forfeitures respectively. I

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Penalty or Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall hereafter be done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons so aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe: Provided always, that no Plaintiff shall recover in any Action for such Itregularity, Trespass, or other Proceedings, if Tender of suffic:ent Amends shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, may at any Time before Issue joined, pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person and Persons shall and may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions, to be holden in and for the said County of Oxford within Three Calendar Months next after any Order or Determination of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, such Appellants first giving or causing to be given Six Days Notice at the leait in Writing, of their, or his, or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Four Days next after such Notice given, entering into Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of the said Justices at such Quarter Stllions, and to pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sections or at some Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of the Notice having been given, and of the entering into Recognizance in Manner hrrein-before mentioned, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award such Colts to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of the said Justices at such Sections or Adjournment shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Polls to be set up in or near the Sides of the said Roads at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of every Stone or Poll from any Town or Place, and also such and so many Direction Polls

as

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79. 1315

as to the said Trustres, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet j and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any such Polls or Penalty on Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figure?, or Marks ^ing which shall be inscribed thereon; or if any Perl'on shall ride upon any Riding on Footway adjoining to the said Roads, or shall drive any Horl'e or other Footphhi. Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage, or any Wheelbarrow thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to such Footway; or if Dragging any Perl'on shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Timner or Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, other- Stone‘ wife than upon wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof respectively; or shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing, upon any Part of the said Roads to be made into Manure; or shall scrape off the fame any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Ruad nor let Part of the said Roads with an Iron Rake, or other instrument with sharp ?utt0^,tle Points, or shall pull or force up any Stones, or other Part of the Pavement L.n.is/nor of the said Roads,whereby the said Roads, or any of them, shall be damaged; lay Rubbith or shall lay down any Timber, Hay, Straw, Dung, or any other Matter or *"y],no1!ll(e’ Thing whatsoever upon the faio Roads, or any Part thereof, or shall scrape Cauie. otherwise obstruct or impede the Passage upon the said Roads; or shall way-turn out any Horses, Mares, Cows, or other Cattle or Swine, upon the said Roads hereby to be repaired, or any Part thereof, or in the Ditches adjoining the fame, every Person so offending shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein directed with respect to other Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be For compel* summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice lo attend.'* of the Peace touching any Matter of Fact contained in any Information or Complaint, or any Offence against this Act, either on the Part of the Pio-fecutor, or the Person or Persons accused; or if any Person or Persons shall be furmnoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Oxford, or any Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Act, either upon the Part of the Appellant or Relpondent, and any such Person or Persons respectively shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be lor that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and to give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, or at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cases, every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and pen.iitie» Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed, if the Manner of levy- how to be ing and Recovering thereof is not herein otherwise directed, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One Justice of the Peace of the County or Place wherein the Offence shall he committed, or any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place wherein the Offender shall reside, either by Confession of the Party or Patties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice is hereby

empowered

1316 44° GEORGII lit. Cap. 79.

empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), shall be levied by Did refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending byWarrant or W;,rrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes, and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, shall be, if not othei wile directed to be applied by this Act, from Time to Time paid. Half to the Informer, and Half to any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, and applied in the Repair of the said Roads; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place wherein the Offender shall rtfide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfkd.

For fee tiling

LXVII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by trar.fi> nt of- Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed tenders, (0 pUl this in Execution, be it therefore enacted, Thar it shall be lawful for any of the said Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County cr Place, and near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his or their Appearance at the next Petty Sdlion to be holden within and for the County or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be fiift taken, or by the Justice at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful fur the Did Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the common Gaol or House of Correction, of the same County or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LXVIII. And, for the more eafv and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be

drawn

13r 7

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; ('videlicet),

D e it r membered. That on the Day of in the Year

‘ of our Lord A.B. is convic-

£ trd before uic C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the ‘ County of [or, County of as the Case may be~\

specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame ‘ was committed, as the Case shall be.~\ Given under my Hand and Seal the ‘ Day and Year fiift above written.’

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding of the said Tj uf-tees, (jt of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them rd'pectively, touching or concerning, or in Execution of any Power or Authority veiled in I'uch Trustees, or Justice or Justices respectively, by this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing be given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and every such Action shall be laid in the County of Oxford, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Def ndan'S in every such Action or Suit shall and may pltad at his Election specially or the general Issue, and give this Act or the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act , and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall be thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought elsewhere than in the said County of Oxford, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cales by Law.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders arid Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be made and entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by a competent Number of Trustees; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed by the said Trustees, at any Meeting of Five or more of them the said Trustees, shall be deemed and taken to be origioal Orders, which said Book or Books, and also the said Book directed to be kept for registering the Mortgages and Alignments herein-before mentioned, shall and may be rtad in Evidence in ad ILoc. & Per.] 15 H Cases

Firm cf Co..vie. ion.

Proceedings nor to be qua ftted for Wantof Form*

Li 1 it at ion of Actions.

Treble Costi.

Ord «rs a: d Proceeding! of Trustees 10 be entered.

1318

T’ublick Act.

Commencement and

Duration of the Act.

44.* GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

Cases of Appeal, and in all Suits or Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

LXXIF. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Day on which the said Trustees shall hold their first Meeting as herein-before mentioned, and shall have Continuance from thence for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

9 vT!

<v

>i - iThJBo

i 1 'JJ11 .!

-M v,i bP0j!

I

ifi) WltirMllj :,{J

-IM, r' iMl I ftI) if>ny :\M jf

- i W itm f {

1: "'"K H ’ - <-;i -.1:a. ttJ

-i j.iDijfilit 4, Jijj

:'inw ttoy.X.»t.-ifr . ' ' <!' rjur. , «b tijt*

3

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow on the Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in Execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in Repair.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for enabling the Keepers 43 G. j.

and Governors of the PeJfessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates of the said John Lyon, the Ktepers and Governors of tie Possessisns, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow upon the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, and their Successors, were enabled, by any Indenture or Indentures under the Corporate Seal of thefiid Keepers and Governors, to detnife, Icale, and to farm let, all or any Part of the Pieces or Parcels of

Cap. 80.

[ioth July 1804.]

ILoc. fc? Per.}

15 I -

Land,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 80.

Land, Tenements, Meadows, Pastures, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, Hereditaments, and Premises, to them settled and afiured, by an Indenture bearing Date on or about the Nineteenth Day of December in the 1 wenty-fifth Year of the Reign of our late Lady Queen Elizabeth, and in the said recited Act let forth, for the Purpose of amending and repairing the Highway from the Town of Harrow upon the Hill unto 'he City of London, called Harrow (Hay, by Harlstone and Paddington, to such Person or Persons as they the said Keepers and Governors, and their Succtfiors, should think proper, for any Term or Number of Yeats not exceeding Ninety-nine Years; and that every such Lease and Leases should commence from the Day next before the Day of the Date of such Lease or Leases, on the Terms, and subject to the Restrictions, Conditions, Provisoes, Rents, Reservations, and Covenants, in the said recited Act mentioned; and all’o to renew the fame Lease or Leases, either by accepting a Surrender or Surrenders of the fame, at any Time during the Term or Terms so to be granted, or upon or at the Expiration of such Lease or Leases so to be granted or thereafter to be granted; and the said Keepers and Governors and their Successurs, were enabled to grant and give Licence unto any Person or Persons who should be willing to build upon the fame Land and Premises, or any Part thereof, in the Manner by the Lease or respective Leases to be granted thereof, to be specified, with Liberty for the Lessee or L ffees to take down all or any Part or Parts of the Buildings Aanding upon the Premises in any such Lease or Leases to be respectively comprized, and to convert and dispose of the Matetials thereof to such Uses and Purposes as should be therein mentioned and agreed upon; and that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Keepers and Governors and their Successors, to give and grant Licence to any Person or Persons to dig and take Brick Earth and Gravel from off the said demifrd Premilts, under such Rates, Rent', and for such Term, as the said Keepers and Governors should find expedient and fitting, so as such Brick Earth and Gravel should not be dug or taktn from any Part of the said Lands, but such only thereof as were or should be actually designed for the Purpose of Building, or to be laid to the Mrfiuages b'r Buildings to be created on the lame, or used as Streets, Passages, Squares, Areas, or Highways; and the said Keepers and Governors, and their Successors, were enabled to lay out and appropriate, or grant Leave and Licence to the Leffce or Lr flees thereof to lay out and appropriate, any Part of the Premises as or for a Garden or Gardens, or for building Offices, and for Court Yards and Areas to the Messuage or Messuages, which might be built upon the Premises, or as or for a Way or Ways, Passage or Passages, for the Use and Convenience of the Lessee or Leffces, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises, or as publick Streets, Squares, Paths, and Passages; and the said Keepers and Governors were, by the said recited Act, directed to pay, defray, and discharge all the Costs, Charges, and Expencts incident to and attending the applying for and obtaining and passing the said recited Act and of carrying the fame into Execution, out of the Rrnts and Profits of such Lands and Premises, and to apply and dispose of the Remainder of such Kents and Profits to and for the Ule, Intent, and Purpose of repairing and amending of the Highway from the said Town of Harrow upon the Hi I unto the City of London, called Harrow Way, by Harlstone and Paddington, in Manner directed and mentioned in and by the said recited Indenture bear ng Date on or about the Nineteenth Day of December in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Q^ieen Elizabeth: And whereas

44° GEORGII III. Cap. So. 1323

by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the 7G. i, c. is. H ft, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Ktlburne B i 'ge, and for paving Oxford Road; and by One other Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act. 8 G- * e-

- passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Ft ft, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourn Bridge in the County of Middlesex, and for paving that Part of the Road called O.fcxd Street: And whereas by One other Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the R' ign of His laid late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads *9 G- leading to Highgate Galehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourn Bridge,r» the County of Middlesex, to make a new Road from the peat Northern Road at Islington to the Edgware R >ad near Paddington, and afo from the North End of Pan land Street, across the Farthing Pyc House Fields, into the said new Road, and for enlargi’g the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts, for repairing the said Road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourn Bridge; and by One other Act, made in ti e Twenty-rhird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in *jG j. c.no. the Seventh Tear of King George the First, and the Eighth Tear of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Saint Giles’s Pound to K»lourne Bridge, and for paving Oxford Road; and also of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gate* house and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kiloourne, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at JJlington to the Edgware Road near Paddington, so far as the fame is by the said Act directed to be under the Management of the Trustees of the said Two first-mentioned Acts , certain Persons were appointed Trustees for repairing the said several Roads: And whereas so much of the Road by the said recited Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, directe 1 to be amended and kept in Repair, as leads from the Place where Saint Giles’s Pound formerly flood, to the Red Lyon at Paddington, lies between the said Town of Harrow upon the Hill and the said City of London, and is Part of the Highway directed to be repaired and amended by the said Keepers and Governors by the said recited Indenture bearing Date on or about the Nineteenth Day of December in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth-, and such Part of the Did Road is of the Length of One Mile and Seven Furlongs and Fourteen Poles, or thereabouts: And whereas by an Act, made in the Forty-fiift Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widen- *iG. j. c.iig. ing, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hill in the County of Middlesex, certain Persons weic nominated and appointed Trustees for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and for otherwise carrying the said Act into Execution; it was by the said last recited Act (amongst oilier Things) enacted, 'I hat where any particular Part of the said Road, or ary Bridge, Drain, or Sewer, being in and upon the said Road, which had been accuftcintd or cu. ht to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bidy Politick or Corporate, by reason of the T enure of any Lands, To emencs, or Hereditaments, or otherwise, or by any County, or any Parish, 1 ownship, or Pi ce therein,

every such Part of the said Road, Bridge, Drain, or Sewer, should from Time

X32f

Plan or the li'iikTinps to Le a proved of hv the Trustees acting under *3 G- 3-

44° G EO RGII III. Cap. So.

Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, County, Parish, Township, or Place, and in such Manner as the lame were respectively maintained and kept in Repair before the passing the said Act: And it was further enacted, that all Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which then were or thereafter should be liable to the amending any Part of the said Road, and all Owners, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Annuities, or of any Sum or Sums ot Money which had been given or were liable to the amending or maintaining any Part of the said Road, or any Bridge or Bridges, causeway or causeways, Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains therein, should ftiil remain liable and chargeable to the Repairs thereof, in such Manner as they were before the passing of this Act: And whereas so much of the Read by the said recited Act made in the Forty-first Yeas of the Reign of His present Maj.-fty, directed to be amended and kept in Repair, as lies between the Red Lyon at Paddington aforesaid, and the Church at the said Town of Harrow upon the Hill, is the remaining Parc of the Highway directed to be repaired and amended by the said Keepers and Governors by tie said recited Indenture bearing Date on or about the Nineteenth Day of December in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, and is of the Length of Nine Miles and Three Furlongs Twenty-one Poles and Five Yards and One Half, or thereabouts: And where is it would enable the said Keepers and Governors to carry the In-ten s and Purposes of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Rtignof His present Majesty, into better Efted, if they were enabled to pay the Rents and Prefits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, demiled and leased by them by virtue of xhe_laid recited Acts, in certain Proportions, to the said respectiveTiuftees, to be by them applied in like Manner and with the like Powers as the Tolls granted and made payable by virtue of the said several recited Acts made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Firit, and in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign ol King George the Second, and in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, arc directed to be applied; and if the Plans or the Buildings to be treded on such Lands and Grounds, and the Leases thereof, were submited to the Inspection and Approbation of the said respective Trullees: But as such several Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and.be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for and during the Continuance of the said recited Acts made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, no such Lease of any such Lands and Premises shall be made or granted by the said Keepers and Governors, or their Successors, until a Plan or Scheme of the Building or Building-intended to be erected on the said Lands and Premiieslhall have been prepared and laid before the Trustees appointed by or acting under and by virtue of the said recited Acts made in the Seventh Year of tire Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a: some one of their Meetings to be

hulden

x 32 5

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8o.

holden in pursuance of the said recited Acts; r.or unless such Plan or Scheme shall be approved by the major Part of such Trustees present ac such Meeting, and such Approval shall be ratified and confirmed by the Majority of such Trustees present at some subsequent Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Acts made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Eighth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, for and during the earr*’.*2 Continuance of the said recited Act made in the Forty-first Year of the by the Truf-Reign of His present Majesty, no such Lease of such Lands and Pre-rnifes to be made or granted by the said Keepers and Governors, or their q" 5 Successors, shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, save and except such Lease shall have been submicted to, and shall have received the Consent and Approbation of any Nine or more of the said Trustees acting in Execution of the said recited Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and being also Keepers and Governors as aforesaid, such Trustees being assembled at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance thereof, and signifying such Consent and Approbation in Writing under their Hands.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, as well on the Part of the said Keepers and Governors as of the said Trustees, shall in the fiift Place be paid, defrayed, and discharged by the said Keepers and Governors out of the Rents and Profits of such Lands and Premises received or to be received by the said Keepers and Governors; and the Remainder of such Rents and Profits shall from Time to Time be accounted for and paid over by the said Keepers and Governors, to the respective Trustees acting under the said reqited Acts, or their respective Treasurrrs for the Time being, in the Proportions following; (that is to say). Two full and equal Eleventh Parts thereof, to the Trustees of the Roads from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourn, and Nine full and equal Eleventh Parts thereof, to the Trustees of the said Roads from Piuliington to Harrow, to be by them from Time to Time applied in making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road leading from Harrow to London, and other the Purposes, Matters, and Things necessary to be done in the Execution of the said recited Acts, and in paying the Interest and Principal of any Money borrowed or to be borrowed by virtue thereof, and the Costs and Charges of making such Se> nrities and in all Respects in like Manner as the Tolls and Duties pa\able under and by virtue of the said Acts, are or maybe liable to be paid and applied, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

For paying the Colts of the Ait.

Rents and Profits io be paid to the Tiuftee8 in certain Proportions.

IV. And be it further enacted, That an Account or Accounts of the Accounts of Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, so the Ken'9 and i'etthd and allured as aforesaid, and how and in what Marnier the fame kcothytiit* shall have been paid, divided, and applied, shall be made up by the Did Keepers and Keepers and Governors, or their Clerk, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March indTrani-*’ in each and every Year, and such Account or Accounts shall, within mined to the Thirty Days next after the Twenty-fourth Day of June in each and every (jLer. Ss* Per.2 15 K Year,

1336 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 80.

Year, be transmitted by them to the respective Clerks for the Time being of the said respective Trustees acting under the said several recited Acts* and every such Account shall be, by such last mentioned Clerks respectively, laid before their respective Trustees at the next Meeting of such Trustees respectively, after the fame Accounts shall be so transmitted to him or them as aforesaid.

Jake'uD Ac- And ^urt^er enacted, That an Account or Accounts of all

Monies received in pursuance of this Act, and in what Manner such Monies have been Disbursed or expended, shall be made up by the respective Clerks of the said Trustees appointed by or acting under the said recited Acts, to the said Twenty-fifth Day of March in each and every Year , and such respective Accounts shall, within Thirty Days from the said Twenty-fifth D ty of March, be transmitted by them to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Keepers and Governors; and every such Account shall be by such Clerk laid before such Keepers and Governors for their In-spedlion.

[Publick Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and when so printed may be given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and before all Justices and Judges whomsoever, who shall take judicial Notice thereof in like Manner as if the lame had been declared to be a

counts of all Monies received by them from the Keepeis and Governors.

Att to be printed by the King’s Printer.

I-ONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

A

i

A

ad

iti

hi

;sr

* ,ty

’l

*i

It

I'

i j.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

K '

i

M - GEORGII III. REGIS.

)! '

i :'

tr

Cap. 81.

h An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in

the Counties of Banff, Elgin, Aberdeen, and Inverness’, for building Bridges over the River Spey-, and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff.

[14th July 1804.]

WHEREAS the Roads herein-after mentioned, in the County of Banff, and within those Parts of the County of Elgin adjoining thereto, and lying to the South and Ealt of the River Spey, and also in the adjoining Parts of the Counties of Aberdeen and Inverness, are in bad Repair, narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to Travellers; that is to say, the Road from the Bridge of Banff to the River Spey at or near Boat of Bog, passing through the Parishes of Banff, Boyndie, Fordyce, Dejhford, Cullen, Rathven, and Bellie; the Read from Turriff to Portsoy joining the above Road, with a Branch leading from the same to Banff, and, passing through the Parishes of Turriff’, Forglen, Marnoch, Alva, Banff, Boyndie, and Fordyce; the Road from Banff to Hunt/y, by One or Two Lines, parting through the Parishes of Banff, Boyndie, Alva, Forglen, Fordyce, Ordequbill, Marnoch, Inverkeithney, Rothiemay, Grange, Forgue, Drumblade, Gartly, Cairney, and Huntly; the Road from Portsoy to Huntly, joining the above if necessary, and passing through the Parishes lad above mentioned, with a Branch leading from the fime to Keith, and parting through the said Parishes and the Parish of Keith; the Road from Banff to Grantown by Keith, with a Branch leading from the [Loc. Esf Per.] 15 L fame

33°

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

fame to Portsoy, passing through the Parishes of Banff, Alva, Boyndie, For-dyce, OrdequbtH, Dejkford, Rothumay, Grange, Keith, Boharm, Botriphney, Cairney, Glass, Mortlach, dberlour, Inveraven, Kirkmicbael, Cromdale, Aberne-thie, Inverallan, and Advie the R oad from Portsoy to Keith, passing through the Parishes of Fordyce, Dejkford, Grange, and Keith; the Road from CuLen to Keith, joiuing the Road last above mentioned, and passing through the Parishes of Cullen, Dejkford, Fordyce, Grange, Rothiemay, Rath-ven, and Keith; the Road from Huntly to lnveraven, passing through the Parishes of Huntly, Gartly, Glass, Cabrach, Botriphney, Mortlacb, Aberlour, Kirkmichael, and lnveraven; the Ruad from Huntly to Fochabers, passing through the Parishes of Huntly, Gartly, Glass, Cairney, Bo-triphncy, Keith, Grange, Boharm, Rathven, and Bellie; the Road from Keith to Boat of Bridge, passing through the Parishes of Keith, Botriphney, Boharm, and Bellie-, the Road from Mortach to Garmouth, by Boat of Bridge, passing through the Parishes of Mortlach, Aberlour, Glass, Botriphney, Boh ,rm, Rothes, and Speymouth-, the Road from Keith to Tamin-toul, passing through the Parishes of Keith, Botriphney, Glass, Boharm, Mortlach, Aberlour, lnveraven, and Kirkmichael; and the Paid Roads cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, repaired, and kept in Repair by the Funds and Means provided and prescribed by the Laws now in force, nor unless further Powers are given, and Regulations made for that Purpose by Authority of Parliament: And whereas the Passages across the River Spy are often dangerous for Travellers, and it is therefore expedient that Two Bridges should be built over the said River: And whereas the Laws now subsisting for the making of Roads, and building of Bridges, and repairing the fame, have been found ineffectual, in the said County of Banff, to make and maintain the Roads through the fame generally, and other and farther Powers are necessary in order to carry the Purposes of the said Laws into Execution, and it is attended wi h Difficulty to make effectual, and properly to apply the Statute Work in the said County: And whereas a reasonable Composition in Monty in lieu of actual Labour, is in many Places found to be more useful and effectual for the Purposes of making and repairing the Roads, as well as more easy and convenient for the Persons liable in Statute Services, than the actual Performance; and it would therefore be of Advantage to the said County of Banff to convert the Statute Services into Money, and to ascertain the Rates thereof, and the Mode of levying the fame, and to authorize an additional Assessment beyond that at present allowed to be imposed on the Heritors of Lands and other Persons in the said County, for making Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, through the fame; but as these several Purposes cannot be effectually accompliffied without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ifteos for and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who, in his own Turnpike Right, or in the Right of his Wife, now is or hereafter shall be in the actual Possession and Enjoyment as Proprietor or Life Renter of Lands in the said County of Banff, or within those Parishes or Parts of the said Counties of Elgin, Aberdeen, and Inverness, through which the Roads before mentioned pass, valued in the Cel's Books of the said Counties at One hundred Pounds Scots; and all and every the eldest Sons of such Persons $ One Guardian of each Minor enjoying and possessing

Lands

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Lands of the Valuation aforesaid; One Trullee of every Estate of the said Valuation veiled in Trull; One Manager or Factor for each Corporation or associated Body holding Lands of the said Valuation; the Provost and eldest Baillie of the Burgh of Banff; the eldell Baillie of the Burgh of Cul'len; the chief Magistrate of Mac Duff, Portsoy, Keith, Huntly, and Fochabers; the Sheriff Depute of the County of Banff or his Substitute; all for the Time being shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, and causing to be surveyed, made, amended, repaired, and kept in Repair, the several Roads before mentioned, and the Bridges thereupon; and for putting in Execution all the Powers and Authorities by this Act given and granted respecting the said Roads.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, or Penalties or as herein-after mentioned, shall, notwithstanding, presume to act as a 3mauled *0t Trullee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling,

besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by summary Complaint, at the Suit of any Heritor of the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriffs Depute or Substitute of Banffshire, and to be paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

III. And be it enacted, That if any of the said Trustees shall Trust«snot accept or hold any Place of Profit arising out of this Act, by reason p^omo-of any Tolls or Duties hereby granted, he shall be incapable of acting fit under thii, as Trullee during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit; and that Act>

no Toll Gatherer shall fell or retail Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, without a Special Permission for that Purpose from the said Trustees, or from the Committees appointed by them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven Time and or more of them, shall hold their first Hated or General Meeting by virtue Meewng of this Act, at Banff, upon the Nineteenth Day of Ju'y One thousand andOrdemT eight hundred and four; or as soon after as conveniently may be; Pr0<:edure and their Second stated General Meeting, on the Day on which the Michaelmas Meeting of the Freeholders of the said County for the said Year is held; and shall thereafter hold Two stated General Meetings in each Year, during the Continuance of this Act, One upon the Day on which the Commissioners of Supply shall meet for assessing the said County in the Land Tax, and the other upon the Day of the Michaelmas Meeting of Freeholders of the said County, yearly, with Power to the said Trustees, or Majority of those present at the said stated or other General Meeting, to adjourn to such other Time and Place as they shall think convenient, with Power also to name Committees of their Number, being Heritors in the respective Parishes through which the Roads pass, or Subscribers to any of the Roads mentioned in this Act, to the Extent of One hundred Pounds, each Heritor not present having Power to act by his Agent or Factor, specially authorized by a Writing under his Hand for that Purpose, to have the more immediate Care and Management of particular Parts

of

133 2

Quorum of Trustees.

Trustees to keep Books.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8i,

of the said Roads, and to give these Committees (whereof Three to be a Quorum) such Indruftions and such Powers for carrying this Act into Execution as they shall think fit and expedient; and also with Power to the said Trustees, both in their General Meetings and Committee Meetings, to appoint Clerks, Cashiers, Collectors, Surveyors, Overseers, and other Officers, with reasonable Salaries for their Trouble; all which Clerks, Cashiers, Collectors, and others appointed to Offices of Trull, shall find Security for the due Execution of their Offices, and shall account to such Committee or other Persons appointed to receive their Accounts, Once every Twelve Months, or oftener (if required), for all Monies received by them, and pay over the Balance to the Trustees or their Order; and in case of Default in accounting or Payment, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff’s Depute or Substitute, at the Suit of the said Trustees, to commit the Defaulter to Prison till a faithful Account be rendered, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the Balance due from him as aforesaid, which Composition the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to make: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for Want of sufficient Goods or Property whereon to make Diitrefs for such Balance, for any longer Space of Time than Three Months.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Quorum or Number of

Trustees necessary to do Business in General Meetings shall be Seven; but if only One, or any Number less than Seven, shall be present at any of the stated or other General Meetings, such Trustee or Trustees shall have Power to adjourn the Meeting; and in that Cafe, Notice shall be given of the Day, Place, and Purposeof such adjourned Meeting, byTwo several Advertisements in the Aberdeen Newspapers, the First of such Advertise-rnents being at lead Fourteen Days before the Day of such adjourned Meeting; and the Clerk of the said Trustees shall have Power, and he is hereby required when directed, (by a Writing under the Hands of any Two or more Trustees,) to call at any Time a General Meeting, giving the like previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of the Meeting; and at such Meeting no Business shall be entered or decided upon, other than what is specified in the Notice given as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of any stated or General Meeting to refeind, alter, or vary the Determination of any former dated or General Meeting, unless previous Notice of the Intention of so doing, and the Time ana Place of the Meeting, be given by Advertisements in the Aberdeen Newspapers as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Proceedings of the said Trustees, and an exact Account of all the Money received by virtue of this Act, and of the Application of the fame, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerks to the Committees appointed by the said Trustees, whole Duty it shall be to enter and record regularly all these Proceedings and Accounts, and for that Purpose to call for and oblige the Receivers, Tacksmen, and Cashiers, to produce their Accounts and Vouchers thereof; and in case of their neglecting so to do, they shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding their Year’s Salary; which Books of Account and Proceedings shall be open to the Inspection of every Heritor in the County of Banff, and of those Parts of the Counties of Aberdeen, Elgin, and In-

verne/s,

*333

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

oerr.efs, before mentioned, adjoining thereto, or Subscribers to ary of the Roads comprehended in this Act to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Sterling, without Fee or Reward 5 and in case of Misapplication of Money borrowed, collected, received, or levied by or under this Act, all ami every Person or Persons who shall so misapply, or by whose Authority the Misapplication shall be made, shall forfeit double the Surn mimppHed, with Colls of Suit, to be recovered at the Suit of any Two or more Heritors of the County of Banff, or ot those Parts of the Counties of Aberdeen, Elgin, and Inverness, adjoining thereto as aforesaid, by a summary Process before the C >urt of Session, out of which Sum, when recovered, the Sum so misapplied shall be paid to the Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder be divided into Two Moieties, One to be paid to the Trustees for the like Purposes, and the other to the Persons luing for the fame; and Committees appointed as aforesaid shall be accountable to the G. neral Meetings, and for that Purpose shall lay before them, O ice in the Year at lead, a State of their Accounts, and all other their Transactions, to be by them at One of their dated General Meetings examined, audited, and approved; and in case of Failure or Neglect, the Clerk of the General Meeting shall, and he is hereby required to apply to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County, or to the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or adjourned Quarter Sessions, which Sheriff or Justices shall grant a Warrant for summoning the Clerk of the Committee lo tailing, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Failure or Neglect is imputed, and on Proof of such Failure or Neglect shall fine him or them in a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling, to be paid to the said Trustees, to be by them applied to the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Act, in the Name < f their Clerk and Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit wherein the said Trustees shall be concerned as Pursuers or Defenders, in the Name of their Clerk an t Treasurer, by vir;ue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, but that the Clerk and Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed to be the Purluer or Defender (as the Case may be) in every such Action.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at their First Meeting, or at any of the hated Meetings assembled, or at a Meeting ad vended as aforesaid for that fpttial Purpose, may direct and authorize Gates and Turnpikes to be erected across any Part of the said Roads, or on any Bridges which may be built under the Authority of this Act over the River Spey, and also to erect such Number of Toll Houses as they shall think fit, and may authorize their Collectors or Taclcfmen under their Authority, to take and levy at each of the said Gates, before any Passage be permitted, a Surn or Sums of Money not exceeding the following Rates; that is to say.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calafti, or other such Carriage with Four Wheels, drawn by Six or more Horles or Heafts cf Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Stef ling; and drawn by Four Ilorles or other Beasts of Draught, the gum of [Loc. Ssf Per.J 15 M Three

Trustees miy

f:«e nnd be find in tit Name o li.eif Cle* k and I realurer»

£or ere'bn£ Turnpike*

Toil*

*334-

Tru (lees may lower Tolls and raile them again;

and ltfTen Tolls tin Carriages I,den with Line and Manure.

Trustees may ereiit Weighing Engines.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81,

I’hree Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts ot Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses or ocher Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horie or other Bealt of Draught, the Sum of bight-pence Sterling:

For every Chaise, Gig, Curricle, or other like Carriage with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Carriage, commonly called a Taxed Cart, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other like Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beall of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, with or without a Rider, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, Neat Cattle, Asses, Horses, or Fillies, unfhod, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, I.ambs, or Goats, the Sum of Five-pence Sterling per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they hereby are empowered to diminish or leifen any or all of the said Rates upon any One or more of the said Roads, or any Part thereof, with the Consent of the Persons entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, but not otherwise; and also to raise the Rates again, if they shall see Cause, but so as not at any Time to exceed the Rates authorized as aforesaid by this Act.

X. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, in any of their flated General Meetings assembled, if they fee Cause, to diminish, for such Length of Time as they shall judge fit, the Tolls payable for Wains or other Carriages drawn by Oxen, or Carriages employed in transporting Lime and other Manure, such Diminution not exceeding One Half of the Tolls payable for the fame Carriages drawn by Horses, and loaded with other Articles, and to raise the said Tolls again,

To as that the same shall not at any Time exceed the Race of Tolls by this Act granted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall, if they find it necessary, cause Weighing fcngines to be crested upon such Parts of the said Roads as they think fit, for weighing all Carriages that shall pal's along the said Roads, and shall receive

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 81. 1335

ceive and take (over and above the Tolls hereby granted), the following Sums of Money as additional Tolls: For every Hundred Weight, of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, which any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any of the said Weighing Engines, over and above the Weight which such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage is allowed to weigh, without paying additional Toll, that is to say* for the First and Second Hundred, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling for each Hundred; for every Hundred of such Overweight above Two Hundred and not exceeding Five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; for every Hundred of such Over-weight above Five Hundred and not exceeding Ten Hundred, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; for every Hundred of such Over-weight above Ten Hundred and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and for every Hundred of such Over-weight above Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling, before they respectively Hull be permitted to pass through such Gate or Turnpike, and the lame shall be applied as the other Polls are by this Act directed to be applied; and in case any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstruct the weighing of afryTuch Carriage as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, nor less than Five Shillings Sterling, besides all necessary Expences.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, Regulation* shall be allowed to pals without paying any additional loll, provided such "eWcieSt of Waggon, CaTt, or Carriage, with its Loading, does not weigh more than Carriages, the Weights following; videlicet, every Waggon or Four Wheeled Carriage having the Fellies of Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, Eight Tons in Summer, and Seven Tons in W inter; every Waggon or Wain having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Breadth

of Nine Inches, Six Tons in Summer, and Five Tons and a Half in Winter; to every Cart having the Fellies of the Breadth of Nine Inches,

Three Tons in Summer, and Two Tons Fifteen hundred Weight in Winter; to every Waggon having the Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches,

FourTons and One Quarter in Summer, and Three Tons and ThreeQuarters in Winter; to every Cart having the Fellies of the Breadth ot Six Inches, Two Tons Twelve hundred Weight in Summer, and Two Tons Seven hundred Weight in Winter; to every Waggon having the Fellies of less Breadth than Six Inches, Three Tons and a Half in Summer, and Three Tons in Winter; to every Cart having the Fellies of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Two or more Horses, One Ton and a

Half in Summer, and One Ton Seven hundred Weight in Winter; and to every such Cart drawn by One Horse, One Ton both in Summer and Winter; and, for the aforesaid Purposes, it shall be deemed Summer from the First Day of May to the Thirty-First Day of October, and Winter from the First Day of November to the Thirtieth Day of April, both inclusive.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money so to be raised and Tolls veil'd in collected as aforesaid shall, and is hereby declared to be vested in the the Trutteei. said Trustees, and shall be {triftly applied to and for the Uses and Pnr-

poses by this Act directed; nor shall any Part thereof be expended with- out their Orders, or the Orders of their Committees, or other Persons , authorized

*336

Tolls may be

levied by Distress.

Toll Houses and Gates vested in Ti ultees.

Trustees may purchase Lands, and ere* Toll Houses.

Application of the Tolls.

Trustees to erect Side Bars.

44* GEOPvGII III. Cap. Sr,

authorized by General Meetings; and if any Person or Persons', subject to the Payment of 1’olis hereby granted, shall, after Demand made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, the said Trustees shall be, and are hereby empowered by themselves, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Carriage, upon which such Toll is imposed, and to keep such Cattle or Carriage until the 1 oil and Charges of the Distress be paid, and after the Expiration of Six Days, to fell the Cattle or Carriage distrained by publick Roup, at the Toll House where the Toll should have been paid, returning the Overplus to the Owner on Demand, (if any be), after Deduction of such Toll, and all Charges for distraining, keeping, appraising, and felling the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every the said Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and Premises to be erected in virtue of this Act, and Materials thereof, with the Materials that shall becollefted and dug up for making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges, shall be vested in the said Trustees, who may, and are hereby authorized, to dispose of them as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of this Act only.

XV. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to erect the Toll Houses necessary for collecting the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to purchase or take in Lease such Pieces of Ground as they (halt judge most convenient, not exceeding One Fourth of an Acre for each House; and it they cannot agree with the Proprietor and Occupier of the Ground, they shall apply to the Quarter Sessions of the County, who shall have Power, and are hereby required to oblige such Proprietor or Occupier to give a Lease of the said Ground, for any Term not exceeding the Continuation of this Act, and fix the Rent of the same.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That at any of the annual stated General Meetings of the said Trustees, (the Purpose of the said Meeting being specially announced by publick Advertisement in the Aberdeen Newspaper), it shall be lawful for them to direct the Tolls atifing at the Turnpike or Toll Barserested or to be erected on the said Roads, to be applied towards the making, repairing, and upholding of the aforesaid Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; and as soon as the same shall be so adjusted, the Clerk of the said Trustees is hereby authorized and required to enter and record the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose: Provided always, that in all Time thereafter during the Continuance of this Act, it (halt not be in the Power of the said Trustees, or of any Number of them, to vary or alter the final Determination or Allocation so made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to erect or cause to be erected One or more Gate or Gates on the Side or Sides of the said respecti ve Road's, and acrossarty Lane or Way leading out of the fame; and also a Toll House at each such Gate, and there to take and receive such Tolls as are hereby granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at any such Side Gate or Cross Bar shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pass Toll-free through the next Gate or

Turnpike,

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 8r.

Turnpike, if within Six Miles, on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock on the succeeding Night.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person occupying any Lands or other Premises near to any of the said Roads shall assist or be ac-cefTary in permitting any Person to pass over the fame, or through any Gate or Passage, with any Horse, Beast, or Carriage, liable to pay Toll by virtue of this Act, or shall connive thereat, or shall forcibly pals through or assist any Person in passing through any Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected on the said Roads, whereby the Payment of such Toll may be evaded, such Person so permitting or conniving at, and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Horle, Beast, or Carriage, through such Grounds or private Passage with or without the Knowledge or Consent of the Occupier thereof, and any Person or Persons riding or driving any Horse, Beast, or Carriage through any private Road, whereby the Payment of the Toll may be avoided, or forcibly passing through any Turnpike Gate, being convicted thereof by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnessfes before the Sheriff’s Depute or Substitute, or any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County where the Offence shall be committed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees or their Collector or Collectors, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or Horses, Ox or Oxen, or other Beast of Draught from any Carriage at or before the same shall come to any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby imposed, or any Part thereof, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Roads any Carriage, or any Horse, Beast, or Cattle with such Intent as aforesaid, each and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof convicted in Manner above mentioned, shall forfeit and pay to the Trustees appointed to put this Act in Execution, or to their Collector for the Time being, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons travelling on the said Roads in a Coach, Chaise, or any other Carriage whatsoever, shall flop before coming to a Turnpike Gate and walk through the Gate, or in case any Person or Persons shall unload any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage travelling along the said Roads before coming to a Turnpike, such Person or Persons shall pay the Tolls and Duties by this Act imposed, in the same Manner as if such Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage had gone through the Turnpike Gate without being unloaded; and if such Person or Persons shall refuse to pay such Tolls and Duties, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, nor less than Ten Shillings Sterling, to the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors, for each of such Carriages.

[Loc. & hr.] r 5 N

13 37

Penalty on Persons going or permitting others to go through any Gate.

Penalty on taking off Horse s, etc.

Penalty on unloading Carriages before coming to a Gate.

Tolls to be paiit only Once a Day.

1

Penalty on Persons dif-po'iing of or receiving Tickets to avoid Payment of Tolls.

P-rfons and Things exempted from Toll*.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having paid the T.olls or Dudes herein-before granted at any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, shall, on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night, to Twelve of the Clock on the succeeding Night), be liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties at any Gate or Turnpike through which they shall have passed for the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, drawn by the fame Horses or other Bealls of Draught, or for the fame Horse of other Bead or Cattle, for which any such Toll shall have been paid.

XXII. And for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the said Tolls or Duties, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having paid the Toll or Duty by this Act imposed, and having a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll or Duty, shall give or dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons in order to avoid Payment of the said Toll or Duty, every such Person so giving or disposing of such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, and the Person receiving the fame, being convicted thereof upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses or otherwise, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, or before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County where the Offence shall be committed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, norless than Ten Shillings Sterling, to the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further er.acted and declared, That no Person or Persons shall be charged with any of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid for passing through any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, who shall not travel above Two hundred Yards on any of the said Roads or Highways; nor any Person carrying or conveying Stones or other Materials for making, repairing, and building any of the said Roads and Bridges, or other publick Roads and Bridges within the said Counties, or any of the causeways within or belonging to the fame j nor shall any Occupier or Occupiers of Land be charged with any of the Duties or Tolls aforesaid, for passing from One Part to another of the farpe Farm; nor shall any Occupier or Occupiers of Fields or Borough Roods be liable to pay any of the said Tolls or Duties for any Horses or Carriages carrying Dung to the said Fields or Roods for the Use of the said Fields or Roods; nor carrying any Corn in the Straw, Hay, or Grass, being the Produce of the said Fields or Roods, to the Place where the said Com in the Straw, Hay, or Grass is usually kept or used by the said Occupier or Occupiers; nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded from any Person or Persons who shall pass or return through the said Turnpikes to or from their Parish Church, Chapel, or any other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, belonging to or situated within the Parish where such Person resides, upon Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Persons who shall pass or return on attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the Roads hereby directed to be repaired do lie; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or IVIinifleiial Duty on Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for Horses or Cattle

*3 39

4+° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

going to or returning from pafluring or watering Places, or going to Smithies for the Purpose of being (hod j nor for any Horses or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Poll Mailer General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms of Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any Tick, wounded, or dif'abled Officers or Soldiers; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants or Criminals sent with legal Passes; and if any Perl'on shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll Bar shall be erected, or Tolls notto Toll levied on any of the said Roads, until at leaf! One Half of the Sum part^ftheSum estimated for making such Roads shall be subscribed, and paid to a estimated for Treasurer appointed by the said Trustees; and that if any Turn- g^'ng^he pikes areere&ed under the Authority of this Act, within a less Biftance and Toils to ’ of each other than Six Miles, any Person or Persons producing a once'in°sixy Ticket to shew that he, she, or they have paid the Tolls at One Gate, Miles, shall not pay any farther Tolls or Duties, till the Distance exceeds Six Statute Miles from the Gate at which he, she, or they shall have paid: Provided always, that the said Exemptions shall only take place in the Cafe of any Person or Persons continuing to travel on the fame Line of Road, or Branches thereof, and shall not be applicable to the Tolls leviable at any Toll Bar or Gates eretted or to be erected under the Authority of any Act for any of the adjoining Counties, nor to the Tolls leviable on any Bridge or Bridges over the River aforesaid, which may be exacted without Regard to the Distance from any Toll Bars established on the Roads under the Authority of this Act as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees mny Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to accept Sub-acc'PfSub-scriptions for such Sum or Sums of Money as may be requisite for the pariicubrfor making or Amendment of the said Bridges, or of any particular Part or P-ms of the Parts of the said Roads, and for securing the Repayment thereof, with oumhe Mo-y Interest, to assign the Tolls hereby authorized to be levied on the said neytherum Bridges and Roads; and that it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees accordin8’)'-to contract and agree with the Person or Persons lending Money as aforesaid, for the making or Amendment of the said Bridges, cr any particular Part of the said Roads as aforesaid, to apply the fame in making or amending such Bridges, Roads, or Parts of Roads, and they are hereby required to lay out and apply the Money so lent for that express Purpose accordingly: Provided, that no such Subscription shall be received or Agreement entered into, for a Space of Road less than Six Miles in Length; and that no Turnpike or Toll Bar shall be erected, or Tolls taken on any such particular Space or Portion of Road, until Four Miles of the Six Miles nearest to the Place where such Turnpike or

Toll

i'34°

Surplus Mo-neyj alter paying Repairs and In-terelt, to »o to pay Principil of the Debt.

Mode of repairing; lloadj to be determined at General Meetings.

Power to build a ttiidge.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Toll Bar shall be erected, shall be well and sufficiently made, amended, or repaired.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the surplus Produce of the Tolls, after defraying the Expence of Repairs and other necessary Charges on the Roads, and paying the Interest of Money borrowed, subscribed, and advanced, shall be appropriated annually to extinguish the Principal of the Debt and Money raised by Subscription upon that particular Road, and to no other Purpose, and it shall not be in the Power of the Trustees, without the Consent of Five-sixths of the Subscrioers and Creditors in Value, to diminish the Tolls once established, until the Debt and Subscription Money received are paid.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Paid Trustees shall proceed to put this Act in Execution at such Periods, and in respect to such Part of the Roads only as shall be agreed and determined

at some of the annual flated General Meetings held under this Act, or some special adjourned General Meeting, to be called by the Clerk, for the Purpose of settling and determining the fame, by Advertisement, inserted Twice in the Aberdeen Newspapers; and at such Meetings it shall be lawful to all Persons who have lent and subscribed any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to One hundred Pounds Sterling, or upwards, on the Credit of the Tolls by this Act granted, and who shall, at the Time of such Meeting, be a Creditor to that Amount, to attend and vote, as they are hereby declared entitled to do, as Trustees, although not otherwise qualified to act as such; but such Creditor or Person, who has paid his Subscription, shall only be entitled to give One Vote in that Character, at the same Time that he may give another Vote in the Character of Trustee otherwise qualified.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees at a General Meeting appointed" and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause a Bridge of Stone, Iron, or Timber to he erected and built across the River Spey, at or near a Place called Boat oj Bridge-, and to dig and make proper Foundations in the said River and on the Lands lying on each Side thereof, for the Piers and Abutments’ of the said Bridge; and to cut and level the Banks of the said River in such Manner as shall be necessary and proper for building the said Bridge; and to cut, remove, take, and carry away all Trees, Roots of Trees, Gravel, Sand, Mud, or any other Impediment whatsoever, which may in any wise hinder the erecting, building, repairing, or completing the said Bridge; and also to do, perform, and execute all other Matters and Things requisite and necessary, uTeful or convenient, for erecting, building, repairing, maintaining, and supporting the said Bridge according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And for the Purpose of erecting, building, maintaining, repairing, or fqpporting the said Bridge, the said Trustees, or any Person to be appointed by them, shall from Time to Time have full Power and Authority to land, on either Side of the said River, all Materials and other Things to be used in and about the fame, and there to work and use such Materials and Things accordingly, doing as little Damage as may be, and making Satisfaction to the rel'peftive Owners and Occupiers of all such Lands and Grounds as ihatl be altered, damaged, spoiled, taken, or made use of, by Means or for flit Purposes

i c3 ' of

*3+t

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

of building the said Bridge; and the said Trustees shall be and are hereby empowered to make such Contracts and Agreements as they shall think proper, with any Artificers, Workmen, or other Persons, for erecting, building, and making such Bridge, and all Ramparts, Wings,

Walk, Banks, and other Works, or any Part thereof; such Artificers or others contracting always giving Security, to be approved of by the said Trustees, that the Work shall be completely and properly finished.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That, as soon as the said Bridge shall be com- And trtct pleted, the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, shall be and ^'|rnP]kct they are hereby authorized and empowered to erect, or cause to be erected, a Turnpike or Toll Gate, and Toll House, either upon or at either End of the said Bridge or near thereunto, and to levy or cause to be levied thereat, before permitting any Passage, a Sum or Sums of Money in Name of Toll or Pontage, not exceeding the Rates following; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Cala(h, or other Toll* such Carriage, with Four Wheels, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Tour Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling:

For every Chaise, Gig, Curricle, or other like Carriage, with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling:

For every Carriage, commonly called a Taxed Cart, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other like Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beads or Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beads of D aught, me Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draughc, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, with or without a Rider laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, Neat Cattle, Asses, Horses, or Fillies, unihod, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight pence Sterling per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For each Person passing the said Bridge on Foot, the Sum of One Halfpenny Sterling:

Es* Per.} 15 0 Which

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Which respective Duties aforesaid, in Name of Pontage, or such other Duties not exceeding the aforesaid Rates, as the said Trustees shall direct, shall be payable each and every Time the said Bridge shall be parted, excepting that Carts or Carriages which have paid on parting loaded, shall not pay on returning empty, and Carts or Carriages which have paid on parting empty, shall not pay on returning loaded the same Day.

Same Exemp-

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fame Powers Bridge as on be inl>erent >n the Trustees to lessen or diminish all or any of the

the Road. said Rates, and again to ralfe the fame, so as not to exceed the aforesaid respective Sums established as the Maximum; and that the fame Exemptions which are herein-before appointed to take place with respect to parting the Turnpike Gates upon the Roads, shall l kewife take place, and be observed as to parting and repassing the Turnpikes erected upon or neaj the said Bridge, with respect to the Pontage Duty.

Application

XXXI. And be it enacted, That the Money arising from the Toll or of Mona)-. Pontage on the said Bridge, shall be applied to and for the upholding the said Bridge and Toll House thereon, and for paying the Interest of the Money borrowed to defray the Expences thereof; and the Surplus of the said Toll or Pontage shall be applied to pay off the Money so borrowed, and afterwards in such Manner towards the Purposes of this Act,. as the said Trustees at any General Meeting shall think proper and direct: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to borrow any Sum of Money, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Credit of the said Toll or Pontage, in such and the like Manner, and subject to the like Regulations, as the Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls payable on the Turnpike Roads is hereby subjected to.

XXXII. And whereas his Grace Alexander Duke of Gordon has begun to erect and build a Bridge across the said River Spey, at a Place called Boat of Bog near Fochalers, and great Progress has already been made in erecting ami building the said Bridge; be it therefore enacted, That in case the Expences of ending and building the said Bridge shall exceed the Amount of any voluntary Subscriptions and any Aid that may be granted by Government for the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Alexander Duke of Gordon, his Heirs and Successors, to apply to the said Trustees to settle an Account of the Receipts and Expenditure of all Moriies received and expended in erecting and building the said Bridge, and to ascertain the Balance that may be due upon such Account; and the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered, upon such Application being made, to settle such Account and ascertain such Balance accordingly.

and thereafter

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That after settling such Account and afeer-IrVthe’11 ta’BIng fuel1 Balance, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trusteeg

fame. to erect or cause to be erected a Turnpike or Toll Gate and Toll House

either upon or at either End of the said Bridge, or near thereunto, apd to levy or cause to be levied thereat, before permitting any Passage, a Sum or Sums of Money in Name of Toll or Pontage, not exceeding the Rates herein-before specified in regard to the Bridge to be erected at or near the "V . \ v> J ’ aforesaid

Trustees may iettle an Account, &c, with the Duke of Gordon for the Bridge at Boat of Bog;

1343

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8i>

aforesaid Place called Boat of Bridge, and under and subject to such and the fame Powers, Rules, Regulations, and Exemptions, as are herein-before specified in regard to the said Bridge at Boat of Bridge.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to borrow any Suin of Money, not exceeding E'ght thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Credit of the said last mentioned Toll or Pontage, in such and the like Manner and subject to the like Regulations as the Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the Toll or Pontage to be levied on the said. Bridge called Boat of Bridge is herein-bsfore subject to.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the said Trudges shall, by and out of the first and readied Monies coming to their Hands, f.om the said lad mentioned Toll or Pontage on the said Bridge at Boat of Beg, or from the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, pay to the said Alexander Duke of Gordon, his Heirs and Successors, the Balance so ascertained to be due as aforesaid, with Intered upon the Advances of Money, from the Time of such Advances.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That after Payment of such Balance and Advances, with Intered as aforesaid, the Money arising by the said Toll or Pontage; at Boat of Bog lba.ll be applied to pay off the Money that may have been borrowed f>r all or any the Purposes aforesaid connected there* with, and afterwards tp provide a Fund to the Amount of Two thousand Pounds Sterling for maintaining and supporting the said Bridge, such Sum to be laid out and inveded on such real Security as the said Trustees at any General Meeting shall think proper to direct; and such Fund being provided accordingly, such Toll or Pontage shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds is provided and inveded as aforesaid, Seven Trustees shall be appointed for the Application of the Intered or annual Produce thereof, in all Time to come, any Three of whom to be aChrorum, of which Seven Trustees Three shall be appointed by the said Duke of Gordon, his Heirs and Successors, and Two shall be appointed annually by the Heritors of the said County of Banff, and Two annually by the Heritors of the said County of Elgin, when assembled in General Meetings at their respective Michaelmas Head Courts; and in case of the Death, Incapacity, or Resignation of the said Trustees, or any of them, the Vacancies shall be filled up in the same Manner as they were at fird appointed, and until such Vacancy or Vacancies shall be filled up, the surviving or remaining Trustees shall and may act in the same Manner as if the Numbers were complete.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That as soon as the said Bridge at Boat of Bridge and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the fame, are completed and Opened for Passengers, and as loon as t he said Bridge at Boat of Bog, and the Roads and Avenues leading to and from the same, are completed and opened for Passengers, and the said i ruftefS shall have ereided a Turnpike Toil Gate or Toll Floufe thereon, the Passage oyer either of them shall be the only publick Road or Passage acrol's the said River Spey within One Mile above and One Mije below each of the said

Bridges

Troftees may borrow Money there* on.

Trustees may r?pay the Duke of Gor» don his Ad* vances

thenafter to repay the Money borrowed. and provide a Fund for keeping tho Bridge in Repair.

Appointment of Trustees for Application of said Fund.

After the Bridges are built no Ford or Ferry to be used within One Mile of the Budges.

f H4

Punishing Per-loos damaging the Bridget.

t.

Timbir to be floated in Rafts.

TrHftees may let the Toils.

Troll ess may

borrow Money on the Tolls.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. Si.

Bridges; and it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to pass the said River, or to use £ny Ferry for 'he o nveying any Person, Cattle, or Carriages across the said River within the Space above mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall pass the said River, or cause any Cattle or Carriage to pals, within the said Space, at any Ford, or use such Ferry, he, she, or they shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling for every Person, Bead, or Carriage parting, or ferried or conveyed acr >fs the said River; which Penalties shall be recovered, levied, andappliedin the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed by the said former A<Ss and this Act to be recovered, levied, and applied: Provided always, that the said Trustees shall make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Ferries lor the Damage thereby occasioned, where such Compensation shall be demanded by such Proprietors, and in case of any Difference, such Compensation shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury jn Manner herein-ascer ment-oned.

XXXIX. And, for preventing wilful and maliciousburning, or otherwise damaging or destroying the said Bridges or Centres thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously bum, blow up, pull down, or otherwise destroy either of the said Bridges or Centres thereof, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or attempt fp to dq, or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without Authority from the said Trustees, remove, destroy, or takeaway any Materials or Works thereunto belohging, or any wife direct or procure the same to be done, whereby the said Bridges or either of them, or the Centres, or Works thereof, may be damaged, or the Lives of Passengers or Workmen endangered, such Offender or Offenders, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall float any Timber upon the said River Spey, through any of the Arches of the said Bridges, except the same shall be fattened together as Rafts, and attended by One or more Boat or Boats to conduct the fame; and if any Timber shall be floated through the said Arches in any other Manner, or any Damage shall be done to the said Bridges, or either of them, or the Piers thereof, by any such Rafts, the Owner or Owners thereof shall not only pay the Damage sustained, but shall also forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Forty Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence.

XLI. And be it further «nafted, That the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by publick Roup, to let the said respectiveTolls or Duties, in Whole or by Parcels, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, by Lease or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the highest Rate or Rates they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall, from Time to Time, give such good and sufficient Security for paying thereof as shall be approved by the said Trustees.

XLII. And be it funher enatted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, over and above the Money subscribed, to borrow such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge to be necefliirv, on the Credit of the Tolls leviable at any or each of the Turnpike Gates to be creeled by virtue

of

1345

44-’ GEORGII III. Cap. 8t.

of this Act, to belaid out in making and repairing the said Roads, erecting Toll litnifes, and defraying other Expences of carrying this Act into ^Execution; provided that the whole Amount of the Money so borrowed shall not, at. any One Time, exceed Five hundred Pounds Sterling per Statute Mile; declaring that the Money so borrowed shall be and continue a Lien upon the Tolls granted by this Act upon the Roads for the Use of which the Money was borrowed or advanced, in Preference to former Subscriptions and future Contractions; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to assign the Whole or any Part of the Tolls by this Act imposed, to the Person or Persons from whom the Money as aforesaid shall be borrowed, as a Security for Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them, with the Interest thereupon; and the Alignments of the Tolls, for Money so borrowed, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the said Trustees, or such Persons as they shall appoint, which Book may be seen and perused, at all reasonable Times, by any Person or Persons any Way interested as a Land Owner in the said County, or as a Creditor or Subscriber as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward; and the Securities to be granted by the said Trustees, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be transferable by Indorse-utent, duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the Presence of One or more subscribing Witness or Witnesses.

XLIII. And be it hereby declared, That the said Trustees shall not be held or adjudged to have rendered themselves personally liablefor the Repayment of the Money borrowed, or Interest thereof, by reason of having signed the Securities, which Securities are to be held and considered as granted upon the folc Credit and Security of the Tolls, unless expressed to the contrary; nor shall any Trustee or Subscriber be held personally liable upon any Pretext for Payment of any Sum which he shall not have bound himself to pay personally as an Individual,independent of his Ofliceofa Trustee under this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, Thatthesaid Trustees in theirflated General Meeting, adjourned General Meeting, or at a General Meeting advertised as aforesaid, hull be and they hereby are authorized to cause the aforesaid Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired, in such Manner as they shall think proper, to settle the particular Direction of the fame, to appoint Committees of their Number, with Power to employ Engineers, Surveyors, and other PeiJojis, with, Ajitable Allowances for their Trouble, and also to make, or cause to be made, causeways, and to cut and make Drains, Ditches, and Passages for the Water through any adjacent Ground, and to keep clean such Ditches or Outlets; for which Purpose the Persons employed by them may go upon the said Lands, provided that reasonable Sathfaction shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands for the Damage, done, to be settled as herein-after mentioned.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall maliciously bfeak down, or otherwise destroy or deface, any Turnpike Gates, Mile Stones, Polls, Chains.- Bars, Houses, or other Works whatsoever, ereftedfor the Use of such Turnpikes, every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted.in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trustees, or any Two of them, upon ihe Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriffs, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the [Lee. ft? Per.'} 15 P County

Assignments to be entered in a Book.

Trustees not

personally

liable.

Tiuflees to

settle the Course of the Roads.

Penalty on breaking down Gates, etc.

4 346

Power to compound for Tollt,

Penalty on the Keeper* of Gate*.

Compelling Payment of Subscription Money.

Trullees and Suhfcrihert onlypersonally liable for the Amount of their own Subscription.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8*.

County of Banff, shall be condemned to pay any Sum not exceeding Triple the Damages sustained, or to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, and thereafter until the Damages awarded shall be paid,) and for a Second Offence may, on Conviction as aforesaid, be condemned to pay any Sum not exceeding Triple the Damages, and be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power at their General or Committee Meetings to compound or agree by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons travelling, or in use to travel or use the said Roads, the Composition Money agreed upon being made payable Quarterly, and by Advance; and Copies of all such Agreements shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk or respective Clerks, to be seen and perused by any Person or Persons at all reasonable Times, without Fee or Reward.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Keepers of the Turnpike Gates erected by virtue of this Act shall fail in the due Performance of their Duty, or shall neglect to give constant Attendance at all Hours, and a free and ready Passage to all Persons and Carriages, on Payment offered of the Toll, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, or any Two of tiiem, and they are hereby required, on satisfactory Proof given, to levy from each Tollkeeper so offending, in all or any of the said Particulars, such a Sum as to them shall appear reasonable, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who has or have subscribed, or shall subscribe towards the making and repairing the Roads by this Act intended to be made and repaired, shall, after Forty Days Notice given by any Person or Persons authorized by the said Trustees to receive and recover the Subscription Money, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, by him, her, or them subscribed, to the Person or Persons so authorized, it shall be lawful to such Person or Persons, and he or they are hereby required to sue for and recover the said Subscription Money, in any Court competent in Great Britain, declaring that the Persons actually paying their Subscription Money shall have 3 Lien on the Tolls collected on the Road for the Use of which the Money was subscribed, next after any Alignments that may have been made of such Tolls for Money borrowed as aforesaid, previously to the actual Payment of such Subscription Money.

XLIX. Provided always that no Trustee or Subscriber under this Act shall be per Tonally bound or liable, in consequence of any Contraft, Obli-. gation, Agreement, or other Deed whatever, entered into or to be entered into at any Time by the Trustees, or any Committee of their Num* ber or Appointment, or upon any other Pretext whatsoever, to pay any Sum beyond the Amount of his own particular Subscription, or such Part thereof as may happen then to remain unpaid unless he shall have subjected himself to Payment of any such farther Sum, by a Writing flhder his Hand, wherein such farther Sum shall be particularly expressed.

44° GEORGII m. Cap. 81. 134?

L. And, for the more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff, be it further for converting enacted, That every Person who, in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, now is, or hereafter shall be, in the actual Possession or Enjoy- a our’ "e‘ ment, as Proprietor or Liferenter of Lands in the said County, valued in the Cess Books of the fame at One hundred Pounds; and all and every the elded Sons of such Persons, One Guardian of each Minor enjoying and possessing Lands of the Valuation aforesaid, One Trudee of every Estate of the said Valuation veiled in Trull, One Manager or Factor for each Corporation or associated Body holding Lands o^ the said Valuation, the Provod and elded Baillie of the Burgh of Banff, the elded Baillie of the Burgh of Cullen, the Chief Magistrate of Macdiff, Portsoy, Keith, and Fochabers, the Sheriff Depute of the County of Barff or his Substitute, all for the Time being, shall be Trustees for ordering and superintending the making and repairing, and keeping in Repair, or caudng to be surveyed, altered, and repaired, all and every the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries within the County of Banff, and those Parts of the County of Elgin herein after comprehended, other than and besides such Roads In the said County on which Turnpikes shall be erected and Tolls taken, in virtue of this Act; and for exacting and applying the Assessments hereinafter allowed to be imposed and levied, and for carrying into Execution the whole Powers given by former Laws, and conferred by this present Act, relative to the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said County.

LI. Provided always, That if any Person, not qualified as aforesaid, shall, Penalty on notwithstanding, presume to act as a Trudee as aforesaid, every such Tru^"’ Person shall for every such acting forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds befng qua-Sterling, besides the Expences of Prosecution, to be recovered by Complaint, in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the said County, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute of the County of Banff, or his Substitute j which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, or their Clerk, to be applied by them for the Purposes of this Act; and in case of such Complaint, the Proof of the Qualification shall be upon the Person complained of.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said County shall be divided Distriflt. into the following Didridls, (videlicet),

Fird Didridl, containing the Parishes of Aha, Boyndie, Banff, and Camrie:

Second Didridl, containing Forglen, Inverkeithney, Marnoch, and Or-d.quhill:

Third Didridl, containing Fordyce, Vejkford, Cullen, Rathven, and Be/lie, as well those Parts thereof lying in Banffshire, as those which lie in the Shire of Elgin

Fourth Didricl, containing Rotbiemay, Grange, Keith, Botripbney, and Bobarm, as well those Parts thereof lying in Banffjhhre, as those in the said County of Elgin:

Fifth Didridl, containingMortlach, Aberhur, Inveraven, and Klrkmichael.

LIII. Providing anddeclaring, That although certain Part of the Parishes of Boharm and Bellie, are rated in the Eels Books of the County of Elgin, yet they shall nevertheless be comprehended in this Act, and shall be

held

I34&

Distrifls subject to Altera, tion by annual General Meetings.

Eiift Meeting

oi Trustees.

Quorum of Trustees.

Clerk to call Meetings.

Expence how to be paid.

Determination of annual Meetings not to be altered till n ut annual Meeting, etc.

District Trustees.

Their Powers.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. Si.

held and considered as making Part of the respective Districts within which they are locally fnuated.

LIV. Provided always, That the foregoing Division of the said County into Districts, shall bd subject to Alteration by any of the annual stated General Meetings, Notice of such intended Alteration being auvertiled in the Aberdeen Journal, or other Newspaper published at Aberdeen, Twice within Two Weeks immediately preceding such General Meeting.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, in order to put this Act into Execution, meet within the Sheriff Court Room of Banff, on the same Day on which the Trustees herein-before named for the Superintendance and Direction of the Turnpike Roads hold their First stated General Meeting under this Act, and shall meet theresfter yearly on the Days appointed for the annual stated General Meetings of the said Trustees, with Power ro adjourn and name a Prefes, and also a Clerk, with a suitable Salary for his Trouble, who shall keep a regular Record of their Proceedings, and, when required, shall give out Extracts of the Orders or Proceedings of the Trustees, containing Warrants for putting the feOrders into Execution; with Power, also, to the said Trustees, to appoint convenient Times for the First Meeting in each Year of the Trustees for the respective riftrm's before mentioned, with such Instructions for carrying this Act inro Execution as may be deemed necessary; and the Trustees, at such District Meetings, shall have Power afterwards to adjourn to such Time as they shall Ice cause.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That at all General Meetings of the said Trustees, Seven shall be a Quorum; and if a Quorum shall not attend, any One or more Trustees attending shall have Power to avtjourn.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Trustees, or, in his Absence, the Prefes of the former General Meeting, {hail, when directed by any Two or more Trustees, call a General Meeting, by an Advertisement in the Aberdeen Journal, Or other Newspaper, published at Aberdeen, Fourteen Days before such Meeting, signifying the Purpose of the fame; and no Person but the Clerk, or the Prefes of the former General Meeting, shall have Power to call such Special Meetings; and the Expence of advertising shall be paid by the Trustees requiring such Meeting, who may be reimbursed out of the Funds of the District on the Business of which the Meeting is called, if the said Meeting shall order such Reimbursement.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Determination of either of the annual stated Meetings, or the Rules and Regulations established by them, shall be annulled or altered till the next annual stated Meeting, or Meeting advertised for that specia! Purpose.

LIX. And be it enacted, That the Trustees whose Property is situated in, or who by their Offices are connected with the several Districts before mentioned, shall have the Superintendance of the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries within their respective Districts; and shall at their Meeting have Power to name a Erects, Clerks, Surveyors, Overseers, Collectors, and

'; to ther

1349

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8n

other Officers with suitable Salaries, and take such Securities from those appointed to the Offices of Trust, for the due Execution of their Offices, as they shall think proper; and in District Meetings Three shall be a Quorum, and any One or more attending shall have Power to adjourn; and the Trustees in each District shall cause to be kept exact Minutes of their Proceedings, and shall cause to be entered accurate Accounts of the Money received by virtue of this Act, and the Application thereof, in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, which all the Heritors of the County shall have Liberty to inspedigra/u; and a particular Report of the State of the Roads and Bridges within the respective Districts, or the Books of the Proceedings kept by the Trustees within the same, and Estimates of the Sums necdfary for the Repair of them, and of the Money expended and Work done the preceding Year, shall be laid before the annual Hated General Meeting, held on the Day the Commissioners of Supply meet for assessing the Land Tax, or upon the Thirtieth Day of jipril or next lawful Day yearly; and in case of Failure or Neglect any Justice of the Peace, on the Application of any One Trustee, shall summon the Clerk of the District, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Failure or Neglect is imputed, and on Proof of such Failure or Neglect shall fine him or them in a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of any Trustee, by a Writing under his Hand, to delegate to his Agent or Factor all the Power with which he is by this Act inverted in the respective District or Parish Meetings only.

LXI. And be it enacted, That in lieu of the Statute Services at present exigible from all Occupiers of Land, there shall (with the Exceptions herein-after specified), be paid an Assessment or Conversion in Money to be levied from the Heritors, Landholders, or Feuers in the County of Banff, and those Parts in the County of Elgin comprehended under this Act, according to the respective valued Rents at which their Lands stand rated in the Cess and Valuation Books of the said Counties, such Assessment not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and the said Trustees shall have Power, and tfyey are hereby authorized at their respective District Meetings to be held annually on the Days appointed by the General Meetings, to nominate and appoint their own Collector and Clerk, with such an Allowance for his Trouble as may seem reasonable, not exceeding Two and One Half per Centum of the Money to be received j as also to fix and determine the particular Rate of Assessment within the District for the current Year, the fame not exceeding the Maximum Rate of Two Pounds Sterling herein-before allowed, nor under Ten Shillings Sterling for each One hundred Pounds Scats of valued Rent.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Heritors or Proprietors who ffiallhave paid the Assessment to be imposed in Manner as herein-before directed, shall be entitled to Relief and Repayment from the actual Tenants or Possessors of Three Fourth Parts of such Assessment, each Possessor paying a Sum corresponding to the valued Rent of their Possessions; or in case the Lands so occupied by different Persons be valued in Cumulo in a Sum bearing the fame Proportion to the Assessmenc payable for the whole Lands, as the real Rent or Value of each Possession bears [Lot. fs* Per.} 15 Q. V to

District Clerk to keep Book* and report Proceedings

Penalty for not reporting,

Trustees may delegate Powers to Agents.

Conversion in lieu of Statute Labour.

Mode of Assessment.

Rate.

Heritors en-t.tled to Relief from their Tenants for Three-fourths of the Assessment

*35°

Disputes rc-pafding the Division of Cumalo Valuations how to he determined.

Proportions of Burgh Roods, etr. not valued in Cess Books.

Rate of Assessment on Inhabitants of Hous.s.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. Si.

to the real Rent or Value of the Whole; a jull Share of the salt! Three Fourth Farts being always laid upon Lands in the natural Possession of the Proprietor; and the like Action and Execution shall be competent to such Heritors or Proprietors for their Relief and Repayment: of the said Assessment, as by Law is competent to them for the Payment and Recovery of their Rents; and such Relief shall also be competent in all Cases where an Occupier or Tenant is by Lease or Agreement exempted from the Payment of all publick Burdfens, unless the Assessment imposed by this Act be expressly included in such Exemption.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tenant shall think himself aggrieved by the Division of a Cumulo Valuation, or that an adequate Value had not been put upon Lands in the natural Po'.session of the Proprietor, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, in a District Meeting assembled, are hereby empowered and required, upon a Complaint made to them by such Tenant, to determine the Matter in such Manner as they may fee just and equitable, and the said Valuation shall continue to be the Rule for ascertaining the Proportion of valued Rent falling upon the said Lands as long as they remain in the natural Possession of the Proprietor, and no Alteration made in the Rents of the other Lands included in the lame Valuation.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Proprietors of Burgh Roods, Fishings, or Lands, not valued in the Cess Books of the said Counties, shall Be liable in an Assessment or Conversion in lieu of Statute Labour, in a Sum not exceeding Four-pence Sterling per Annum for each One Pound Sterling of the yearly Rent of their Possessions; the said Rent to be ascertained by Two or more Aflelfors to be appointed by the said Trustees in each District; and such Assessment shall be collected by any Person or Persons to be named by the said Trustees, at their District Meetings in Manner before mentioned, and shall be diminished in the fame Proportion that the aforesaid Assessment or Conversion for Lands valued in the Cess Books of the County shall be diminished: Provided always, that the 'l’ax Roll by which the Cess payable from the Towns of Banff and Cullen is collected and levied, shall be the Rule by-which the aforesaid Assessment is to be imposed upon the Fishings, Burgh Roods, and other Lands not valued in the Cess Books aforesaid, so long as the said Tax Roll shall continue; rnd the fame Relief, to the fame Extent and Proportion, shall be competent to the Proprietors of such Burgh Roods, Fishings, and other Lands before mentioned against the Tenant* and Possessors of the fame, as to the Proprietors of Lands valued in the Cess Books of the County. 0

LXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act all Occupiers and Inhabitants, whether Heritors or Tenants, of all Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within any Part of the said County of Banff, and those Parts of the County of Elgin comprehended in this Act, that now are or hereafter may be erected in the said Counties, not having any cultivated or profitable Lands, except a Garden annexed thereto, shall, in place of their Statute Labour, pay yearly an Assessment or Conversion, not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Twenty Shillings, and under Three Pound*

u 1 Sterling;

*35*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion, not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Three Pounds, and under Five Pounds Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Five Pounds, and undtr Seven Pounds Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion, not exceeding Three Shillings and Four-pence Sterling, for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Seven Pounds, and under Ten Pounds Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion, not exceeding Four Shillings and Eight-pence Sterling, for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Ten Pounds, and under Fifteen Pounds Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion, not exceeding Seven Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the yearly Rent is Fifteen Rounds, and under Twenty Pounds Sterling; an 'Assessment or Conversion, not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, for every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, whereof the Rent is Twenty Pounds Sterling; an Assessment or Conversion, equivalent to Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence Sterling per Centum, on the yearly Rent of every Dwelling House, Apartment, or Room, occupied by them, exceeding the yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds Sterling; and all and every Inn-keeper, Carter, Carrier, or other Persons, keeping Horles, Afies, or Mules, for Carriage or Hire, or for carrying on any particular Trade or Manufacture; and every Person keeping a Riding or Pleasure Horse, and who shall be assessed in a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for Lands or Houses, in virtue of this Act,.shall pay, as an Assessment or Conversion for Statute Labour, a Sum not exceding Two Shillings Sterling yearly for each of such Horses, Afies, or Mules.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Men, whether married or unmarried, above Sixteen Years of Age, not being engaged Servants by the Year or Half Year, nor possessing Lands or Houses of the yearly Rent of Twenty Shillings Sterling, shall be obliged to pay a Sum not exceeding Six Shillings Sterling for the Purpol'es of this Act, to the Collector or Clerk of the Parish within which he shall be residing, in the Month of September One thousand eight hundred and four, and thereafter yearly in the Month of June; or in case of his Removal from such Parish before Payment to the Collector or Clerk of the Parish, who shall first demand the fame: Provided always, that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized, to artels such Persons either to the Rates or Duties chargeable on Occupiers ot Houses in the like Situation and Circumstances, or to the Rates lait mentioned payable by other Persons;

LXVIt. Provided always, That no House or Houses, within the said County, entirely used or employed in carrying on Manufactures, and where no Part shall be occupied as a Dwelling House, and no Kind of Victuals shall be dressed or prepared therein, shall be subjected or liable to be rated or assessed for the Duties imposed by this present Act, for any higher Rate or Assessment than upon Fifty Pounds Sterling of yearly Rent or Value of all fitch Manufacturing Houses, belonging to any One Company or Individual.

Persons keep* ing Horses and not paying aor. Assess-raent, to paj is. for each Horse,

AITefTment on other Persona.

A

Manufactur-

ing Houses not to lie rated for a higher Sum than jo/. of Rent-

LXVIII. And,

l3$2

Assessori to b: appointed for alleHing Occupiers of Burgh Roods.

Duty of Assessoi s.

Penalty on Allcflor* not doing their Duty.

heir Salary.

AflelTmenU on each Parish (o be laid out on the Roads within the same.

For'Applica-ron of Conversion Money on Turnpike Road*.

GEORGII III. Cap. 8 r.

LXVIIIi And, for ascertaining the Conversion payable by the Occupiers of Burgh Roods, Fishings, or Lands, not valued in the Cess Books of the said Counties, and Inhabitants of Houses and others in the Royal Burghs, Towns, and Villages, and by Innkeepers, Carters, and others, as herein-before particularly described, be it enacted, That any Three or more of the said Trustees, at their First District Meeting to be held after the pairing of this Act, and yearly thereafter, shall, and they are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint Two or more fit Persons as Assessors for their respective Districts within the said County, who, within the Space of One Calendar Month after their Appointment, shall yearly return, upon Oath, to the Trustees of the said District Meeting, an exact Lilt of the Occupiers of the said Burgh Roods, Fishings, Lands, Houses, and others particularly before described, and the Rents of the said Burgh Roods and Houses, where the same are in Tenantry, or to the bed of their Judgement the annual Value of such Burgh Roods and Houses. where they are in the natural Possession of the Proprietor, or where the Rent paid by the Tenant cannot be ascertained; and the said Assessors shall, in like Manner, and they are hereby required to make up and return to the said Trustees, at their District Meeting, full and distinct annual Lifts of all Horses, Asses, and Mules kept by Innkeepers, Carters, Carriers, and other Persons particularly herein-before described, specifying the Names of the Owners of such Horses, Asses, or Mules, and the Purpose for which they are employed; and the said Assessors are hereby required, and shall be obliged to ad and perform their Duty faithfully, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, under the Penalty of Five Pounds Sterling for every Offence, to be levied and applied as herein-after mentioned; but no Person shall be obliged to hold the Office of Assessor for more than Two Years successively, nor shall again be bound to accept of the said Office during the Space of Six Years thereafter; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to allow the said Assessors such Sum, as to them shall appear reasonable, for their Trouble.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, at their District Meeting, shall, and they are hereby required to order and appoint the whole Monies to be annually imposed and levied upon the District, in lieu of Statute Labour, to be laid out and expended upon the respective Roads within the different Parishes of the District where it is levied; and when a publick Road happens to be the Boundary between Two Parishes, whether in the fame or different Districts, it shall be made and supported by each Parish contributing equally to its Expence, so far as connected together: Provided always, that it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, with Consent of the Majority of the Heritors possessing Four-fifths of the valued Rent of any Parish, to apply the Whole or Part of the Assessment arising therefrom to such Roads within other Parishes of the District, or within the Parishes of another District lying contiguous, as they may judge most necessary and expedient.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees for the Turnpike Roads at any Meeting, of which Fourteen Days Notice shall be given in the Aberdeen ‘Journal, or other Newspaper published at Aberdeen, to authorize and require the said Trustees for the Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, to apply the Conversion Money arising within any District to the Repair and Amend-

13 5 3

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8i.

mentt>f the Turnpike Roads within such District in such Proportion and Manner as the said Turnpike Trustees shall think proper: Provided always, that the Money so expended, with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be a preferable Lien and Charge upon the Turnpike Road which shall receive the Benefit thereof, and shall be repaid out of the Tolls collected or Money borrowed on the Credit thereof.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the whole Sums of Money arising from the aforesaid Assessments and Conversions shall be paid on or before the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, and thereafter on the First Day of July yearly; and if any Person, liable in Payment thereof, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same to the Collectors to be appointed by the said Trustees, on or before the Day of Payment above specified, it shall then be lawful for the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or for Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, to grant a Warrant for poinding the Effects of the Deficient, in a summary Way, to appraise them on the Spot where found, and afterwards to sell the same by Auction for Payment of the Assessment or Conversion which shall be due, together with the full Charges attending the Recovery thereof; and the Surplus (if any) shall be paid, when demanded, to the Person whole Effects shall have been so poinded j which Warrants are to be granted, by the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute or Justices aforesaid, upon an Application made to them or any of them, and an Attestation, signed by any of the Collectors, certifying that the Persons complained of had been deficient in paying the Assessments or Conversions above mentioned, and expressing therein the Arrears of such Persons.

LXXIT. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Parochial Clergyman or Parochial Schoolmaster shall pay any Assessment or Conversion for their Mantes or Houses occupied in lieu thereof. Glebes or Parish School, houses, and the Lands thereunto belonging in their natural Possession; but if they shall be Proprietors or Occupiers of other Lands or Houses, as Tenants or Proprietors, they shall in that Cafe pay for such other Lands or Houses occupied by them, according to the Rate of the Class to which they belong; nor shall any Pauper receiving Aid from the Parish Funds pay or be charged with any Assessment or Conversion for Houses occupied by them.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the Trustees within each District, and they are hereby authorized to borrow Money on the Credit of the Assessment or Conversion hereby allowed to be raised from all or any of the Parishes within the District, and to assign Two-third Parts of the said Conversions as a Security for the Payment thereof: Provided, that the Sum borrowed on the Credit of the Conversions in any Parish shall not at any Time exceed the Amount of Ten Tears Conversions, estimating the Value of each Year’s Conversion by that of the Year immediately preceding that in which the Money shall be so borrowed: And provided further, that such Transaction be entered in the Books of the District j and that till such Time as the Monty so borrowed and the whole Interests thereof shall be repaid, the Trustees shall not have JPower to diminish the Rate of Assessment imposed at the Time when such Money may be borrowed as aforesaid , but that it (ha'll never-[Loc. Es1 Per.] 15 R theless

Time of Payment of Alleffmenti.

Mode of Recovery thereof.

Personi exempted.

Trustees authorized to borrow Money.

Money borrowed not to exceed Ten Years Assessment, according to the preceding Years.

1354

Diflfift Meetings to deter mine what Roads aie to be made, and to 3)1 cate the Assessment lor that Purpose, and to appoint Committees in each Parish. Powers of Parish Committees

General Meetings may allocate A

ments, if the DHhi« Trustees fail to do so.

Proceedings of District Meetings subject to the Direction and Controul of General Meet, ingi.

But not to reduce AfltlT-ments till Money paid.

No A ppeal to stop Payment of AiTuTment.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. St.

thclcfs be in their Power to encrease such Assessment, if it shall be found necessary to borrow any farther Sum, in Manner and for the Period as herein before allowed.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trusteesintheir respect trve District Meetings, shall annually determine what Roads are to be made and repaired within such Districts, and fix such Allocation of the Conversion Money as to them shall appear proper for that Purpose; and (halt have Power to appoint Committees in every Parish, being Heritors in such Parish, or their Agents properly authorized to act for them, or failing resident Heritors, any of the Trustees of the District to superintend the Roads in such Parish; which Committee shall have Power to call for the Assessments imposed on the Parish, and may name Overseers under them for the Application of the Money, and the making and repairing of the Roads in the said Parishes, with suitable Salaries for their Trouble; and the said Committees and Overseers shall annually make up and deliver to the Clerk of the Trustees of the District, regular Accounts of the Money expended by them respectively -, and in case of Failure or Neglect in such Committees or Overseers in giving in these Accounts, any Two Justices of the Peace, upon the Application of any One Trustee, may fine the Defaulters in a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

LXXV. And be it enacted, Thatif the Trustees inany District or Parish shall hegleft to execute the Powers committed to them by this Act, and shall not have applied the Money hereby allowed to be imposed, it shall be lawful, (unless fuflficient Cause is Ihewnby such District or Parish) for the said Trustees in each of their annual stated General Meetings, to allocate the Conversion Money unapplied on each defaulted Parish or District, to the Roads and Bridges of that or any other Parish or District within the County, and to name a Committee of their own Number with the necessary Powers to cause such Application to be made.

LXXVI. Provided always, That the Proceedings of the Trustees in the District Meetings shall be subject to the Direction and Controul of the General Meetings to whom any Person or Persons who think themselves aggrieved by such Proceedings may appeal, and whose Sentence shall be final; and in case the District Meetings do not comply with the Orders of the General Meetings, it shall be in the Power of the General Meetings to appoint a Committee of their Number to carry the said Orders into Execution.

LXXVII. Provided always, Thatitlhallnotbe in the Power of the said Trustees, either at their General Meetings or District Meetings, to diminish or reduce the Rate of Assessment arising from any District or Parish, upon the Credit of which any Sum or Sums of Money may have been borrowed as herein-before allowed, until such Sum or Sums of Money be paid off and extinguished, or unless the Person or Persons to whom the Money is owing shall consent.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no Appeal taken from the Sentence or Proceeding of a District Meeting, nor any Complaint or Action founded thereon, shall stop the Payment of the Conversions in that Year in which such Conversions are ordered to be paid; saving to the Parties their Re-

drels,

*355

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

dress, either from the Persons by whom they may have been aggrieved or out of the Conversions for the Year next after the Determination of the Cause.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees (as well those Trustees to appointed for the Turnpike Roads as those appointed to manage the other £aylk*irlown Roads through the said County generally, and the Conversion Money, 'lP'nce'-the present and subsequent Regulations in this Act applying to both Sets of Trustees, and to both Objects) shall at all their Meetings pay their own Expences.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it Ihallandmay be lawfulforthe Trustees may fa>d Trustees to build Fences, and to shut up and fupnrefs Roads of eve>y b^meu'feief* Description which may appear uleless orof little Importance to the Publick:

Provided always, that Notice of the Resolution to shut up any such Na:cebfRe-Road be given by Advertisement at the Churches of the Parishes through mmup Roads which the said Road passes, for Two consecutive Sundays, One Month at to beadver-least, before the said Road shall be actually (hut up; and that any Person the

or Persons, who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by such Re- Churches One solution may apply to the Sheriff Depute of the County in which such b^ng Roads shall be situate, or his Substitute, who, if he fees Cause, is hereby empo ered to suspend the Execution thereof until the next General Meeting of the Trustees, who shall finally determine therein.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and Trustees may they are hereby authorized to cause the Roads to be made, altered, amended, widened, and repaired, infuchMannerastheylhallthink proper, tofettle and repaired, the particular Direction of the fame, and to employ Engineers, Surveyors, and other Persons, with suitable Allowances for their Trouble; and also Trustees may to make or cause to be made causeways, and to cut and make Drains, ke Dra,n,» Ditches, and Passages for Water through any Ground adjacent, and to kc* p cl.ar such Ditches or Outlets, for which Purpose the Workmen employed by them may go upon the said Lands: Provided always, that reasonable Satisfaction be made to the Owner and Occupier of such Lands for the Damage done in making any such causeways, Drains, Ditches,

Passages, or Outlets; and if the said Owner or Occupier shall not be l'atisfird with the Allowance offered by the Trustees, he and they shall be at Liberty to apply to the Quarter Session of the said County, who shall have Power finally to settle the same.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Trustees to Power to cause to be built new Arches and Bridges of Stone, Brick, or ^aedrew Timber, on the said Roads, and to cause to be taken down old Bridges be- Bridges and come unnecessary, and toapply the Materials thereof as they shall see proper £"ctdow" okl for the Purposes of this Act; and also to cause such Parts of the Turd- Truste.|nu, pike Roads as are not of sufficient Width to be widened to any Breadth Cae not exceeding Forty-five Feet exclusive of the Foot-ways and’ clear of the to bewidened. Ditches, and to cause the Course of such Parts of the said Roads as the^ shall think proper, to be altered, for Ihcrtening the fame, or making them more commodious and level; and for these Purposei to cadfe all Trustees mty Dwelling Houses, Office Houses, or otbeT Buildings, falling within the Line of Road, the Side Walls whereof shall not exceed Twenty Feet in down. Height, to be taken down and removed, after giving the Owners or Occupiers

Sheriff to (umii.on a Jury to fix the Value of Lands and Houses

SWr-iff *> Wd^wrtge P*y. m«;t of the Sum advanced by t te Jury.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. Si.

Cupiers of such Houses Six Months Notice to remove from the Premises; Sind the Road so altered and widened shall thereafter be taken and held to he a publick Highway and comprehended within this Act: Providing that it shall be in the Power of all Proprietors and Occupiers of Land as well entailed as unentailed, to give up and renounce every Claim of Damage or otherwise competent to them by this Act, for such Ground and Materials as any new Road may occupy or require on their respective Properties; and that such Renunciation is and shall be equally binding on the Heirs of such Proprietors,

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, Thatintaking the necessary Ground for making, altering, or widening the Lid Roads, or in taking down any House or Houses, or Part or Parts of ahy House or Houses, by Authority of this Act, if the said respective Trustees shall not come to an Agreement with the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands where the Roads are to be so altered or widened, or whose Fences are to be altered or removed, or with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any House or Houses, or Part or Parts of any House or Houses, which are to be taken down as aforesaid j or in case the Claim of Damages which may be thence incurred has not been renounced in Manner aforesaid. Application shall be made to the Sheriff Depute of the said County, or his Substitute, to summon a Jury, in order to value the Ground necessary to be taken and used, or Houses, or Parts of Houses necessary to be taken down for so widening and enlarging the said Roads or Highways, and the Loss or Damage ensuing from the altering or removing of Fences; and the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, is hereby empowered and required, upon such Application, to order Notice thereof to be given to the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground or Houses, and afterwards to iflur a Summons, in the usual Manner, for calling together and impannelling a Jury, consisting of Fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and after such Examination to return a Verdict, upon Oath, as to the Damage sustained by the Proprietor of such Lands, Fences, Houses, or Parts of Houses; and in making up their Verdict, to be pronounced as herein directed, and estimating the Sums to be paid to the Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers of Lands and Houses as aforesaid, the said Jury shall have Right, and they are hereby empowered to take under their Consideration all Circumstances; and in ascertaining the Value of the Dykes or Enclosures which it may be necessary to pull down in making new Roads, the Jury shall also have Power to direct such Dykes as may therdby become useless to the Proprietor, to be taken down and removed by the said Trustees, upon Payment of such Allowance therefore as the said Jury may determine; and it shall be optional to the Proprietors enher to accept of the Allowance so awarded, or to retain the Materials of the said Dykes to their own private Use, and after a Verdict is pronounced as aforesaid, the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute is hereby required to adjudge Payment of the Value and Amount of the Loss or Damage thereby awarded to the Persons having a Right thereto; and upon Payment being made by the said Trustees out of the Money raised by virtue of this Act, of the Sum awarded to the Party or Parties interested, or Consignation of the said Sum in any of the Banks of Seoiland, or Branches of Banks in Banff, the said respective Trustees shall from thenceforth have Right, and be it Liberty to take and use the ' Ground,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. Si* 1357

Ground, and to take down the Houses and Fences, or Parts of Houses and Fences so valued, for the Purpose of altering, widening, and extend- ing the Roads and Highways aforesaid, as fully and effectually, ever after, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Grounds, Houses, or Fences, had executed regular Dispositions of the fame, and thereupon Infeftments had followed; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, shall be final, and not removeable or questionable, by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Suspension to or by any other Court whatsoever; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Expence of such Application shall be paid equally by both Parties.

LXXXIV. And, to prevent unnecessary Trouble and Delay, be it further Any Warrant enacted, That in case any Person interested, shall apply for and obtain [°'*voppi|nt|be from any Judge competent, a Warrant for flopping the Execution of any ,eiaii°d on° of the Roads to be made under the Authority of this Act, the said Judge Caution being is hereby directed and empowered to recall such Warrant, and remove Damages' = any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by awarded by the respective Trustees therein named, for the Amount of such Damages

Jurytbat.be

as may be ultimately awarded to the Person suing for the fame, and ascertained in Manner herein-before prescribed.

LXXXV. And be it funher enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Applica tirin or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- "I Coinpenia-chafed, taken, or u fed by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Pur- excelling poles thereof which, are held under Entail, or are subject to Life Rents, *ooi Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or nfed as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase fliill be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons [Lac. & Per.'} 15 S who

*358

Application where the Compensation does not exceed zoo/, nor Icfs than to i.

Application where the Money is left than 10/.

In case of not making out Titles i

or if Perfeni cannot be

found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

subject to the Ordtr of the Court of Ssfliou.

44.° GEORGII 111. Cap. %t.

who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the I ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

tit i. liineo >b ft iMa ' bnsbb/ifl att)

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing, under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Interest arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable.

LXXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next-before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money lt> awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scothind or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments {describing the m), 1 subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif-position of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum ot Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered,

44-18 GEORGII III. Cap. Si. I359

powered, ill a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fatriS Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or I nt ere ft, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, anTto make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Galhiers of the Bank ot Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifyiftg for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall Where any arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid 3lfe'to-l into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase the rule to the of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right,b* or interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased person who in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in p’oii'enu)n"of Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time the Lands, of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Per- at Time of fons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed b"r a and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or *ne"to

Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be avoiding to shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money fuA Possession. and the interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of to foine Estate or interest therein.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by rea- The Court son of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to Expenses of i be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money Purchase, to for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to Trustees? the be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That wherever the Couife of any of the 0y Road»to said Roads, on which Toll Bars are allowed to be eredfed, shall be altered be ibid, as soon as the new Road shall be completed and made pastable for Carriages, in case the old Road shall thereby become ufelrls, and may be (hut up without Inconvenience, the said respective Trustees shall be and are hereby empowered, if they fee proper, to value, by a Jury as aforesaid, or otherwise as they may deem necessary, and dispose of or fell the Land or Ground comprising such old or former Road, and that according to the

Value

1360

Road may pal* through a Miniltcr’s Glebe.

Ground to be purchaseri and added to the Glebe, equivalent to that taken off for the Road.

Trustees may take Materials, etc.

on paying Damages.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. B|.

Value of unimproved or uncultivated Lands in the Neighbourhood; the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Grounds through which the said old Road did pass, having always an Offer of the fame Preference of Purchase at the said Valuation; and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, and the Sale and Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of such Lands and Grounds, compriling the said old Road, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents, and Purposes whatsoever.

XCII. And be it further enacted, Thar, in altering the Gourse of the said Roads, or in widening the fame, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees to cause the same to be carried through any MinilteFs Glebe: Provided always, that such Quantity of Ground shall be added to the Glebe, lying moll contiguous and convenient thereto, as shall, by the said respective Trustees, be deemed a sufficient Compensation for that taken for the said Roads; which Grounds the said Trustees shall have Power to purchase from the contiguous Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, whether the fame be held under Entail or otherwise; and in case of any Difference with regard to the Addition to be made to such Glebe, or the Price to be paid to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, Application shall be made to the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, of the said County, who shall summon a Jury and determine the Extent of the said Addition, and Amount of such Price, in Manner as herein-before directed, in Cases of Land to be taken for the Purposes of this Act; and upon such Determination and upon Payment being made by the said Trustees of such Price to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Ground, 6r Consignation thereof, in any of the Banks of Scotland, or Branches of Banks in Banff, the said Trustees shall from thenceforth have a Right to cause the Addition to be made to the Glebe, and to take and use the Part of the Glebe necessary for the Purpose of altering or widening the said Roads; and the Proceedings and Order of the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, shall be final and conclusive: Provided always, that in every Cafe where it may be necessary to exchange or take Ground as herein-before allowed for the Purposes of this Act, the same shall not afteft, alter, or diminish the valued Rent of the Lands from which such Ground shall be so taken.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, may dig, gather, take, and carry away, Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, or such other like Materials, for the making, amending, and repairing of the said Roads, and for building Arches and Bridges as aforesaid, out of any Grounds where the fame may be found, whether the fame be within the said County of Banff, or in any other County adjoining thereto, (such Materials not having been dug or raised for the private Use of the Proprietor of such Grounds), and to open Accedes for carrying off the said Materials; such Acceffes, and the Places from whence the said Materials shall be proposed to be taken, being first marked out by any Two or more of the Trustees, after Notice in Writing given by them,or Intimation before Two Witnesses, or by some Person by their Order, to the Proprietor of such Grounds, or his or her Factor, and to the Occupier theteof, Six Days previous to marking out the fame; the Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction, if demanded, to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds respectively from

which

1361

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

which the Materials shall be taken, or over which the fame may be carried, for the Damages to be done thereby, and for the Value of such Materials; but if such Proprietor, Factor, or Occupier, shall not befatisfied with the Compensation offered by the said Trustees, the same shall be ascertained by a Jury, to be impannelled by the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute as aforesaid, whose Proceedings shall be final; but such Applications shall not prevent the said Trustees from causing the said Materials to be carried off and used in the mean Time.

XCIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Notice to be be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons under the ®J,v*"rts°0Pc' Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away, Materials Lands before for making and repairing the said Roads from any inclosed Lands or

Grounds, until either the Consent of the Proprietor is obtained, or No- pairing the tice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises Roatl,’n!indn^)r from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Oc- repairing*11 cupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, Budges, or any Three or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the said County of Banff, to shew cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons, to dig, take, and carry away, such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices, shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XCV. Provided always, That in altering, widening, or making, any of No House or the said Roads, or digging or taking Materials as aforesaid, no House or p/e'ildiced M Building shall be prejudiced, of which the Side Walls are above Twenty Feet high from the Surface of the adjoining Ground, nor any Garden,

Orchard, or planted Walk, Lawn, or Pleasure Ground, appertaining to such House, without the express Consent of the Owner thereof; and that it shall be in the Power of each Proprietor of Lands comprehended under this Act, to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, where any of the before mentioned Lines of Road come near to his Mansion House, to cause the same to be turned off Three hundred Yards therefrom; but that in making Accedes into or passing through Royal Burghs, Towns, or Villages, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to take down, or cause to be taken down, Houses of the Height aforesaid, after giving Six Months Notice to the Owners or Occupiers to remove, and to make such Roads through any Garden or other Grounds, as to the said Trustees shall appear necessary: Provided also, that where inclosed Grounds shall be broken into for the Purposes aforesaid, the Value of the same shall be ascertained in Manner as herein before directed.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Ditches have been, or hereafter shall be made, near the Sides of the said Roads, or through any Fields adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fields, such Proprietors or Occupiers shall, and they are hereby requir-[Lqc. & Per.~\ 15 T ed.

Occupiers to cleanse Ditches, etc.

1362

Occupiers to nuke their Drains along the R »ad by the Dir*&ions or the Truf-tets.

Ditches and Drams to i>e 1. u rd at the publick Expence. of na iy on Peiicria filling up D relies.

Breadth of Wheels of ' O c> limited.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

ed, to keep these Ditches properly scoured, and.not to allow the Water to stagnate therein, so that the Roads may be thereby damaged; and if they fail to do so, after Six Days Notice previously given, the said Trustees, or the Overseers of the Roads, by the Direction of any One of the Trustees, may, and are hereby required, to order the said Ditches to be opened, scoured, and cleaned, at the Coff of the said Proprietors or Occupiers, such Costs to be recovered by Distress and Sale of any moveable Effects, in the same Manner as herein-before directed for levying the AC-feirment hereby granted; and if any Occupier of Land shall turn any Water across or upon the Side or Sides of any of the said Roads, he or she shall condufi such Water, either in an open or covered Drain, of such Form and Dimensions as the said Trullees in a General or Committee Meeting assembled shall order and direct; and if such Occupier of L.and shall, after Ten Days Notice, refuse or neglect to make such Drain, according to the Directions of the said Trullees as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trullees to order and cause such Drain to be made; and the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to make the fame agreeably to the Orders and Directions of the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall repay to the said Trullees all the Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the making of such Drain, and shall likewise pay a Penalty of Triple the Amount of such Colls, Charges, and Expences; the said Colts and Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale in Manner herein-before directed, and to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XCVII. Provided always, That the Drains and Ditches to be made by Order of the said Trullees, shall be scoured and kept in Repair out of the Money arising by virtue of this A Cl; and if any Occupier of Land through which such Drains or Ditches are or shall be made, shall obllruct or fill up any of them, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay Triple the Expectce of repairing and scouring the fame, to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned; and the said Occupier shall be deemed the Transgressor, unless it shall appear to the Trullees that he was not in Fault; and where any Passage for Cattle or Carriages across any Road for the Convenitnce of the Occupiers of the Ground through which it passes, shall be made, the Occupier of such Ground shall always cover the Drains crossing the Sides of such Roads, with sufficient Stones, so as the Course of the Water may not be interrupted., of the Road thereby preju iced; and no Occupier of Land shall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the said Roads, or conduct it across any Part thereof, until he shall have obtained the Consent of the said Trullees, in a General or Committee Meeting assembled; and every such Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water across the Road in a covered Drain of such Depth and Construction, as the Water may not prejudice the Road.

XCV1IT. And whereas the Roads to be made under the Authority of this Act, may he much prejudiced by the Narrowness of the Wheels of the several Carriages travelling thereon, and by the excessive Burdens loaded on such Carriages; be it enacted, That no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Eight Horses; and that no Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Five Horses; and

44" GEORGII III. Cap. Si, 1363

that no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling on each Side a Surface of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Seven Horses; and that no such Waggon, rolling a Surface of Six Inches only, shall go or be drawn with more than Six Horses; and that no Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Four Horses; and that no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Five Horses; and that no Cart, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Five Inches,

shall go or be drawn with more than Three Horses; and that no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches, shall go or be drawn by more than Four Horses; and that no Waggon, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of lei's Breadth than Four Inches, shall be drawn by more than Three Horses upon the said Highways, under the Penalties after mentioned; that is to Penalty on say, that the Owner of such Waggon or Cart respectively shall forfeit a Drived of Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, and the Driver, not being the Carriages, the Owner, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling, for every Horse or Bead by are^not which the same shall be drawn, above the Numbe' hereby so limited respect ot proper tively as aforesaid, One Half whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and D>'"tnll0ns-the other Half applied to the Repair of the R%acts within the Didri& where the Offence is committed; and where the said Trustees may find it necessary to place Stones or other Obstractions to prevent any new Road from being cut or rutted by the Wheels of Carriages running in the fame Tract, the Owner or Driver of such Carriages, on being convicterl before any Justice of the Peace, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, of having removed ordedroyed such Stones or Obdructions, placed for the Purpose aforesaid, shall respectively be liable in the same Penalties to be incurred by such Owner or Driver in Manner as before directed.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That where the Lands, adjacent to Notice of new any of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, are not enclosed, the I'wioiurei^to Proprietor or Occupier of such Lands shall not make Inclosures along the ih/xrusteei. Sides of the Road without giving at lead Two Months previous Notice to the said Trustees; which Notice may be given by a Letter to the Clerk of the General Meeting, or of the Committees who have the Charge of that Part of the Road adjacent to which the IncloLre is proposed to be made; and the said General Meeting or Committee are hereby required to inlert a Copy of the said Letter in their Minutes; and in case such Pro- . prietor or Occupier diall fail to give such Notice as aforesaid, he shall not be entitled to any Compensation for the Expence of the Inclosures, in case the said Tiudees shall at any future Time think it neeefiary to demolish the fame, for the Purpose of widening the Road and making Foot Paths thereon.

C. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause Foot Trustees m»y Paths to the Breadth of Eight Feet to be rflade along, the Sides of the ,paat^ Foot said Roads, in such Places as can conveniently admit of the fame; and if penaitit,'for any Person shall ride or drive a Carriage or Cattle upon any Paths made ridiegon or to be made, or shall in any way wantonly injure the fame, every such thein‘

Person

*364

Possessors to lop Tree? or Hedges.

Trees not to be planted within Six Feet of the Road.

Tmftees may erect Mile Stones, etc

Penalty for defacing Mil Stones.

Head Ridges

to be made <. the Sides of the Road.

No Annoyances to be laid on the Road.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Person shall, for every Rich Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Fire Shillings Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein after directed.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That where the Ground on the Side of any of the said Roads is inclosed or planted, the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Ground shall be obliged to lop the Trees or Hedges in a proper Manner, so as to give sufficient Breadth and Air to the Road, and in case they neglect or refuse to do so for Six Months after being required by an Order of any Three or more of the Trustees, the Trustees shall have Power to appoint the same to be done at a proper Season of the Year at the Defaulter’s Expence; and no Proprietor or Occupier of Lands on the Sides of any of the said Roads shall have Power to plant Trees within Six Feet therefrom, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, besides removing the said Trees.

CII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, may cause any of the said Roads to be measured, and Stones and Ports to be erected on the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance at each Mile, or at such other Distances as they may judge convenient; and also to order, or cause to be erected. Guide Ports and Railings upon such Parts of the said Roads where the Roads are crossed or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall break down, destroy, or deiace, any such Mile Stones, Guide Ports, or Railings, or shall break down any Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls on the Sides of any of the Bridges on the said Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said Roads, unless a sufficient covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made as before directed, or shall be aiding or assisting the rein, or shall refeue, or attempt to refeue, any Person apprehended for such Offence; every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before the Sheriff Depute of the County of Banff, or his Substitute, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, shall for the Firrt Offence be not only adjudged to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained, but also a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, nor less than Twenty Shillings Sterling; and for every Second and subsequent Offence shall, besides paying the Damages and Expences, pay a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, nor less than Two Pounds Sterling; and in case the said Penalty, Damages, and Expences so adjudged shall not be instantly paid, or sufficient Security given for the fame, the said Sheriff or Justices are hereby empowered and required to commit such Person or Persons, so convicted, to Prison for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month.

CIII. And, for preventing Annoyances in or upon the said Roads, be it further enacted, That, from and after Two Months from the Commencement of this Act, every Person in ploughing any Field contiguous to any of the said Roads, shall always make Head Ridges along the Sides of the ikid Roads of the Breadth of Six Feet at least; and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any of the said Roads shall open inwards to the Field; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall lay any dead Horses (except in Cases of Accident), or other Carrion, upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards

44-® GEORGII III. Cap. Si.

of the Sides of any of the said Roads, or any Dung, Lime, Soil, or Comport, or Matter whatsoever, either for manuring Land, or any other Purpose; nor any Cart or Carriage, or the Load thereof, or other Obstruction whatever, upon any of the said Roads, or within FiveYards of the Side thereof; and that in making any covered or arched Partage or Drain for "Water across any of the said Roads, a safe and easy Partage along One Half of such Road shall be left without any Obstruction, either by breaking the Road or laying down the Materials; and such covered Drain or Partage shall be made across and completely finished on the One Half of the said Road before the other Half shall be opened; and the Whole, or the open Part thereof, shall, if practicable, be completed in One Day, or otherwise the Materials for executing the same shall be so well fenced off that Passengers may suffer no Injury thereby; which Precautions and Manner of executing covered Drains as aforesaid, shall be strictly observed by all Contractors or others, employed in making or repairing the said Roads; and every Person offending herein shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for every Offence, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed. One Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied for making or repairing the said Roads; and every Contractor, or other Person employed by the said Trustees for making, amending, widening, or repairing any of the said Roads, shall be expressly prohibited from digging Pits or breaking up any Ground within Twelve Feet from the Sides of the said Roads; and when that cannot conveniently be done such Contractor, or other Person employed as aforesaid, shall be obliged to erect a sufficient Fence between the Side of the Road and any Pit which it may be found necessary to dig for the Purposes above mentioned, and that under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

C!V. And be it further enacted, That if after the passing of this Act any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, Iron, Plough, Harrow, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Tree, or other Matter whatsoever which can be conveyed upon a Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein-after directed.

CV. And be it further enacted, That no Houses or Buildings of any Description, (other than aWallfor the Purposes of Inclosurenot exceeding Six Feet in Height,) to be erected near the Sides of any publick Roads, or in any Villages, or near the Outlets of any Town within the said Counties where Houses have not been formerly erected, or Streets laid off before the passing of this Act, shall be built within the Distance of Thirty Feet from the Middle of any of the said publick Roads including the Foot Paths, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for every Offence, and the Expence of demolishing such House or Building; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to flop the Erection of every such House or Building which shall be within the said Distance from the Middle of the said Roads; and if any Building shall be erected hereafter within the Distance aforesaid, any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon Application made to them by any One Trustee, , and upon \Loc, & Per.'] 15 U Proof

1365

In making Drains across the Road, One Half of the Road to l)« left without Obilruciioti.

Contractors, &Y. not to d g Pits on the Sides of the Roads, or, if that cannot be avoided, to be fenced in.

J

Articles fa be drawn on a Wheel Carriage.

Buildings erected within 30 Feet from the Middle of Highways to be pulled down.

1366

Penalties and Forfeiturei not particularly fptcified bow to be levied and applied.

Recovery *nd Application of Penaltiei.

Ef Penalties not paid Offenders may be committed to Prison.

Persons aggrieved may apply to the Qtiar'er Sessions for Relief.

Bonds for borrowed Money to be transfer table.

In case of bidden Damage toi Bridge,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 81.

Pioof being adduced that the said Building is within the Distance aforesaid, may order such Building to be pulled down and removed, at the Expence of the Ereftor, or of the Proprietor of the Ground on which the fame stands, and may grant Warrant for levying and recovering the said Penalty and Expences as aforesaid.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not particularly specified, shall, on Proof of the Offence before Two or more Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff Depute of the County of Banff, or his Substitute, either by the Confession of the Party, the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justices or Sheriff (which Warrant they or any of them are hereby authorized and required to grant, and administer the Oaths gratis), such Sale being always made by publick Auction to the highest Offerer, at such Place as shall be.directed in the said Warrant, within Six Days after such Distress shall have been made, and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale, after Deduction of the Penalties imposed and Charges in Recovery thereof, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, if not otherwise hereby appropriated, shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Collectors, to be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, or sufficient Security given for Payment, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices of the Peace, or the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, together with any One Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to Gaol, or to a House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Proceedings to be had in the Execution of this Act, for which no particular Relief has been hereby provided, may, within Six Months after the Matter complained of shall be done, but not afterwards, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions for the County of Banff, the Appellant giving Fifteen Days previous Notice of such Appeal to the Defender or Defenders, and to the Clerk of the said Trustees, and to the Clerk of the Justices of the Peace, which Justices shall have Authority to hear and determine the Matters inDispute, and their Judgement therein shall be final.

CVm. And be it further enacted, That the Bonds and Securities to be granted by the said Trustees for the Money to be borrowed by them in the Manner directed by the said Act, shall be transferrable from One Person to another, by Indorsement duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the Presence of One or more subscribing Witness or Witnesses.

CHS. And be it further enacted, That in case of ^ny sudden Damage to a Bridge, shall be in the Power of any Two Trustees of the District

in

44 GEORGII III. Cap. 84. 1367

in which it is situated, or if it be situated on the Confines of Two Districts, T Trustees to any Two Trustees of either Dillrid, to give Orders for making such Report. immediate Repairs as may be necessary, the Expence of the fame not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling; and the Money so expended shall be provided for and paid by Order of the next Meeting of Trustees within such District or Districts, or, on their Failure or Neglect, by Order of the next stated General Meeting of the Trustees, out of the Funds of such Parishes as they shall think proper, on an Application for that Purpose, and on a Proof of the Necessity of the Order, and that the Money was expended; and in case any of the said Roads shall be shut up, and publick Communication obstruded by Means of Snow, it shall in like Manner be in the Power of any Two of the said Trustees to cause the said Roads to be cleared, the Expence of the fame, not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be provided for and paid in Manner as herein-before allowed, f

CX. And be it enacted, That it shall be no Objection to any Person Trustees may acting as a Justice of the Peace, in any Thing relative hereto, that he aaa, JustlcetT is appointed aTrustee, except where he is personally interested.

'..vc. ui .1 mrirvY'. . ni j... ....... 1- .-: ..u , hr'a,

CXI. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Part of Afor. Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inti- 'K tuled', An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of ‘ Aberdeen, and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and ‘ keeping in Repair the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County; and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and other wise

regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said ‘ County,’ it k among other Things enacted, that the Parishes of Gamery, lnverkeithney, Keith, and Mortlach, and those Parts of the Parishes of Alva and Rotheimay, lying South of the River Doveran, although rated in the Cess Books of the County of Banff, should nevertheless be comprehended in the said Act, and be considered as making Part of the Districts in which they aTe situated: And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as relates to the said Parishes and Places in the said County of Banff should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as is herein recited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all ai

and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any 1 Wrongs done or Injuries suffered in any Matter thereto relative, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong clone, or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Lands through which the said All Lands Roads in this Act mentioned do or may pass, which are subject to the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff of Banff, although rated in the Cess Books of the Sheriff of other Counties, shall be understood to be comprehended in this Act. this Act.

1368 44’ GEORGII III. Cap. Hi.

fhis*Act how CXIV. And be it enacted, That the whole Expences in advertizing {or, to be paid. preparing, procuring, and passing this Act, the furreyiugand estimatingtbe laid Roads prior to the passing thereof, and all other Expences attending the fame, to be ascertained at the Firlf, Second, or Third General Meeting of the said Truliees, shall be paid by an Assessment on all the Proprietors of Lands and Fishings valued in the Cess Books of the County of Banff, and in the Cess Books of the Burghs of Banff and Cullen, agreeable to the respective valued Rents at which the said Lands and Fishings Hand rated in the said Cess and Valuation Books of the said County and Burghs , and the said Expences shall be levied and collected by such Person or Persons as the said respective Trustees shall appoint.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That this AftshallbedeemedaPublick Act, and shall be allowed and taken in all Courts as such, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such without specially pleading the same.

CXVI. And be it also enacted, That this Act, in as far as it respects the Roads upon which the Power to erect Turnpikes and levy Tolls is given, and also so far as respects the Bridge over the River Spey at Beat ef Bridge, shall commence and take place upon the Nineteenth Pay of July One thousand eight hundred and four, and shall remain in force, and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan» Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

Eublick Act.

Commencement and Endurance of this Act, with respect to the Turn-pike Roads.

yea let 10 . 1 uni v ceil a nv vnv*

ni o .1 < tnjtb ratte'- vt.s ui bi 1 rtr < it . > >so,'frf

Stir. ViJlfi *!}. ... ‘1 Xu’’.; > bf*-’ ,mo3 sd

i~. t xuial ru:,2.-:" > x lu tLvn >. t> rttijibho',' Vi ^liau&T

i ViV .33la :cn

’ .* tl' bt'fc*:. iladbaA jIIXO

' t y / , 11 c'.> !: > Pi '. * ' r-’ t'\ft

p.' r.’i . t:' & ( t \ 1 t1’- x } 1o

1 .; v: v>dto Hi

liiA. v;.j

e.i 1

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

/ o-r-.r- - i 3f»

4' . si^/ r *3». SVtif t-.< w , :,f3. -

Ctf/h 82.

An A<El for altering and enlarging the Powers of an A&, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned.

[14th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing a Free Market in the City of London, for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned, a certain Duty of One Halfpenny per Chaldron or Ton of Coals brought into any Part of the Port of London, at or to the Westward of Gravesend, was given and granted to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons oi the City of London, for the Purpose of defraying the several Charges and Expences of establishing and holding a Free Market for the Sale of Coals, & iV.J 15 X and

43 G. 3.

1370

44° GEORGII 111. Cap. 82.

and of purchasing certain Lands and Buildings, called The Goal Exchange* situate on the North Side of Lower Thames 6'lreet, in the said City of London; and certain Powers and Autlioiities were vested in the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act into Execution: And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons have proceeded in the Execution of the said recited Act, and have agreed fox the Purchase of the said Coal Exchange, which they were by the said recited Act directed to purchase, for the Sum of Twenty-five thousand six hundred Pounds; but that owing to the very large Sum demanded and to be paid for such Coal Exchange the said Duty of One Halfpenny per Chaldron or Ton of Coals is insufficient for defraying the Charges and Expences of making such Purchase, and of carrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act into Execution, and certain of the Powers and Authorities thereof have also been found insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended; it is therefore necessary and expedient that such Duty should be increased, and such Powers and Authorities altered and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it piay be enactedi and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Ckufes, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Fijnes, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained (save and except such Parts of the same as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual, for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this prefenc Act.

Additional

II. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of defraying the Duty on coals, several Charges and Expences of estabfiffiing and holding such Market, and of the Purchase of the said Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments, called Tot Coal Exeban<*', and the other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the faicj recited Act mentioned, and of erecting convenient Buildi 'gs thereon, and for defraying the Salaries and Allowances of the several Clerks and other Pt.fons employed in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and for defraying the other Charges and Expences of carrying the fame into Execution, and for defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, of ajid from each and every Master of a Ship or other Vessel laden with Coals, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, arriving at her Moorings within any Part of the Port of London at or to the Wefiward of Gravesend, when the said Market shall be opened and established, the Sum of One Halfpenny per Chaldron (or Ton, in case the same shall be sold by Weight) of Coals, for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals contained in such Ship or , Vessel, in addition to the Sum of One Halfpenny which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons are empowered to demand and take or cause to be demanded and taken by virtue of the fax} recited Act, for

; every

1371

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

every Chaldron or Ton of such Coals; and such additional Duty of One Halfpenny granted by this Act shall be raised, levied, recovered, p~id, and reduced in such and the like Manner as the said Duty of O e Halfpenny, granted by the said recited Act, is directed to be raiftd, levied, recovered, paid, and reduced.

III. And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons have agreed with the Owners and Proprieto'sof the said Coal Exchange Hereditaments and Premises for the Purchase thereof, at and for the Price of Twenty-five thousand six hundred Pounds, and that such Purchase Money should be paid and secured to such Owners and Proprietors in and by fevera’ Bonds of One Hundred Pounds each, under the Common Seal of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Leneitn, pursuant to the Directions of the Lid recited Act, bearing Interest at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, such Intertit fp be paid and payable Half-yearly, and to be charged and secured on the Duty which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons are enabled to levy under and by virtue of the said recited Act; and that such fevetal Bonds should be taken andeftimated at Par, or at the full Sum or Value for which each of them should be respectively given, or therein respectively expressqd to be given as aforesaid: And whereas it is Iiy the said recited Act enacted, that if there should be any Money to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powers thereof, which should belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Ttufl, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Commi'tee, or other T uftte, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, ldior, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trull, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ate limited in Strict or i.thrr Settlcn enf, or t > any Per-1 n under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, that then such Jlfopey lh.»uld be applied and dipt f d of in Manner by the said recited Aftdircftiu: And whereas ir would Ire at ended withgrcat Loss to the fever^l Persons under any such Tifabmry orlncapaciiyasafoitsaidiffuchBon Is were fold; be it therefore enacted, That all Inch Bonds as shall be paid or g’ven for the Purchase of the Laid Coal Exchange Hereditaments and Premies, 0 any Perf.i . or Persons under any such Ditabiiiiy or Incapacity as afojt said, shall bt deposited in the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and shall there remain until such Bends respectively shall be paid off by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons; and the said Mayor, Aldrr-men, and Commons shall, and they ate hereby required to pay off such Bonds,ifspectively, in hk. Manner as if the Money secured by such Bonds rerp.a'vdy had been borrowid by the Lid Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act; and until such Bonds respectively shall be paid off, the imereti thereof respectively shall from Time to Tifr.c be paid by Order of the said Court of Chancery to the Person or Persons who would fox the Time being have been entitled to the Rents, Hues, and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, andlLredita-ments so purchased as aforesaid; and when and as soon as any such Bond or Bonds shall be paid off by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, then and in such Case the Money arising therefrom shall be applied 3nd disposed of in Manner by the said recited Act directed whenever any Money

__________ is

Jlnrtb'ing the Mayor, /llder-nsc..,&c. to pay for Pnr-chafe of the Coal Exchange in Bonds-

1372 4+° GEORGfl III. Cap. 82.

is to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trod, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Crftuique Trust, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in Strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disabiltty or Incapacity whatsoever: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, upon a Petition or Petitions to be preferred to the said Court in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Principal Money secured by such Bonds respectively, his, her, or theif Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to direct such Bonds respectively to be delivered to such Person or Persons, Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees.

Requiring that

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said re-crimp* and cited Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to re-ddfver Copies °.a're a°y Crimp, Factor, or other Person having the Disposal of Coals, of contracts to deliver gratis a Copy of the Bargain or Contraft for the Sale of such Ue'inandedhen Coals by him attested, to the Buyer and Seller thereof, respectively, save and except such Copy (halt have been demanded by the Buyer or Seller thereof; and then and in such Case such Crimp, Factor, or other Person having the Disposal of such Coals, shill, and he and she is and are hereby required to deliver such Copy, gratis, to such Buyer o; Seller demanding the same.

The Time for V. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that if the said rating the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, should etneudea.a"£e nor, within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after the passing of the said Act, agree for, or cause to be valued as therein-after is mentioned, and purchase the said Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Buildings thereon erected, called The Ccal Exchange, with the Appurtenances, which they were thereby empowered to purchase, then and from thenceforth the Powers to them thereby granted for such Purpose should cease, determine, and be utterly void and of no Effect: And whereas such Purchase has not yet been completed, and it is necessary that the Time for the Completion of such Purchase should be extended; be it therefore enacted, That it shall or may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, at any Time within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, to agree for, or cause to be valued in Manner by the said recited Act directed, and purchase the said Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Buildings thereon erected, called The Coal Exchange, with the Appurtenances, which they are by the said recited Act empowered to purchase, any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Part of 4.3G. j.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as

repealed. dirrfts that all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures thereby imposed, or by virtue of the Powers and Authorities thereof imposed( the Manner oflevying and recovering whereof is not thereby other wise directed), not exceeding Twenty 7 Pounds

1373

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

Pounds, shall be levied and recovered (within Two Calendar Months After the Offence or Offences committed), before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and so much of the said recited Act as declares that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against such Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, within Four Calendar Months next after the cause of Complaint shall have arisen, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City, or Place with sufficient Securities conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and that such Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into,hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the fai 1 Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them shall leem just and reasonable; and that the Decifion of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, by the said recited Act or this Act, or by virtue of the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Act or this Act imposed not exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be sued for within Two Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons convicted before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Offence or Offences against the said recited Act or this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place where such Conviction shall be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for being personally present at such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein, and such Justices in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions shall hear and determine the Matter, and may either confirm or quash or annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decifton of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

[Lee. Per.~\ *5^"

Penalties under 1 ol. how to be ieco-▼ered*

Appeal*

1374

publick Atf-

44.* GEORGII III. Cap. 82.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 83.

An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, and the Sixth Year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable the River Tone> from Bridgwater to Taunton in the County of Somerset.

[14th July 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton in the County of Somerset, and certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, were thereby declared and appointed Conservators of the said River, and Powers were granted to them for making and keeping the fame River navigable; and for reimbursing them the Principal Money which they had laid out or should lay out in making or keeping the said River navigable, and otherwise as therein mentioned, together with IntereR after the Rate therein expressed, certain Tolls were imposed on Vessels passing to and fro on the said River; and after the said Conservators should have been fully reimbursed in Manner therein mentioned, then the Tolls were to be reduced to certain Rates therein also expressed; and it is provided that the reduced Tolls should be applied in keeping the said River navigable, and that the Surplus should be disposed of for the Benefit of the Poor of the Town of Taunton, and Parishes of Taunton Saint Mary Magdalen and Taunton Saint fames in the County aforesaid, in the Manner therein mentioned: And the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, and the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, or any Five or more of them, were thereby empowered annually to examine, Rate, correct, and allow the Accounts lLo(. fcf Per.] 15 Z of

Recital of Act of 10 and 11 of W. 3. relating to the Navigation.

1378

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

of Money received and paid by the said Conservators, and to appoint and make Distribution of the Surplus Monies, in the Manner and to the Uses by the said Act declared: And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Recital of the Act for the more tjjeAltai making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Annefrela*ing Bridgwater to Taunton in the County of Somerset, certain additional Tolls 10Navigation, were granted to the said Conservators, and they were directed to account for and apply the fame in the same Manner as is mentioned in the said first recited Act, with respect to the Tolls thereby granted: And whereas since the passing of the said recited Acts, the Conservators of the said River Tone have expended from Time to Time considerable Sums of Money in making and keeping the fame navigable, and there remained and was due to th^tsaid Conservators, for Principal Money, on the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, the Sum of Thirteen thousand Pounds, as appears by Two several Orders or Allowances of Five of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of and for the said County of Somerset, made respectively on the fourth and thirteenth Days of July One thousand eight hundred and three, in pursuance of the said recited Acts: And whereas Doubts hav&arilen on the Conltruction of some of the Provisions of the said recited Acts, relating to the Examination, Settlement, and Allowance of the Accounts of the said Conservators, and it is expedient that the fame should be repealed, and other Powers granted for those Purposes, and that the said Acts should be amended in some other Respects: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,' and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all Powers and Authorities given or granted to or veiled in by tbr firmer the B:(Lop of Bath and Wells for the Time being, and the Justices of the acts to the Peace for the said County of Somerset for the Time being, or any of them, by or by virtue of the said Acts of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the tr,ih, and Reign of His late Majesty King William, and of the Sixth Year of the Reign the County°* of ^tr Bte Majesty Queen Anne, or either of them, to examine, (fate, cor-of Somerset; red, and allow the Accounts of the said Conservators, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and inllead of such Powers, the Accounts of the said Conservators shall be made up to the Twenty-fourth Day of June itead thereof. yearly. ail(j that the said Accounts so made up, and the Vouchers for the lame, shall, if and when required by the said Bishop and Justices, or any Five of the said Justices without the said Bishop, be brought before the said Bishop and Justices, or any Five of the said Justices without the said Bishop, between the First Day of Axigufl and the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County, at such Place within the said Town of Taunton, or Ten Miles thereof, as by them the said Bishop and Justices, or any Five of the said Justices without the said Bishop, shall be appointed, then and there to be examined. Hated, and corredled; and that the said Accounts so made up by the said Cori.'.rvators, whether or not the same shall have been examined and corrected by the said Bishop and Justices, or any of them as herein last before mentioned, shall be brought before the said Bishop and Justices, or any Five of the said Justices, in the Absence of the said Bishop, at the Opening of the Court of the n°xt General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be. held in and for the said County after the said First Day of August yearly, there to remain during the Whole of that Sessions for the Inspection of any Persons desiring the fame, without Fee or Reward j and the said

Bishop

Recital that the Conservators had expended confidei able Sums of Money in makii g the River navi, gable.

Re< ital that Doubts have arilen on the Conitruction of the Acts.

Repeal of some of the Power? niven

and other Powers iub-stituted in

1379

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 83.

Bishop and Justices at the said Sessions, or any Five of the said Justices, in the Absence of the said Bishop, are hereby authorized and required to examine, (fate, and allow the said Accounts of the said Conlervators; and that the said Accounts being so examined, stated, and allowed as herein last before mentioned, shall be final and conclusive, unless some evident Error or Mistake shall appear therein, which Error or Mistake may be reviewed and corrected in the Accounts of the next succeeding Year, but not afterwards; and that, except in case of such Error or Mistake, the Balance appearing to be due to the said Conservators on each respective Account so examined, stated, and allowed, shall always form and be the Basis of the next succeeding Account.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein before contained provisothar shall alter or affect the Distribution of the Surplus of the said Accounts according to the said recited Acts; nor the Power of administering Oaths farmer A and summoning Witnesses, by the said first recited Act given to the said

Bishop and Justices, or the said Fivejustices; nor the Provision therein con- minittering tained for depositing among the Records of the Sessions a Duplicate of paths, and the said Accounts; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof w7we°ire"S in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Persons wii-wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break,

throw down, damage, or destroy any Bridge, Bank, Gate, Fence, Tow- works to be ing Path or Lock, or other Work or Works belonging to the said Navi- 53

gation, or to the said Conservators, every such Person being thereof convicted, shall be deemed a Felon, and shall be subject and liable to such Punishment as Persons convicted for Petty Larceny are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Boatman or Bargeman, Punishing or any Person employed in navigating or towing or drawing any Boat, committing Barge, or other Vessel, upon the said River, shall at any Time do any Tretpafles. wilful Hurt, Damage, Spoil, or Destruction to any Corn, Grass, or

Hay, or any Gates, Stiles, Hedges, or Fences, or any Lands or Tenements near or adjoining to the said River, or the Towing Paths belonging to the said Navigation, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County of Somerset, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses,

shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the Occupiers of the Lands where such Trespass shall be committed any Sum not exceeding Double the Amount of the Damages occasioned by such Trespass, to be ascertained by such Justices.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Con- Conservators fervators of the said River for the Time being, or the major Part of derTwith°th"e them, to make an Orders cr Regulations in Writing for the Govern- Approbation inent to the Boatmen, Bargemen, or others, in navigating Boats or fn jlc'5 Barges, or floating Timber on the said River, which Orders or Regula- for the Go-tions, being laid for Examination and Correction before the Justices of p'rYjn*nnaof the Peace assembled at any General Quarter Sessions to be held for the gating on said County next after Midsummer, and published Twice in some News- tlieRiv*r-paper commonly circulated in the said County, between that Time and the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County after the (ollowing Michaelmas, and then approved and confirmed at such last mentioned Sessions, shall be duly observed and kept by all Persons using the said River for navigating Boats, Barges, and

other

i38o 44° GEORGII III. Cap. 83*

other Vessels, of floating Timber; and that every Person who shall offend against any of such Orders or Regulations, being thereof convicted before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Recovery

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Forfeitures imposed tion of*Fines ^y or under the Authority of this Act, shall, in case of Non-payment and Forfei- thereof on Conviction of the Offender, be recovered by Distress and

tnres. Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the

Hand and Seal of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Somerset, and such Justices are hereby authorized and required to examine Witnesses on Oath, and hear and determine all Complaints arising under this Act; and all such Fines and Forfeitures, except such as are herein-before given to the Occupiers of the Lands whereon Trespasses shall be committed, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or the Clerk to the said Conservaters, and shall be accounted for, applied, and disposed of in the same Manner as the Tolls arising from the said Navigation, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fine or Forfeiture, and the Expences of recovering the fame, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels j and for Want of sufficient Distress whereon to levy any Fine or Forfeiture, and in case the Fine or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County of Somerset, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Persons ag-

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking grieved may^ himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Conviction, Order, Oerter0 ' Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace StMions. made in pursuance of this Act, may, within Six Calendar Months after such Order, Judgement, or Determination shall have been made, (first giving Twenty Days Notice of the Complaint to the Person or Persons against whom the fame is intended to be made,) complain to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the said County of Somerset \ and the said Justices shall hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a fuinmary Way, and may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Conviction, Order, Judgement, or Determination, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable.

[Publick Act.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be allowed in all Courts whatsoever as a Publick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

j|H|i*jK*jK*4l * »* *

Cap. 84.

An Act for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another Place of Confinement

WHEREAS by a recent Survey of the Poultry Compter in the City of London, it has been found that the said Compter is in such a State of Decay, as to become inadequate to the safe Custody of the Debtors and Prisoners therein confined, and extremely' dangerous, as well to the Lives of the said Debtors and Prisoners as to other Persons resorting the reto: And whereas it may become indispensably necessary to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the said Compter to some other Place of Confinement for safe Custody during the Time that may be requisite for the rebuilding or repairing of the said Compter, or providing another Compter; but the Sheriffs of the City of London cannot, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, effect such Removal; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present The Sheriffs Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from ®»yr«mo»* and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Sheriffs of ti^/w",1" rZ.cc. Eg* Per.] 16 A the Comptn, to

in the said City.

1382

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 84.

Cmtur^t* ^ie City London, and they are hereby authorized, to remove all the till a new C' Debtors and Prisoners in their Custody in the said Poultry Compter to the Gilt-'bSSt0^ fPur~^treet Compter, or to such other safe, secure, and convenient Place within the said City as shall be approved of by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City in Common Council assembled, which Removal fhaj.1 not be deemed or taken to be an Escape; and it shall also be lawful for she said Sheriff's from Time to Time, and until the said Poultry Compter shall have been rebuilt or made secure and fit and commodious for the Reception of Prisoners, or another Compter shall be provided, to receive, and keep, and detain, in such Place as aforesaid, all such Debtors and Prisoners as may, during such Time, be and remain in or be committed to their Custody, who would otherwise have been confined in the Poultry Compter; and it shall be lawful for the said Sheriffs, and they are hereby authorized to remove to the same Place, all Offices now at the said Poultry Compter, for the Purpose of transacting any Business or Matter relating to their Sheriffalty, and Records, and Proceedings, usually kept at the said Poultry Compter; and the Place to which such Prisoners shall be so removed shall, during all the Time of the fame being so used by the said Sheriff's, be deemed and taken to be, and is hereby declared to be the Poultry Compter for the Time being of the City of London j and the Office of the Sheriff's of the said City shall be and is hereby appropriated to the Use of the said Sheriff's for the Time being, for the safe Custody of the Debtors and Prisoners committed to the fame, and for every other Use and Purpose to which the said Gaol or Prison, called the Poultry Compter, and the Offices thereto belonging, have by Usage and Custom hitherto been appropriated; and the said Sheriffs are also hereby authorized and empowered, when and so soon as a new Poultry Compter shall be built or provided, or the present Poultry Compter of the said City of London, or any Part thereof, shall have been rendered safe, and fit, and commodious, for the Reception of Prisoners, again to remove all such Debtors and Prisoners as may be then in their Custody, in any such Place as aforesaid, or so many of them as can be respectively secured and kept secure in such Poultry Compter, when rebuilt, provided, or repaired as aforesaid, to the said Poultry Compter j and such Removal shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape.

fublick Act. u, And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*8*

Cap. 85.

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground, and erecting a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex; and also 'a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS the Burial Grounds in the Parish of Saint Alar-tin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex are not fufHciently large for the Interment of the Parishioners, and it is therefore necessary that an additional Burial Ground should be provided iri some Parish near or adjoining thereto, there not being any Place within the said Parish that can be properly appropriated for that Purpose: And whereas the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish have agreed with the Right Honourable "John Jeffreys, Earl Camden, and the Reverend Anthony Hamilton, Doctor in Divinity and Prebendary of the Prebend called Cantlowes, otherwise Cantlers, otherwise Kent iff Town, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, for the Purchase of a Piece of Ground situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the said County of Middlesex, to be appropriated for a Burial-Ground, and for erecting a Chapel thereon and a House for the Residence of a Clergyman, to officiate in burying the Dead; and which said Piece of Ground is Part of the Estate where to the said Anthony Hamilton is entitled in Right of his said Prebend, and where to the said John Jeffreys Earl Camden is beneficially entitled in Possession under a Lease for Three Lives, granted by the said Anthony Hamilton as such Prebendary as aforesaid, but the said Agreement cannot be rendered effectual without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s [Ter. id Per.~\ 16 B Moll

1386

Land veiled for a Burial-Ground.

First Meet, ing of Trustees.

May adjourn.

Proceedings of Five Truf-toes to be binding.

To sue and be sued in the Name of the Vellry Clerk,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

Mod Fxceilenc Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Tords Spi-iiual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Paid Piece or Parcel of Grotind agreed to be purchased as aforesaid, containing by Admeasurement Four Acres, situate in the Parish of Saint Pancras, and which is already marked or (faked out, and is Part of Two Fields called Upper Meadow and Upper Bro~yk Meadow, and contains in Length, on the North-West Side thereof, Four hundred and seventy-nine Feet or thereabouts, and on the South East Side thereof Four hundred and sixty-one Feet or thereabouts, and in Breadth, on the South-West Side thereof, Three hundred and seventy-seven Feet or thereabouts, and on the North-East Side thereof Three hundred and sixty-thrce Feet or thereabouts, and abuts towards the South-West on a new intended Street called Bayhcm Street, and towards the South-East on a new intended Street called Ptatt-Streelj and towards the North-East on a new intended Street called Camder.-Slreet, and towards the North-Weston the said Fields called Upper Meadow and Upper Brook Meadow, and which said Piece of Ground is Parcel of the Estate wh reto the said Anthony Hamilton, as such Prebendary, and the said John Jeffreys Earl Camden, under such l.ease are respectively entitled as aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be vested in the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, and their Successors for ever, for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and the said Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish shall be and they are hereby constituted a Body Corporate for the Purpose of holding the said Piece of Ground in perpetual Succession.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Vicar, Churchwardens, and O verfeers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for the several Purposes of this Act; and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to meet in the Vestry-Room of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, or any other convenient Place in the said Parish, within One Month next after the patting of this Act, and to proceed to pot this Act into Execution; and the said Trustees shall and may then, and from Time to Time, adjourn their Meetings as they, or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and may also meet at any Time (without Adjournment,) upon Notice being given by the Vestry-Clerk, by the Direction of the Vicar or Churchwardens, or any Five of the said Trustees, Three Days at the least before every such Meeting; and that all Acts and Proceedings of the Majority of any Five or more of the said Trustees assembled at any of their Meetings, shall be as valid as if all the Trustees had been present, and had concurred therein: Provided always, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee for the Purposes of this Act during such Time as he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contraft, or enjoy any beneficial Employment under or by virtue of this Act; and the said Trustees shall, at all their Meetings to be held for the Purposes of this Act, defray their own Expences.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the Time being shall sue and be sued in the Name of the Vestry-Clerk of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields for the Time being, and that no Action

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 85. 1387

lion or Suit so brought or commenced shall abate or be discontinued by the Death of the said Vestry-Clerk, or by any Act of the said Vestry-Clerk without the Consent of the said Trustees, but that such Vestry-Clerk for the Time being shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit, as the Case shall happen.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Vestry-Vefiry Clerk Clerk shall be reimbursed and indemnified, out of the Monies arising

or to aril'e by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Ex- k"pgnce" pences, as by the Event of any such Action or Suit he shall be put unto, or become charged or chargeable with, on account of any such Action or Suit.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause the For inclosing Ground so agreed to be purchased as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as the B"',al* they shall judge necessary, to be inclosed and fenced in with a good and hiding*" substantial Brick Wall or other Fence, not less than Eight Feet high chapel with above the Surface, and shall cause to be done all other Things necef- Vaults, fary and proper for making such Ground fic and convenient for the

Burial of the Dead; and shall cause to be erected thereon a Chapel for the Performance of the Funeral Service, with Vaults under the lame for the Burial of the Dead, and also a House and other Buildings and Conveniencies for the Residence of a Clergyman, Clerk, and Sexton, to be appointed as hereinafter-mentioned, to officiate in burying the Dead, in such Manner and Form as they shall think proper; and an^tokeep the said Trustees shall and are hereby required, at all Times to keep 'he fl"e in the said intended Chapel, Buildings, and Vaults so to be erected, in RePair* good and proper Repair and Condition.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Ground, or a sufficientThe Ground Part thereof, when inclosed, shall be consecrated for a Burial-Ground tobeconfe-according to the Usage of the Church of England, and shall for evercraleai thereafter be used as and for an additional Burial Ground for the said

Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields; and that when the said Chapel chapel to be shall be finished and completed, it shall be consecrated as aforesaid, and consecrated shall be used for the Purpose only of performing Funeral Service j and and to be used the Vicar of the said Parish Church of Saint Martin in the Fields for the Time being, with the Consent and Approbation of the other Trustees, Vicat . ‘ or any Five or more of them, shall nominate and appoint the Clergy- Consent of man. Clerk, and Sexton, and other Persons to officiate and be em- Trustees, to ployed in the said Chapel and Burial-Ground, who shall occupy the.appoint a said Buildings so to be erected as aforesaid, and shall have and receive clerk^and for their respective Salaries or Compensation, such Sum or Sums of Sexton. Money as the said Trustees shall think fit and appoint; Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (the Vicar being present), for Neglect of Duty, or any other just or reasonable Cause, to remove and displace any such Clergyman, with the Approbation of the Ordinary of the Diocese for the Time being, and also the Clerk, or Sexton, or other Person or Persons who shall have been nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act, from his Office or Place j and upon the Removal of any such Clergyman,

Clerk, Sexton, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, some other Person or Persons shall from Time to Time be appointed in the Manner

here*

i388 44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

hireinbf fore directed, in his or their Stead; any Thing herein contained, or any other Law, Statute, Matter, or Thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

The Ground

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Piece of Ground so to iTe vc^ec^ 'n t*ie ^a,(^ Vicar and Churchwardens and their Successors,

in che p.riihC t(,g,;f‘ier w'th all such Buildings to be ertfted thereon or any Part

of Sj. Mar- thereof as aforesaid, shall, from and after the patting of this Act,

tin in the be for ever deemed and taken to be within and Part of the said

fields. Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields-, and shall from thenceforth

for ever be freed, exempted, and discharged of and from the Payment of all and all Manner of Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments to any other Parish or Place whatsoever; and also of and from the Payment of all Tithes and other Dues and Duties whatsoever to the Rector or Vicar of any such Parish or Place other than and except as hereinafter mentioned, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in case any Houses or other Buildings (other than and except as aforesaid) shall, ac any Time hereafter, be erected upon any Part of the said Ground which shall be granted or let to any Person or Persons in Consideration of any Rent, or of any Premium, Fine, or Income whatever, to be paid by such Person or Persons for the Use and Occupation thereof; all such Houses or Buildings with the Appurtenances for which any such Rent, Premium, Fine, or Income shall be paid shall be deemed and taken to be within the said Parish of Saint Pancras, and be and continue subject and liable to the Paymenc of all such Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, Rates, and Assessments for the Benefit of the Parish of Saint Pancras, as any other Houses or Buildings in the same Parish shall be, and continue subject and liable to, any Thing herein-before Contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Compenfa- IX. And, in order to make Compensation to the said John Jeffreys tions, Earl Camden, and the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Piece of Ground, in case this Act had not been made, and to the Appropriator and Vicar, and also to the Parishioners of the said Parish of Saint Pancras for any Loss they may respectively sustain on account of the said Piece of Ground being vested in the said Vicar and Churchwardens for the Purposes of this Act, and being exempted from the Paymenc of Taxes, Tithes, and other Payments as aforesaid; be it further enacted, That the Senior Churchwarden of the said Parish o(Saint Martin in the Fields for the Time being shall, and he is hereby required to pay or cause to be paid to the said Jehn Jeffreys Earl Camden, and the Ferl’on or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Piece of Ground in case this Act had not been made, for his and their own Use, the clear Kent Charge, or Annual Sum of One Hundred Pounds, and shall also pay or cause to be paid to the Appropriator for the Time being of the Great Tithes of the said Piece of Ground the clear Rent Charge or Annual Sum of One Shilling and Four Pence, and shall also pay or cause to be paid to the Vicar of the said Parish of Saint Pancras for the Time being for his own

Use,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 85. *389

UlV, a clear Rent Charge or Annual Sum, equal in Amount as near aS can be ascertained to the aggregate Amount of all Tithes, Offerings,

Oblations, Obventions, Dues, and Duties which the said Vicar did receive or was entirk-d unto for the Year ending at Rafter next before the passing of this Act, for or in respect of the said Piece of Ground, or from the Occupiers or Occupier thereof, and to the Senior Churchwarden of the fai 1 Parish of Saint Pancras for the Time being for the Use of the Parishioners of the said Parish, a clear Rent Charge or Annual Sum of Five Pounds; which said respective Rent Charges or Annual Sums shall be paid by even and equal Half-yearly Payments upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year for ever; the first Payment of the said respective Rent Charges or Annual Sums to be made upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five; and in case any Senior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Marlin in the Fields shall at any Time neglect or refuse to pay the said Rent Charges or Annual Sums to the Persons respectively entitled thereto by virtue of this Act, on the respective Days hereby appointed for the Payment thereof, or within Twenty-one Days after the same shall be demanded, such Rent Charges or Annual Sums respectively shall and may be recovered from the Senior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields for the Time being by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and which Aition shall not abate or be discontinued by the Death, Removal, or Resigna-tion, or going out of Office of any such Churchwarden, but may be proceeded in against the succeeding Churchwarden for the Time being, on giving Notice to such succeeding Churchwarden of such Action; and all such Sums of Money which shall be so paid by or recovered from any such Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields shall be allowed him in his Accounts with the said Parish.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Inhabitants of Fetstobs the said Parish of Saint Pancras shall be buried in the said intended Bu- Pa,ti to ,lie rial-Ground, there shall be paid for every such Burial (over and above y'ca°r°r the Fees which for the Time being shall be payable for other Burials) (or Churc’hwar-the Use of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton of the said dsns. Clerk, Parish of Saint Pancras, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be and Sexton, equal in Amount to the Fees which would have been due and payable to the said Vicar, Churchwardens; Clerk, and Sexton of the said Parish of Saint Pancras, in case such Burial had taken place in the middle Burial-Ground of the usual Place of Interment of the said Parish, together with the Fees payable on Tombs or Head-Stones, which said respective Sums shall from Time to Time be accounted for, and paid by the ienior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields to the then Vicar, Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton of the said Parish of Saint Pancras, upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year; the first Account and Payment to be made upon such of the said Days as shall happen nexc after the first Burial of any of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Pancras shall take place in the said intended Burial-Ground; and the Vicar, Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton of the said Parish of Saint Pancras shall, or may, at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Reward, be at Liberty to inspect the Register-Book of Burials within

[Lffc. £s? Per.] 16 C the

*390

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

the said intended Burial-Ground, and to make Copies or Extracts of such Parts thereof as shall relate to the Interment of any of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Patterns \ and in case any senior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields shall at any Time neglect, refuse, or omit to account for, and pay such Money to the Vicar, Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton of the said Parish of Saint Pancras, or any or either of them, at the respective Times aforesaid, or within Twenty-one Days afterwards, such Money shall and ^vered.-i*' may recovere^ from the senior Churchwarden of the said Parish of Surplice Fees Saint Martin in the Fields for the Time being, in such Manner, and or by Aetion by such Ways and Means as any Surplice Fees due and payable at the of Debt. parish Church of Saint Pancras aforesaid can. or may be recovered, or by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and the Money which shall be so paid by, or recovered from any such Churchwarden of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, shall be allowed him in his Accounts with the said Parish.

The Vicar,

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Maoio w* Clerk of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields for the Time being, bavcchefame anc^ also the Sexton to be appointed to officiate at the said intended Fees as for Burial-Ground, fin all respectively from Time to Time have, receive, the Church- take, and enjoy the like Funeral Rates, Fees, Dues, and Profits from, other Fees'*1 or 'n re^Pe<^ t^ie Burial and Grave-Stones, within the said intended as shall be Burial-Ground and Vaults as are now due and payable to the said Vicar, settled by Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton of the said Parish of Saint Martin Vestry. jn Fields, for or in relpefl of the Burial and Grave-Stones within the Churchyard of the said Parish, or such other Rates, Fees, and Dues with respect to the Burials and the erecting of Monuments, Tomb-Stones, and Grave-Stones within the said intended Burial-Ground and Vaults as may hereafter from Time to Time be ordered, settled, and established by the Vicar, Churchwardens, and the reftef the Vestry-men of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields for the Time being in Vestry assembled, with the Approbation of the Ordinary of the Diocese for the Time being.

Fees of New

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the aggregate Ground not Amount of the said Rates, Fees, and Dues to be taken and received than i'n*the ’n re*Pe^ ^ur'a' of Persons not residing within the said Parish of

usual Pia.-e Saint Martin in the Fields, in the said intended Burial-Ground, shall, in of Interment no Cafe, be less than the aggregate Amount of the Rates, Fees, and of the Parish Dues which shall from Time to Time be payable in tefpedf of Burials Ground* ’n l',e Middle Ground in the usual Place of Interment of the said

may be Parish of Saint Pancras.

situated.

Preventing XII [. And, in order that the Monuments, Head-Stones, and Grave-Stones, which shall at any Time hereafter be erected in the said intended ioginjured'" Burial-Ground, and the Inscriptions thereon, may be preserved and kept entire and undefaced, and the said Burial-Ground be preserved in decent and proper Order for the Burial of the Dead, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time after the said intended Burial-Ground shall be inclosed and uled for the Burial of the Dead, wilfully and maliciously pull and break down the Walls or the Inclosures of the said Burial-Ground, or break down or destroy any Head-

Stone,

139*

44° GEORGII III. Cap.

Stone, or Grave-Stone, or Monument, which shall be therein erected, or obliterate, or deface any Inscription thereon, he, she, or they so offending, shall, upon Conviction thereof before any Justice of the peace for the said County of Middlesex. or of the Chy or Liberty of Westminster, on the Oath of one or more Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer), forfeit and pay to the Churchwardens of the said Parish of Saint Marti;: in the Fields for the Time being, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lefa man Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of such justice, to be applied, in the first place, for the Repair of the Damage (o done as aforesaid, and the Residue (if any) for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment thereof, such Justice shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correclien for the said County of Middle-Jex, or City or Liberty of Westminster, there to remain and be kept ro hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Month at the Discretion of such Justice, who is hereby authorized and required to discharge such Offender or Offenders at any Time during the Period of such Commitment, on Payment of such Penalty as aforesaid.

RIV. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of the said App'ication Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields for the Time being shall, and they of F«e»-are hereby required to apply all such Fees and other Sums of Mon-y which they the said Churchwardens shall from Time to Time receive on account of Burials within the said Ground (other than and except such Fees as they are hereby required to account for and pay to the Vicar, Churchwardens, Clerk, and Sexton of the said Parish of Saint Pancras) in the Manner following; that is to say, in the first place, in paying the said respective Rent Charges or Annual Sums herein-before made payable, and afterwards in paying a Salary or Salaries to a Clergyman, Clerk, and Sexton, to be appointed as herein-before mentioned, and in providing Books, Surplices, and all other Necessaries for the said Chapel, and defraying all other Expences of carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution (other than and except the Expences to be borne and paid out of the Money to be received by the granting of Annuities as hereinafter is directed) j and the Residue (if any) of such Fees, and other Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall be applied in such Manner as the fame Fees and other Sums of Money would have been applicable in case this Act had not been made: And in case such Fees and other Sums of Money as last aforesaid shall at any Time prove insufficient to answer the several Purposes before mentioned, the Deficiency shall be made up and paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, arising from any Rate made or to be made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Par.fh; and in case there shall be no Money in the Hands of the said Overseers arising from such Rate as aforesaid, then ic shall be lawful for the said Overseers, and they are hereby required to make a Rate for that Purpose, which Rate shall be made, raised, levied, and collected, as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields can by Law be made, raffed, levied, and collected; and all such Payments shall be allcv/ed to the said Overseers in their Accounts with the said Parish.

I *2 0 2 1 3 y -

4V. GEORGII III. Cap. 8c.

XV. And whereas the Burial Fees received by the Churchwardens for

Cnufcb'katr l^c Time being, of the said Parish of Saint Marlin in the fields, have heretofore been appropriated towards repairing and amending the Church, Church-Yard, and Vestry Room of the said Parish, and by Reason of Inch Burial-Fees being hereafter applied in the Manner directed by this Act, it may become necessary, from Time to Time, to make a Bate or Assessment upon the Parishiontrs of the said Parish, for the Repair of the said Church, Church-Yard, and Vefiry Room; be it therefore enacted, That any such Rate or Assessment which shall or may hereafter be made for the Repair of the said Church, Church-Yard, and Vestry Room, shall and may, on Rtfufal or Neglect to pay the fame by any Person or Persons liable thereto, be recovered by the Churchwardens of the said Parish in like Manner in all Respects as any Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, can or may be recovered by the Churchwardens ot Overseers thereof: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall think himlclf, ncrfclf, or themselves aggrieved by any such Rate or Assessment, on giving reasonable Notice to the Churchwardens of the said Parish, to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County of Middlesex \ and the Justices of the Peace then and there assembled are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of such Appeal.

For borrow.

XVI. And in order that a sufficient Sum of Money may be forthwith

ing Money, raised to defray the Expence of inclosing and fencing the said Piece of Ground, and doing all Things necessary and proper for making the same fit and convenient for the Burial of the Dead, and erecting the said Chapel, House and other Buildings as aforesaid; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay to the said Trusteesor any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall, by any Writing under their Hands, appoint to receive the same, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds, for the absolute Purchase of one or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of such other Person as shall be nominated by, or on the Behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of Payment of his or her Contribution-Money, which Annuity or Annuities shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Annum for every One Hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, to be advanced as aforesaid, and shall be payable and paid in the Vestry Room of the said Parish, or such other Place in the same Parish as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time appoint, by four Payments in the Year, the first: of such Payments to begin and be made to the respective Purchasers, or their Assigns, at the Expiration of Three Months next after Payment of his or her Purchase-Money; all which laid Annuities so to be purcha-fed as aforesaid, shall noc exceed in the whole the Yearly Sum of Four Hundred Pounds-, and the Money arising by the Sale of such

Annuities

A ai

a

b

V

fi

la

la

t

1393

4+ GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

Annuities shall be applied in defraying the Expences of Inclosing and Fencing the said Piece of Ground, and doing all Things necessary and proper for making such Ground fit and convenient for the Burial of the Dead, and of Building the said Chapel, and the said Vaults under the fame, and the said House, and other Buildings necessary for the Residence of a Clergyman, and such other Persons as shall be appointed for the Care and Protection of the said Ground as aforesaid, and other the Purposes of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuities to be pur- Seeming chafed by virtue of this Act shall, from Time to Time, be secured and Payment of paid and payable to the respective Proprietors out of such Monies and Annuities, in such and the like Form and Manner, and according to such Rules,

Methods, and Directions as are prescribed and appointed in and by a

certain Act made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for building a Workhouse in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex, in relation to the Annuities purchased under the said Act; and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Clauses, Articles, Matters, and Things in the said Act contained in relation to the said Annuities therein mentioned, shall, in so far as the same shall be applicable, be and continue in full Force and be respectively observed, practised, and put in Execution in relation to the Annuities to be purchased by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Clauses,

Articles, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and F.xpences Expences of

incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid Pa®"S^15 by the said Trustees out of the first Monies which may come to their paj<joutof Hands by virtue of this Act. the Monies to

ba raised.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act not to Act, or in any Clause thereof contained, shall extend, or be construed abridge the to extend in any respect to abridge, oppose, or controul the ordinary C|*dr;"d[],;01l Jurisdiction of the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being in and of the Bishop over the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of of London. Middlesex, or over the Minister, Churchwardens, and Vestry thereof,

or in, over, or relative to any Matter or Thing respecting the said Parish, Minister, Churchwardens, or Vestry.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitations brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing of Afllon<" done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced

within Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or it the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or

[Z,or. Csf Per.~\ 16 D their

*394

Cods.

[Public Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 85.

their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the l;ke Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath in any other Cases to recover Cods by Law.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

J.QNDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straiian, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

- -

itr vur; cnijkitf’J

' ,.J> In gc . iJtk(ittoC

» <’> ct* ’ ' la . tjta to WR-

cxrjffu

p Mi

> iraifbniiufta^’n1 an

Vieiifcil J "'* L

i ;ut ft.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*«»4* t 4H|HMH|t*

Cap. 86.

An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent in the County of Surrey, and for cleaning, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, so far as the fame relates to the West Division thereof, as therein mentioned.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed In the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving the Str ets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lightings and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Tards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein: And whereas by the Lid Ad the several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, and other Places included therein, are, for the Purposes thereof, divided into Two Dif-trids or Divisions, in Manner therein mentioned, and the Parishes of Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Mary Newington, and so much of the [L«r. id Per.\ 16 E High

« G. j.

1398

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

High Street of the said Borough as is in the Parish of Saint Olave, are thereby directed to make One Division, and to be called The West Division, and divers Powers for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the said several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, and other Places, are thereby given to and vested in the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution: And whereas an Act was palfed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to explain and amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers, and for regulating the Manner of taxing Churches and other Publick Buikiings within the Limits of the said Act: And whereas the Money arising from the Rates authorized and directed by the said first recited Act to be taken and levied is insufficient for the Purposes of defraying the Expences of paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, Lanes, Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages in the said West Division, it is expedient that such Rates should be increased: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts have in many Respects been found defective and insufficient, and the good Purposes thereby intended cannot be fully effected, ur.less the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the said West Division therein mentioned, is alered and amended, and further and other Powers granted: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Commission- present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Afis toVxe^ anc* evel7 £he Commissioners appointed and to be appointed in and for the cute present West Division in the said Acts mentioned, by and in pursuance of the said West Di.ifion rec’tec^ Acts P^d in the Sixth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His ' '° present Majesty, or by either of them, shall be and are hereby appointed Cpramissioners for putting this Act in Execution with respect to the said West Division.

Qualification

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person here-Commission- a^ter to e'e<^ed a Commissioner for the said West Division shall be ers. capable of a Sing as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or either of the before recited Acts, so far as relates to the said West Division, unless he shall in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual possession or Receipt of the Rents of Freehold or Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal Effate of the Value of One thousand Pounds; and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, together with Cods of Suit, and wherein the Proof of Qualification shall be on the Person pro. fecuted, and it shall be sufficient on the Part of the Prosecutor to maintain his said Action by Proof that the Person so prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this or either of the before recited Acts; and that no Person so hereafter to be elected shall take on liimfclf to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or either of the before recited Acts, until he shall likewise have taken and subscribed the Oath following before any Three or more of the said Commissioners} (that is to say,)

L A.B.

44° GEORGII III. Cop. 86.

‘ t A.B. do swear, That I truly and bond fide am in my own Right \fir,

1 if married, in the Right of my Wife} in the actual Possession and ‘ Enjoyment [or Receipt] of the Rents of Freehold or Copyhold Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty ‘ Pounds, over and above all Incumbrances [or poflfcffed of, or entitled ‘ to, a Personal Estate of One thousand Pounds, over and above the Payment of my Debts; and that I will discharge the Duty of a Commissioner without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any ‘ Person or Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD.*

lit. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall throw, cast, or lay, or cause, permit, or suffer to be thrown, cast, or laid any Coal, Allies, Dull, Dirt, Rubbish, Offal, Dung, Soil, or other Filth or Annoyance, or shall put or place any Stall Board, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Calks, or Goods of any Kind Whatsoever, or shall hoop, walh, or cleanse any Pipe, Barrel, Calk, or Vessel, in or upon any of the Carriage or Foot Ways, or shall drain, or permit or suffer to drain, any Soil, Blood, or other Filth, into any of the Channels of the Streets, Lanes, and Places within the Limits of the said West Division, or drive or place, or cause to be driven or placed, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, upon any of the said Carriage Ways, so as to occasion any Obstruction or Annoyance, and shall not immediately remove the fame when required so to do by any Person or Persons whomsoever; or if the Driver of any Hackney Coach or other Person dial I set or place, or cause to be set or placed, any Hackney Coach in any of the Streets, Lanes, or Passages within the said West Division, contrary to the Order and Directions of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, after the palTing of this Act, and which said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Rules and Orders for regulating the Places and Manner in which every Hackney Coach shall be set or placed within the said West Division, as they, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or if any Person or Persons U.all set or place, or permit or suffer to be set or placed, any Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, in any Part of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, any longer than is needful and necessary for the loading or unloading thereof. Which in any Case shall riot exceed Fifteen Minutes, or shall set or place, or cause or suffer to be set cr placed, any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, athwart or across any of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, either for the Purpose of taking up or setting down any Fare, or for loading or unloading thereof, or on any other Pretence whatever; or if any Carter, Drayman, Carman, Waggoner, or other Driver, shall ride upon any Cart, Dray, or Waggon, within the Limits of the said West Division, or upon any Horse drawing the fame; or shall drive, lead, or ride, or permit or suffer any Horse or Horses to be driven, led, or rode, within the Limits aforesaid, without having a leading Rein or Cord of Four Feet long at the most to the Shaft Horie, which Rein or Cord, such Driver or Drivers shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to hold in his or their Hand or Hands, and to walk by the Side of the Horse which he or they shall so lead or drive, every Person or I'ersons offending in any One or more of these Particulars shall forfeit arid ]5ay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; or if any Person or Persons shall fit or place, or cause to be set or placed, in any of the said

Carriage

T 399

Oath.

For preventing Annoyances, etc.

1400

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

Carriage or Footways, any Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, or other Materials or Things whatsoever, for the Purpose of building or repairing (except the fame shall be enclosed by a Hoard) any House, Shop, or other Building, and shall not immediately remove the fame, being the reunto required by the Surveyor or other Officer of the said Comnvffioners; Penalty on or if any Person shall run, drive, or draw, or cause to be run, driven, or Oie^FooivvIy- drawn, any Coach, Waggon, Cart, Pray, or other Carriage, or any Wheel, Sledge, or Wheelbarrow, or dial 1 ride, lead, place, or drive, or cause to be rode, Ted, piaced, or driven, any Horse. Afs, or other Cattle, upon any of the Foot Pavements, or shall hang out or expose to Sale any Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, beyond the Upright of any House or Houses, or shall place or put out any Garden Pots, or other Matter or Thing, in Front of any House or Houses, or shall permit or suffer any Hog, Pig, or other Swine, to (tray or be in any of the Streets, Ways, or Passages within the Limits of the said West ITvi-fion, tv rv i’erson offending in any or either of the Cases aforesaid shall for the First Offence forfeit and pav any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, for the second Offence any Su n not e<ceed;ng Twenty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Otfence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; Goods, tie. and any One or mote of the said Commuhoners, or such Person or Per-detailed* ^ons as ,^ev> cr any ^ive or more ih'-m, shall appoint for the Removal u>> it the He- of Annoyances and Op ru ions, may seize any such Stall Board, Basket, na.ties paid, Ware, Merchandize, Calk, Go ds, Coach, Cart, Waggon, ' ray, or other Carriage, and all Goods or other Things which may be therein, together with the Horse or Horses, (if any shall be thereunto belonging,) with the Harness, Gears, and Accoutrements thereof, or any such Timber, Stones, Brick, Lime, or other Materials or Things aforesaid, and every such Horse, Afs, or other Cattle aforesaid, with the Accoutrements thereof, and also such Wheel, Sledge, Wheelbarrow, and all Goods or Things which may be on or in the feme or other Carnage, Butchers Meat, Garden Pots, and every other Article, Matter, and Thing and cause the same to be removed to such Place or Places as he or they shall think convenient and proper, giving Notice to the Owner, Driver, or other Person or Persons having any Interest therein, (if he, she, or they can be found,) of the Place or Places whereunto the same shall be so removed, and the feme shall be there kept and detained until such < wher. Driver, or other Person interested therein as aforesaid, shall cause to be paid the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the fame, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, or other Cattle (if any); and in case the Goods, Carriages, Drays, Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, Materials, or other Things so removed, shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of Three Days next after such Removal thereof, then it shall lie lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof on Demand, after deducting the said Penalty, and the Charges attending such seizing, removing, keeping, Personsfeeing nppraifing, and felling the feme; and it shall be lawful for any Person or fenc^com*" Persons whomsoever who shall fee any or either of the said Offences committed mav mitted, by Authority of this Act, and without a Warrant, to seize and ftnd'he0f" aPPrehend, and also for any other Person or Persons to affilt in seizing and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required so to do, and to convey such Offender or Offenders

14.01

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

Offenders before fume Justice of the Prace acting or having Power to act in the said Division, who, upon Oath being made of any such Offence or Offences aforesaid, shall and may commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, nor less than Seven Days, unless the said Penalty, and all Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required. Twice in every Year or oftener, if they think proper, to make and sign a Rate, to be an equal Pound Rate, according to the annual Rent or annual Value, to be raised upon all and every Person or Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Well Division, such annual Rent or annual Value being Five Pounds or upwards, so that no such Rate shall exceed in the Whole the Sum of Three-pence in the Pound in any One Year of the annual Rent or annual Value of such Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments (over and above the Rates or Assessments authorized to be taken and levied by the said first recited Act); and which said Rate, and the Money to be from Time to Time raised thereby, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Acts within the said Well Division.

V. And be it further enacted, That towards defraying the Charges and

Expences of executing the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required. Twice in every Year, or oftener if they shall think proper and needful, after the passing of this Act, to make and sign a Rate to be a fluffed upon all and every Owner or Proprietor, Landlord or Lessor of any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement. Hereditaments, or Tenter Ground, within the said Well Division, exceeding the yearly Value of Five Pounds, in such competent Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time order and direct lb that such Rate or Assessment upon the Owner or Proprietor, Landlord or I.essor, do never in any One Year exceed the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound; which Rate the Tenant or Occupier, Tenants or Occupiers for the Time being of such respective Land, Ground, House; Shop, Warehouse, Coach House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tenement, Hereditament, or Tenter Ground, shall be liable and compellable to pay, and the same shall and may be recovered and levied in Manner as in the said first recited Act directed; and every such Tenanc or Occupier shall and may deduct the Whole of every such last mentioned Rate from and out of the next or any other Rent due or to become due and payable to the respective Owner, Proprietor, Landlord, or Lessor, for so much Money as shall be so paid by him, her, or them, or shall have been levied on his, her, or their Goods and Chattels; and the said Commissioners shall and may alfu rate and assess all Burial Grounds, and all Meeting Houses, Schools, and other publick Buildings whatsoever, and all dead Walls and void - , [Lee. & Per.] 16 F Spaces

Offenders in Default of Payment to be committed.

Rates to be made upon the Inhabitants shall not exceed Three pence in the Pound above Rates levied by Act of 6 G. 3.

Rates upon Proprietors.

1402

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 86,

Spaces of Ground within the said West Division, at the Rate of Twopence per Square Yard for every Yard of Pavement belonging thereto respectively; which Rate to be charged for such Burial Grounds dial I be paid by the respective Churchwardens of the Parish to which such Burial Grounds shall belong, and the Rates to be charged for all Meeting Hotrfes, Schools, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground, shall be paid by the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof.

VI. Provided always, That all Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements within the said Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages and Places as aforesaid, and Inns and Livery Stables, (the Entrances or Gateways only of which said Inns and Livery Stables are in the said Streets or Lanes respectively,) shall be charged with or liable to pay One Half only of the said Rate; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

I’erfonj pay-

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Pertbn and Person* ing; full Rate* paying the full Rates and Assessments by the said first recited Ail and by ed from the" this Act laid within the said West Division, shall be and they and every ct'rc^i’ t^lem *s and are hereby exempt and discharged from the Charges and

Highway*?8 Expences of repairing or amending any of the Highways, Lanes, or other 1 laces within any of the Parishes in the said West Division mentioned; any Law heretofore made to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Perron to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons other than but'he Sea- ^e Scavenger for the Time being employed by or under the Commis-venger em- sioners for the said West Division, or such other Person as shall be t'iie>Co1»mif- appointed by the said Commissioners, shall go about for the Purpose of iioneri. coliefling or gathering, or shall coll&ft or gather, or Avail alk for, receive, or carry away any Dull, Dirt, Cinders or Allies, from any House, Out-house. Shop, or Warehouse, or other Premises, or in or out of or from any of the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, or Places under the Management of the said Commissioners; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who Avail fee such Offence committed to seize (and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing) the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horse or Horses, or other Beast or Bealls, Cart or Carts, Wheelbarrow or Wheelbarrows, or other Carriage or Carriages, or other Implement, or Implements made use of for carrying away the fame, and he, lhe, and they, is and are hereby required so to do, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other V*'arrant, to convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders inta the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be fe.ured arid cenveyed before some justice of the Peace acting or having Power to ad in the said Division; and such Justice AiaU and is hereby authorized and required to examineupon Oath (which Oath livchjustice is hereby empowered to administer) the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, and any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to give Information touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be con-vided of any such Offence upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness, he, she, or they, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor lets than Twenty Shillings, and One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid to the Person or Persons who Aiall appehend, seize, and take lhe Offender or Offenders,

*4°3

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

Offenders, or such Horre or Horses, B aft or Beads, and other Thing or Things as aforesaid, and the other Moiety to the said Commissioners, and applied to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act; and if such Offender or Offenders shall not immediately on Conviction pay the said Forfeiture, such Justice is hereby required to direct such Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Beads, Cart or Carts, Wheelbarrow or Wheel* barrows, or other Carriage or Carriages, orlmplement or Implements, which shall have been so seized, (and which the Personor Persons seizing or afliding in seizing shall and may and is and are hereby required to drive, remove, and take, or cause the same to be driven, removed, and taken to any Place to be appointed by the said Commissioners,) to be appraised and fold, and after deducing out of the Monies to arise by such Sale the Forfeiture incurred, together with the Charges and Expenres attending the removing, detaining, keeping, and maintaining the fame; and after such Appraisement and Sale, the Overplus thereof (if any) shall be returned upon Demand to the Party or Parties whole Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, or such other Thing or Things as aforesaid, shall be appraised and fold; and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, or if the Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, or such other Thing or Things as aforesaid, which shall be so appraised and fold, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said Penalty or Forfeiture, Charges and Expences, then if inch Offender or Odende s shall not immediately upon Conviction pay the Whole of the said Penalty or Forfeiture, or so much of the said Forfeiture, Charges, and Expences, which shall remain over and above the Produce of the Sale of the Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, Thing or Things fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Appraisement and Sale, then such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time noc exceeding Two Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar Month, to be computed from the Day of Cmnmitm nt, urdefs such Penalty or Forfeiture, Charges and Expences, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend so prevent ot hinder the Owner or Owners of such Dull, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, from carrying away the fame for his, her, or their own Use, to be applied to any Manufacture of such Owner or Owners, or to the manuring of any Ground occupied by him, her, or them, but not for Sale.

X. And be it further enacted, That if the Person or Persons who shall so go about for the Purpose of collecting or gathering, or shall culleft or gather, or shall a(k for, receive, or carry away any such Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes, contrary to the Directions of this Act, cannot be apprehended, then and in every such Cafr the Owner or Owners of the Horse or Horses, or other Bead or Beads, Cart or C^rrs, Wheelbarrow or Wheelbarrows, or other Carriage or Carriages, or Implement or Implements used or employed in carrying away the fame, shall be subject to the like Penalty or Forfeiture, and which Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered and levied by such Distress and Sale, and divided and disposed of in such and the like Manner as last mentioned and directed; and if the Monies to arise by such Dirtrels and Sale shall not be sufficient to answer

Owners ot Dust, etc. ma> remove it for their own Use.

If the Person <aki n away the A h=s cannot be apprenended, the Owner of the Horses, etc. to be fub|e:t to the Penalty.

I4°4

Footways to be swept.

Ortain Penalties to he recovered within Fourteen Days.

Commissioner> may give Notice to Owners of Houses to remove Nuisances.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

answer and satisfy such Penalty or Forfeiture, Charges and Expenses, or if no such Distress can be made, such Justice is hereby authorized and required to commit him, her, or them, to the House of Correction for the said County, for any Term not exceeding Two Calendar Months nor let's than One Calendar Month, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House or Tenement within the said West Division, and in respect to Houses let to Inmates, every House Owner shall Once in every Day, before the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, ferape, sweep, or otherwise cleanse the Footway and Channel all along the Front of their respective Houses or Tenements, or cause the same to be feraped, swept, and cleansed, and in Default thereof shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings, to be levied, recovered, and applied in like Manner as the Penalties herein-before inflicted for laying Dust or Ashes in any of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, is directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

XII. Provided always, That all and every the Penalties herein-before inflicted for any Nuisance, Annoyance, or Obstruction, in any or either

"of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, and for collecting or talcing of Ashes, and for not sweeping the Footways, shall be levied and recovered within Fourteen Days next after any of the said Offences shall be committed, except hereby otherwise directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, at any Time after the passing of this Act, (any Thing in the said first recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,) cause to be given to the respective Owners, Proprietors, Feoffees, Trustees, or Occupiers of the several Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, Stables, Buildings, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said West Division, to alter or affix all Spouts and Gutters on the Fronts of their respective Houses and other Buildings, so that the Water be conveyed down by the Fronts or Sides of such Houses or other Buildings into their own private Ground or Premises, or into the Common Channel or Drain; and also to take away and remove, alter and regulate, all Steps projecting into the Street beyond the Upright of the House or Premises to which they belong; and all Pent Houses, Dripping Eaves, Stall Boards, Shewboards, Stalls, Window Shutters, Doors, Flaps, and Porches, projecting over and beyond the Upright of any House or Building, or projecting over or opening into any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Pafftges, or Places; and also all Flaps, Doors, and Cellar Windows, leading down out of the Footways into any Cellars, Vaults, or other Places belonging to any Building, Shop, Warehouse, or Tenement, and all other Incroachnients, Projections, Nuisances, or Annoyances whatsoever, (except such as are herein-before provided for,) which, at the "l ime of pafhng this Act or at any Time hereafter, shall be or be placed, set up, or happen to be within the said West Division; and all Cellar Windows, Window Flaps, and Steps leading down into Cellars, shall not on any Account or Pretence whatsoever extend into any of the said Streets, Lanes, and Places, or any of the Footways thereof, more than Eighteen Inches, to be measured from the

*4C5

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

the Upright of the House or Building to the Extent of the Kirb of any such Cellar Window; and in case the Owners or Proprietors, Feoffees, In case the Trustees, or Occupiers, shall refuse or neglect to do as before directed, for the Space of One Calendar Month next after such Notice shall be after Notice, given to him, her, or them respectively (which Notice shall be given in ^"7ydo'* Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Five or it at the Ex-more of them, or under the Hand of their Clerk or Surveyor for the ^e""rof the Time being, and delivered to or left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Proprietor, Feoffee, Trustee, or Occupier respectively,) it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to cause such Spouts and Gutters to be properly placed, and all other Incroachments, Projections, Nuisances, or Annoyances whatsoever, to be taken down, carried away, filled up, or removed, altered and regulated, in such Manner as they shall think proper, and shall return or cause to be returned to the respective Owners, or to be less on the Spot, or as near as conveniently may be for such Owner or Owners, so much of such Incroachments, Projections, Nuisances, or Annoyances, as shall not be affixed or put up or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act; and the Charges and Expences attending the lame shall be reimbursed to the said Commissioners, and be paid and payable by the respective Tenants or Occupiers of such Houses and Premises; and if any Tenant or Occupier of any such Premises shall neglect or refuse to pay such Charges within Fourteen Days after Demand made thereof, or by Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Surveyor, Clerk, or other Person appointed by the said Commissioners, or to be delivered to or left at the Dwelling House of such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, the same shall and may be levied on every such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting or having Power to act in the said West Division, which Warrant the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and empowered to grant upon Information on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal, returning the Overplus (if any) of the Monies raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting all Costs and Charges attending the fame, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels so distrained and fold on Demand.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall pre- commission-vent the said Commissioners, at their Discretion, from making any AUwances'6 Allowance or paying Pan of the Expence incurred by the Proprietors of to Persons any such House or Building, in removing any of the Obstructions, iniur<:<i-Nuisances, or Annoyances as aforesaid, in such Cases where the said Proprietors shall or may be materially injured, and whereby such Cases

may be particularly entitled to some Compensation: Provided also, that nothing in this Act shall be construed to enable Tenants to deduct out of the Rents due to their Landlords any Payments which they have made for the Removal of Obstructions or Annoyances which the Tenants themselves have caused or erected.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Occupier Poor Persons of any House, Tenement, or Building, shall be unable to bear and pay paj.tveJ any Rate or Assessment already made or hereafter to be made for paving, ment.

[/«. b" Per.] 16 G cleaning,

/11 n*vr Buildings to rif.r perpendicularly, or they shall be pulled d'»wn at the Expener of the Owner.

Where any of the Water Pipes break. Notice theie-of to be given to the Water Company to whom they belong*

44° G EO RGII III. Cap. 86.

cleansing, lighting, and watching, as directed to be made by the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any Rate or Assessment to be made in pursuance of this Act, or of taking down, removing, or altering Projeftions, or of any other Charges and Expences to be incurred by virtue of this Act, (such Inability being proved to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them,) no Distress shall be taken or made of his or her Goods and Chattels for recovering of such Charges and Expences, but the same shall be charged upon and paid cut of the Rates to be made by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Houses and Buildings hereafter to be built or new-fronted, or any Part thereof within the Wert: Division aforesaid, shall, lor the effectual and more absolute Prevention ef all Manner of Projeftions, Incroachments, Annoyances, and Inconveniencies, thereby rile perpendicularly from the Foundation; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter presume to build or new-front any House or other Building, or any Part thereof, within the West Division aforesaid, or cause the same to be done or rife otherwise than perpendicularly from such Foundation, or permit or suffer any Bow Window or projecting Window to be made, put, or placed in the Front of any House or Building within the Limits of the said Division, after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to give Notice to such Person or Persons to take down and remove such Building or Buildings within Fourteen Days from the Date thereof; and in case of Refusal or Neglect so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by an Order under their Hands, to direct the same to be taken down and removed by any Person, Workmen, or Persons they shall think fit, the Costs and Charges whereof shall be paid and reimbursed to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, or their Order, by the Owner or Owners of such Houses or Buildings, or other Person or Persons ordering or directing the fame; and in cale of Refusal or Neglect in paying or reimbursing the same to the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of them to cause any Action or Actions to be brought in the Name of the Treasurer for the Time being, to be appointed by virtue of the said first recited Act or of this Act, for the Recovery thereof, with Costs of Suit.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall happen that any Pipe or Pipes belonging to any Water Comj any shall break or burst, or the Pavement over or near the Spot where any of the said Pipes may lie shall fink or give way on Account of any Defect in the said Pipes, notwithstanding the Water may not ocze through the Surface of the said Pavement in the said Streets, Lanes, or ether Places, or either of them, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor :o the said Commissioners for the Time being, or such other Person as the said Commis-oners, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint for that Purpose, to give immediate Notice thereof to the Paviour of the Water Company, to whom he apprehends such Pipe or Pipes does or do or may belong, and require him to take up the Pavement, and open the Ground at or near the Place where the Water shall or may issue by reason of such Pipe

*4° 7

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

or Pipes breaking or bursting, or where the Pavement may have given way or sunk as aforesaid, within Two Days next after such Notice given to such Paviour, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode; and if, upon taking up the Pavement and opening the Ground, it shall appear that the Pipe or Pipes so broke or burst do not belong to the Water Company whose Paviour shall have taken up such Pavement and opened such Ground, that then and in such Case the Paviour belonging to the Water Company who shall have opened such Ground, shall, within Two Days afterwards, give Notice in Writing to the Paviour of that Company to whom it shall appear that the said Pipe or Pipes belong, (such Notice to be given or left with such Paviour, or at his last or usual Place of Abode,) and the Paviour of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes shall belong is hereby required to repair the fame, and fill in the Ground within Two Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid; and also, within Two when com. Days after such Pipe shall be repaired and the Ground filled in, to give ^Jce Notice in Writing to the Paviour or Paviours contrafting with or em- to the SCom-ployed by the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor or other Person aforesaid, of such Pipe or Pipes being repaired and such Ground being filled in, such Notice to be given to such Contractor, Paviour, or Comm.fiioners Surveyor, in Writing, and left at his or their last or usual

Place of Abode; and in case it shall happen that the Paviour who first if it proves receives Notice to take up the Pavement and open the Ground for the does not'be? Purposes aforesaid shall take up such Pavement and open such Ground, long to the and it shall then be discovered that the Pipe or Pipes which is, are, or ^ho ndty shall be burst or broke, doth or do not belong to the Company to whom opens the he is a Paviour, that then and in such Case the Paviour of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes belong shall make Satisfaction to the Paviour paid their who so took up such Pavement and opened such Ground for such Work; ^"company and in case the Paviour to whom such Notice shall be so given to take up to whom it7 such Pavement and open such Ground shall neglect or refuse to do the ‘id«btlong-fame within the said Two Days after Notice given, he shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and in case the Paviour of the Company to whom such Pipe or Pipes so broke or burst shall belong, or where the Pavement shall have so sunk or given way as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to repair and amend the fame, and fill in the Ground so taken up, for the Space of Two Days next after such Notice given, or shall neglect to give Notice to the Paviour or Paviours contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners, or to the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, such Paviour shall for the First Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and if the Person or Persons contracting with or employed by the said Commissioners to relay such Pavement so broke or taken up for the Realons aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to relay such Pavement in a good, sufficient, and effectual Manner, within Two Days after such Notice given to him as aforesaid, or if the Paviour or other Person to whom such Notice shall be given shall neglect to acquaint the Contractor or Paviour employed by the said Commissioners, of such Notice, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty . . Shillings,

i+o8

Inhabitants may be Wit-r.elicf.

Powers of the former Acts to apply to this A;.

Premises at the Coiner of King Street to be purchased, and the Ground laid into the Street.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 86.

Shillings, for the Second Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the Third and every other Offence any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings, relating to or concerning the Execution of this Act, or of the said first recited Act, no Inhabitant within the said Well Division shall be incompetent to be a Witness and be admitted to give Evidence by reason of his being an Inhabitant, and charged with or liable to pay any Rate, by virtue of this or the said first recited Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Acts contained, (except such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties,) shall extend to this Act, and shall remain and be in full Force and Effect, and be executed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, so far as the fame respects the said West Division, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted.

XX. And whereas an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the present or providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, and for regulating the Poor in such Workhouse; for widening King Street, at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark; for making a Carriage Way from the said High Street, through the Greyhound Inn, into Queen Street, and for improving the Passage from thence into Gravel Lane, leading towards the Black Friars Bridge Road in the Parish of Christ Church; by which said Act the Trustees therein named were authorized and empowered (amongst other Things) to treat and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of, and all other Persons interested in, Two Houses at the South Corner of King Street in the Borough High Street, with Sheds, Slaughter House, and Bakehouse behind the fame, then in the Occupation of John Mitchell, William Worthy, and Richard Holden, and to purchase and becomefeifed orpossessed of the lame; and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as should be agreed upon for such Purposes, or adjudged and determined as therein del'cribed, to cause such Houses and Buildings, or so much thereof as should be necessary, to be taken down, and the Ground whereon such Houses and Buildings stood, or so much thereof as should be necessary, to be laid open, towards opening, widening, and improving the Streets and Passages described in the Schedule to the said Act annexed: And whereas the said Trustees named and appointed in and by the said last recited Act, have, in many Respects, carried the fame into Effect, but for want cf sufficient Funds, and the said Parish of Saint Saviour being now very heavily burthened with Poor, the said Trustees have not as yet purchased or agreed to purchase the said Houses and Buildings at the South Corner of King Street in the said Borough: And whereas it would be of great publick Utility if the said Houses and Buildings were taken down, and the Ground whereon the fame stand, if a Part thereof was laid open towards opening, widening, and improving the said Street: And whereas the

44° GEORGII IU. Cap. 86.

the said Houses and Buildings are situate within the said Wed Division in the present Act mentioned, and the Commissioners appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, are desirous of advancing a Sum of Money towards the Purchase of the said Houses and Buildings, in order that the Ground, or Part thereof, whereon the fame dand may be laid open, towards opening, widening, and improving the said Street called King Street; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to pay or cause to be paid, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, or from the Monies to be raised by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Sixth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds to the Trustees appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fourteenth Yi ar of His said Majesty, towards enabling them to carry into Effect the said last mentioned Act, so far as relates to the Purchase of the said Two Houses and Buildings at the Corner of King Street aforesaid, and taking down the fame, and laying the Ground, or Part thereof, whereon the fame dand open, towards opening, widening, and improving the said Street.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required to pay and discharge the Charges and Expences of procuring and parting this Act, and all other Expences incident thereto, out of the Firrt Monies which shall be raised by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, or by the said recited Acts or either of them.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Twenty Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid, and tried in the County of Surrey, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall happen that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty Days after Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County than the County of Surrey aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in any Action

[Lee. ft?. Per.} 16 H or

I409

Paying Fx-pences of the Ad.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Defendants may plead the

If Plaintiffs nonsuited, Defendants shall have Cults

44-° GEORGII III. Cap. 86

or Actions Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering of the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colls, in any other Cases by Law.

PuMick Art.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and

allowed in all Courts of Justice as aPublick Act, and all Judges, Justices, and others, are required to take Notice thereof as such, without the fame being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 87.

An Act for embanking, draining, and improving certain Lands in the City of Lincoln and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Townships of 1Boultham, Skellingthorpe, Saxelby, Broxholme, North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and Hat how, in the County of Lincoln; and for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS there are within the City of Lincoln and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Hamlets of Boultham, Skelling-thorpe, Saxelby, Broxholme, North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and Hathow, in the County of Lincoln, certain Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands, containing in the Whole upwjrds of Four thousand Acres, Part whereof, being the South District of the said Lands, are bounded by the River Witham on the Eaff, the High Lands in Boultham and Skellingthorpe on the South, by other Lands in Skellingthorpe and Saxelby, and in Broadbolme in the County of Nottingham on the West, and by the River Fojdike and Brayford Meer on the North; and the Residue of the said Lands, being the North District, are bounded by the High Lands in the said City of Lincoln and County thereof, and in the Parishes [_Loc. & Per.2 16 I or

I4H

Commissioners.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

or Townships of Burton, South Carlton, North Carlton, Broxbclme, and Hathow, on the East and North, by High Lands in the said Parish of Saxelby on the West, and by the River Fojdike on the South, which said Lands are subject to be overflowed or otherwise annoyed with Water, for want of proper Banks, Drains, and Outfalls: And whereas there are within the said Parish of Skellingthorpe divers open Lands, containing about Two thouLnd Acres, which are respectively Commonable under certain Restrictions: And whereas the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the C.ty of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, as Governors of Christ's Hospital, are Lords of the Manor of Skellingthorpe; the Reverend John Pretyman, Doctor in Divinity, Precentor of the Cathedral Church or the Blefied Virgin Mary in Lincoln, and as such Master of the Hospital of Spittal in the said County, is Owner of the appropriate Rectory of Skellingthorpe aforesaid, and Matthew Gray Gentleman, is his Lessee for Years of the said Rectory, and the said John Pretyman and his Lessee, are entitled to all the Tythes arising, renewing, or payable within the said Parish of Skellingthorpe, or to some Modus, Compensation, or other Payment in lieu thereof: And whereas the Right Honourable John Lord Monson, the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, Governors aforesaid, Richard Ellison Esquire, and others, are Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Commonable Lands in Skellingthorpe aforesaid: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the prjfing of such Acts: And whereas it would be of considerable Advantage to all Parties concerned, and be of publick Utility, if the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands, lying within the respective Boundaries aforesaid, were embanked and drained, and the said Open and Commonable Lands in Skellingthorpe were inclosed and divided into specifick Allotments, and Compensation made to the Lid John Pretyman, and his Lessee, in lieu of the Tythes arising within the said Parish: But the several beneficial Purposes aforesaid canrot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament , May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflern-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Trumper, of Harefield in the County of Middlesex, and John Burcham, of Coningsby in the County of Lincoln, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for embanking and draining the South District of the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands, situate South of the said River Fof-dike, and for letting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing all the said Open and Commonable Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe, and for putting this Act into Execution, pursuant to the Powers, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein-after contained, and to such of the Powers, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act as are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act, so far as either of the ia^d Acts relate to or concern the Division and Inclosure of the said Open and Commonable Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe, the Compensation

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

penfarion for the Tythes arising within the same Parish, and the Drainage and Embankment of the South Didrift of the said Fens, Commons, Meadows, and inclosed Low Lands, lying South of the said River FoJdike\ and that Edward Hare of Cajlor, in the County of Northampton, Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed the lole Commissioner for embanking and draining the North District of the said Fens, Meadows, Commons and inclosed Low Lands, lying North of tire laid River, subject to the Reductions herein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or who shall have been elected in manner herein-after mentioned, shall before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in them respectively veiled, die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, a new Commissioner or Commissioners in the room of every such Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, declining, or refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting, shall beclefted in manner following; (that is to say), if the said John Trutnper shall die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, it shall be lawful for any One or more Proprietor or Proprietors of One hundred Acres in the whole of the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands, intended to be embanked and drained within the said South District, to cause publick Notice to be given upon the Door of the Guildhall of the said City of Lincoln, and on the Doors of the respective Parish Churches of Boultham, Skeliingthorpe, and Saxelby aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, that the Proprietors of the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands lait mentioned, or their Deputies or Agents appointed by Writing under their Hands, shall meet at the House of Robert Capp, known by the Sign of the Rein Deer, in the City of Lincoln, on Friday Three Weeks then next after such Notice, between the Flours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, then and there to cleft and chule a disinterested Person to be a Commissioner in the place or Head of the said John Tramper; and it shall be lawful for any Proprietor or Owner of One hundred Acres or more of the fame Lands, or his Deputy or Agent (appointed as aforesaid) present at such Meeting, to vote in the Choice of every such Commissioner so to be chosen as last aforesaid; and it shall also be lawful for any Number of Proprietors or Owners of the Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands, intended to be embanked and drained, lying within the said South Dillrift, amounting in the whole to One hundred Acres at the lead of such Lands, or their Deputies or Agents (appointed as aforesaid) to nominate any Person to vote for them at such Rleftion, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed as last aforesaid shall die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting; and that in case the said Edward Hare shall die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, it shall be lawful for any One or more Proprietor or Proprietors of One hundred Acres in the whi le of the Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands, intended to be embanked and chained, lying within the said North Didrift, to cause publick Notice to be given upon the Door of the Guildhall of the said City of Lincoln, and on the Doors of the respective Parish Churches of Burton, South Carlton, North Carlton, Broxholme, and Saxelby aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, that the Proprietors of the said lad mentioned Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands, or their Deputies or Agents appointed by Writing under

*4*5

Appointment of new Commissioneri.

I4-i6

If Commi f-iioners ilif-agrfce, a Third to act.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

under their Hands, will meet at the said Rein Deer Inn on the Friday Three Weeks then next after such Notice, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve in the Forenoon, then and there to elect and chuse a disinterested Person to be a Commissioner in the place or (lead of the said Edward Hare , and it shall be lawful for any Proprietor or Owner of One hundred Acres or more of the fame Lands, or his Deputy or Agent so appointed, present at any such Meeting, to vote in the Choice of every Commissioner to bechofenas last aforesaid; and it shall also be lawful for any Number of Proprietors or Owners of the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and indofed Low Lands, within the said North District, amounting in the whole to One hundred Acres at the least of such Lands, or their Deputies or Agents appointed as aforesaid, to nominate any Person to vote for them at such Election, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed as last aforesaid, shall die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting; and that in case the said John Burcbam fHall die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, it shall be lawful for the said Master of the Hospital of Spittal, and his Lessees for the Time being, or their known Agent or Attorney, by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint a Commissioner, not intrrested in the said Inclosure and Drainage, in the place and stead of the said John Burcbam, and fofrem Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed as last aforesaid shall die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting; and every Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid shall have the like Power and Authority as the Commissioner in whose place he shall be appointed was vested with by virtue of this Act, and that in the mean Time and until such new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be appointed in Manner aforesaid, in case of the Vacancy of a Commissioner in the room of either of them the said John Frumper and John Burcbam, the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall and may proceed in the Execution of any of the Powers vtfted in them by this Act (such Acts of the fame Commissioners as are hereby or by the said Act made final and conclusive only excepted).

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said John Trumper and John Burcbam, in case either of them, or any Commissioner or Commissioners to be elected in the room of either of them, (hill differ or dif-agree in the Execution of any of the Powers reposed in them by virtue hereof, or of the said recited Act, or in any Matter concerning the same, or to be done in pursuance of either of the said Acts, then and so often and in any of the said Cases happening, the Commissioners so disagreeing shall, and they are hereby required by Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month from the Time of any such Disagreement, to nominate and appoint a proper and experienced Person to act as a Commissioner in the Matter respectine which such Differrnce or Disagreement shall arise, and upon Notice in Writing under the Hands of the fame Commissioners, to be for that Purpose delivered to the Person so to be appointed, and which they are hereby required to deliver accordingly, it shall and may be lawful for such Person, or in case of his Death or Refusal to act, then for any other Person in like Manner appointed by the fame Commissioners, to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of such of the said Powers and Authorities, or other Matters concerning which the said Commissioners shall differ or disagree as aforesaid; and the Award and Determination of the Person so to be named and appointed of and concerning the Matter in

Difference

1417

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

Difference, to be exprrfied by him in Writing under his Hand and Seal, and enrolled, together with his said Appointment as herein-ascer mentioned, shall be binding and conclusive to ail Parties.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Anthony Bower of the City of Lincoln, Land Surveyor, shall be and he is hereby appointed Surveyor for executing the several Powers and Authorities veiled or intended to be vested in him by this Act, and in case of his Death, Neglect, Refusal, or Disability to ad, then such other Person or Persons (not being interested in the said Incl jfure or Drainage) as the said Commissioners or Commissioner shall direct and appoint to act in his place and (lead, within their or his respective District, shall be the Surveyor or Surveyors for the Purposes of this Act, such Appointment to be reduced into Writing and signed by the said Commissioners or Commissioner making the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money that shall be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, there shall be paid to each of the Commissioness, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence and no more, for each and every Day he shall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attendingin the Execution of this Act; and at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the said Commissioners shall defray their own Expences, and also their travelling Expences j and that there shall be paid ro the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or to be appointed for the s of this Act, so much for every Acre of the Land and Ground to be surveyed and admeasured in pursuance thereof, as the Commissioners or Commissioner employing him shall adjudge to be a full Recompence and Satisfaction lor all his Expences and Charges whatsoever in attending the said Comm flionrrs or Commissioner, surveying and admeasuring the said Lands and Grounds, taking Levels of the said Low Lands intended to be embanked and drained, and in making such Maps and Plans, as the said Commissioners or Commissioner shall respectively order or direct.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Commissioner within their and his relpc&iv'e Diltiidt, shall cause publick Notice to be given in Writing, to be fixed upon the Door of the Guildhall in the said City of Lincoln, and upon the outer Doors of the several Parish Churches within tuch respective District, of the Time and Place of their first and every oilier Meeting for the Execution of this Act (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) at lead Seven Days before any such Meeting shall be held, and the said Commissioners or Comm'ffioner shall and may respectively adjourn such Meetings from Time to Time, as they or he shall see Occasion; and in case both the Commissioners for embanking and draining the Lands lying South of the said River Fosdike, and afffdting the said Inclosure, shall not meet at the Day and Place appointed for any such Meeting, or ro which any such Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for either of the said Commissioners present at such Time and Place to adjourn such Meeting, and appoint the lame to be held at the fame or any other Place on any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of adjourning.

16'K

Appointment of a Surveyor.

Commissionere Allowance.

Commiftton-ers to give Nonce of Meetings.

\Loc. £5? Per.]

i4i 8

Other Notices how to be given.

Commissioners to trike an Oath.

Oath.

Oath to be enrolled

Proceedings of Cominif-iioreri to he entered in a Book,

$ur*ey to be made.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be so made and given by Writing, to be affixed upon the Door of the said Guildhall, and upon the outer Doors of the several Parish Churches within such Didrifts, or by Adverttlenient to be inserted in some One or more Newspaper or Newl'papers printed or circulated in the said County of Lincoln.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Surveyor in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement, execute the Powers ‘ and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner [or. Surveyor} by virtue

of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty ‘ King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this A£l~\ with-

out Favour or Affection to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath it shall be lawful for any One of the said Commissioners to administer, and they are hereby severally authorized and required to administer the same to each other, and to the said Surveyor, and such Oath so to be taken and subscribed shall be enrolled at the same Time and Place as the Award to be made by the said Commissioners is herein directed to be enrolled.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Orders, Proceedings, and Determinations of the said Commissioners and Commissioner, at any of their or his Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall be entered in a Bock or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the said Commissioners or Commissioner present at such Meetings, and being so signed shall be deemed and taken for Originals; and all such Books shall and may be read in Evidence in all Cases of Appeal, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings touching any Matter or Thing done in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Commissioner, or their or his Successors or Successor, to be respectively appointed as aforesaid, shall cause a Survey and Admeasurement to be taken of such Parts of the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands intended to be embanked and drained within their or his respective District, belonging to each Proprietor, as shall be used in forming or making any of the Banks, Drains, or other Works of Drainage to be made or done in pursuance of this Act, and of such of the fame Lands, the Contents whereof respectively are not Hated in the Surveys and Plans herein-after referred to; and also of all the said Lands and Grounds both open and ip-closed within the said Parish of Skellingthcrpe, and that a Map or Plan of the said Lands to be indofed, and also Maps or Plans of the Lands to be embanked and drained in each of the said Districts, and the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches in Statute Measure contained therein rtfptft-ively, and of each Proprietor’s Property in the fame, shall be therein fee forth and expressed, and shall be delivered to the said Commissioners or

Connaissioner

14^9

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

Commissioner for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and certified on the Oath or Oaths of the Person or Persons making the same, which Oath or Oaths the said Commissioners or Commissioner are and is hereby authorized and required to administer.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Surveys or Plans had and taken of any of the said Lands hereby intended to be embanked and drained under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore pa (fed for dividing and inclosing any of the Lid Lands, or otherwise, if the same are satisfactory to the said Commissioners or Commissioner, shall be deemed and taken for the Purposes of this Act to be full, true, and exact Surveys of such Lands, and of the Quantity and Contents of each Proprietor’s Share therein, and that the said several Proprietors shall be rated and charged to the said Works of Drainage, and the Taxes to be raised and levied under the Authority of this Act for the fame Number of Acres, Roods, and Peiches, as their said several Properties are Hated to contain in the said respective Surveys already had and taken thereof as aforesaid, so far as the said Surveys respectively extend.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Commissioner and Surveyor, or their and his Officers and Workmen, and also the Trustees to be appointed as herein directed, and their Superintendants and Workmen, shall from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and at all future Times, have full Power and Authority to enter upon all or any of the said Lands intended to be embanked and drained and divided and inclosed respectively, for the Purpose of making the Drains, Sluices, B idges, and Works, and also the Survey, Levels, and Assessment herein directed to be made, and for ether the I urposes cf this Act, without the Hindrance or Interruption of any Person or Persons whomsoever.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Proprietors of or Persons interfiled or claiming to beinterefled in any of the Open and Commonable Lands, in the said Parish of Skcllingthorpe, intended to be divided and inclosed, or exonerated from Tythes by virtue of this Act, or between any of the said Proprietors or Persons so interfiled or claiming to be interested therein, touching or concerning any of their Claims, Estates, Rights, or Intertfls, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners of Inclosure, and they are hereby required to hear, adjudge, and determine such Difference: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to determine the Title to the Lands or Grounds hereby inrended to be divided and inclosed, or exonerated from Tythes, or any Part thereof,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, artel's, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections,

Former Surveys m.iy be used with Commissioners Approbation.

Commissioners, etc. to have Power to enter upon Land.

Commissioners to determine Claim?*

Power so aC-

less Colts.

J420

Power to try disputed Claims at Law.

Determinations of the CommilTon-ers not objected to, to be hnal.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over ruled; and In case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall riegleft or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said C'>mmissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Party or Parties making any Claim, in, upon, or out of any of the said Lands, intended to be divided and inch fed or exonerated from Tythes as aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, or the Person or Persons objecting thereto, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand of his, her, or their known Agent, signify the f me to the said Commissioners, or any of them, within Two Calendar Mon'hs next after any such Determination shall be made, in such Case, but net otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Person or Pt-rfons lo dissatisfied wiih such Determination, to have the Subject of such Claim or Objtftion, in respect of which such Determination shall be made, tried at Law by an Action to be brought by him or them against any Person or Persons in whole Favour any Determination shall have been so made, upon a feisned Kfue, to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court where such Action shall be brought, in case the Parries shall differ about the fame, such Action to be brought within Four Calendar Months next after any such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall and is and are hereby required to appear to such Action, accept a Declaration, and plead to Kfue, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall thereupon proceed in such Action, so as to have the fame tried and determined at the first or second Assizes to be holden for the said County of Lineda next after the Commencement of such Action; and the Verdict of the Jury on such Tr al, if the same shall be lat sfatory to the Court, shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all the Parties interested therein, unless the Court wherein such Action shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict, and order a new Trial to be had thereupon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also upon sufficient C,use shewn to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is usual in other Cases , and that after such Verdict shall be obtained and not let aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act m conformity to the Verdict or Verdicts thereupon given, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that all such D.terminations of the said Commissioners as shall not be objrfted to by such Notice to be given to the said Commissioners, or One of them as atoreLid, or being lo objected to, and the diffatified Parties respectively not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be absolutely binding, final, and conclusive.

44-a GEORGII III. Cap. 87. 1^.21

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the lame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Inclosure shall set out and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways, within the said Parish of Skellingthorpe, such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, not exceeding Three Acres in the Whole, as and for publick Sand, Gravel, Clay, and Stone Pits, and the fame Allotments when set out shall for ever thereafter beufed by the Surveyors of the Highways, and by the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish of Skellingthorpe, and their Tenants for the Time being, to such Extent, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award, direct or appoint.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Inclosure shall, and they are hereby required in the next place to set out and allot unto and for the said Mafttr of the Hospital of Spittal, and his Leffee for the Time being, such Part and Proportion of the Lands, and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, as shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners of Inclosure, be equal in Value to and in full Compensation for the present uninclosed Glebe Lands and Rights of Common belonging to the said Rectory, lying or being within the said Lands or Grounds by this Act intended to be divided and inclosed.

XIX. And whereas, it is agreed that all the Tythes, both Great and Allotment Small, Modules and other Payments in lieu of Tythes arising and renew- lul Tythes. ing out of, in,' or upon the said Open Lands, Commonable and Waste Grounds, by this Act intended to be divided and inclosed, and also out of,

in, and upon such of the Messuages, Cottages, G ardens, Orchards, Woods, and ancient inclosed Lands within the said Parish of Skellingthorpe, as are subject to the Payment of Tythes, or to any Modus, Composition, or other Payment in lieu thereof, should be abolished and extinguished, and that a full and adequate Compensation and Satisfaction should be made to the said Matter of the Hospital of Spittal, and his Lessee the said Matthew Gray in respectofall such Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, by yearly Corn Rents, or Sums of Money in Manner herein-after mentioned , be it therefore enacted, Thar, in Lieu, Satisfaction, and Compensation of the Tythes arising, renewing, or in-Creasing, from or in respect of the Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided and inclosed, and of all Mefihages, Cottages, Gardens, Orchards,

"Woods, and ancient inclosed Grounds in the Parish of Skellingthorpe aforesaid, the said Matter of the Hospital of Spittal, and his Lessee for the Time being, shall have and be entitled to a Corn Rent or Satisfaction in Money, to be ascertained and paid in manner herein-after mentioned;

(that is to say) the said Commissioners of Inclosure shall from ‘The London Gazette, and by such other Ways and Means as they shall think most proper, ascertain what hath been the Average Price of good marketable Wheat in the said County of Lincoln during the Term of Twenty-one Years next preceding the Commencement of this Act (not estimating or including in such Alcertainment the Price of Giain for the Three Years Es* Per.] 16 L in

Ifany of the Parties die. Proceedings not to abate.

Allotments for Gravel, etc.

For Glebe and Common Rights.

1422

For re-a fee r-taining the Corn Kent.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

in which such Average Price has been the highest in that Period of Time, but upon the Average of the remaining Eighteen Years of the lame Term), and shall in and by their Award or Instrument directed to be made in and by the said recited Act, ascertain and distinctly set forth what Quantity of such Wheat shall in their Judgement, according to such Average Price as aforesaid, be equal to the yearly Value of One-fifth Part of such of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Parish of Skellingthorpe as are Arable or have been cultivated in Tillage within the Space of Three Years previous to the passing of this Act, One-eighth Part of such of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Parish as are in Meadow or Pasture, One-twelfth Part of the Lands usually called The Warrens, and now occupied as such, One-tenth Part of the Woods or Lands appropriated to the Growth of Timber or other Wood (not estimating or including in such Valuation of the said last mentioned Lands the Worth or Value of the Timber or Wood growing thereon), and One-ninth Parc of all other Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Skellingthorpe, intended by this Act to be divided and inclosed (exclusive of the publick Roads over the fame, and the Allotments for Materials, and to the said Mailer of the Hospital of Spittal, and his Lefiee, for Glebe and Common Rights), and that there shall be issuing and payable to the said Mailer of the Hospital of Sp'.ttal, and his Lessee for the Time being, from and ouc of the Lands and Estates of the several Proprietors in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe, or such Parts thereof respectively (not being less than double the yearly Value of the said Corn Rent or Satisfaction in Money) as the said Commissioners of Inclosure shall judge to be an ample Security for the fame, according to the Value of the Tythes payable in respect of each Ellate, such Sums of Money as shall in the Whole be equal to the Value of the Quantity of Wheat so to be ascertained according to the Average Price aforesaid, and shall be payable and paid by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be in Possession or Occupation of the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, out of which the said several and respective Rents shall be issuing to the said Mailer of the Hospital of Spittal, and his Leffce for the Time being, for ever, in such Payments, and upon such Day or Days in every Year, as the said Commissioners of Inclosure shall m and by their said Award appoint and direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, as well for the said Master of the Hospital of Spittal, and his Lefiee for the Time being, as for any One or more of the Owners and Proprietors of Land within the said Parish of Skellingthorpe liable to any Part of the said Corn Rent, at their respective proper Expence, by Writing under their respective Hands, to apply at the first Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the Division of Kefieven in the said County of Lincoln, in the Week after the Feast of Easter, after the Expiration of Twenty-one Years from the making of the said Award, having given Notice of such intended Application in The London Gazette, and all'o in some Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Lincoln, in the Month of January next preceding, to have Two Persons named and appointed for such Parish by the Justices then and there assembled, to be, together with a Third Person to be named and chosen by such Two Persons respectively. Arbitrators or Referees for enquiring into and ascertaining by and from or by means of 7he London Gazette, so long as the Return of the AveragePrices of Corn and Grain shall be published therein, and in case of no such Publication,

I4-2J

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

tion, then by such Ways or Means as they shall think equitable or proper, the Average Price of a Winchester Bushel of good marketable Wheat within the said County of Lincoln for the Twenty-one Years then last past, which said Three Arbitrators or Referees, or the major Part of them, shall by their Report to be made and delivered to the Court of Quarter Session to be held in the first Week after the Translation of Saint Thomas the Martyr then next ensuing, set forth such Average Price; and in case it shall by such Report appear that such Average Price of a Bushel of such Wheat is more or iefs than the Average Price thereof set forth in the said Award by the Value of Three-pence or upwards, the said respective yearly Tythe Rents shall be increased or diminithed as shall be declared by Order of the said Court, and the fame shall, from the Half-yearly Payment preceding such Order, remain and continue issuing and payable as aforesaid out of the several Allotments and ancient Inclcfures, charged by the said Award with such respective yearly Tythe Rems, until the same shall at the End of Twenty-one Years then next ensuing be again varied by such Application in such Manner as herein-before mentioned, and so from Time to Time at the End of Twenty-one Years for ever; and the Master of the said Hospital of Spittal and his Lessee for the Time being, shall and may have and exercise such and the like Powers and Remedies for recovering the said several Rents when the same shall respectively be in arrear, together with the Costs and Charges thereby to be incurred of or upon the Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands and Hereditaments out of which the said several Rents are to be issuing, or any Part thereof, as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are provided and given for the Recovery of Rack Rents in Arrear.

XXI. And whereas it may be necessary and convenient for some One or Ovpner* of more of the said Proprietors, at future Periods, to sell and dispose of his, viding the her, or their Estate or Estates in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe, liable to f»m«. to »p-the said Corn Rent, or of some Part thereof, and others may bedevifed by Remt’." Will, and upon Division of any of the said Estate or Estates in manner aforesaid, it may be necessary and convenient to the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being, to divide and apportion the said yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owner of each and every Estate in the said Parish of Skrflitig-thorpe for the Time being, so liable as aforesaid upon the Division thereof, either by Sale or otherwise (except by Lease or Demise at Rack Rent) to apportion and charge each and every Part of the Estate so divided with a due and fair Proportion of the yearly Corn Rents or Sums of Money so ascertained and set forth by the said Commissioners of Inclosure, provided in every such Division due Regard be had to the Quantity of Acres in and the Rate by the Acre ascertained by the said Commissioners upon the Whole or any Part of such Estate, and that each and every Division may be made to bear a fair and just Proportion of the said yearly Corn Rents or Sums of Money so ascertained by the said Commissioners as near as may be; and as the Power of recovering the Arrears of the said yearly Corn Rents or Sums of Money is herein-before extended to the Whole of each and every Estate, the said Power shall continue and remain the fame until a Division of the Estate and Apportionment of the said yearly Corn Rents or Sums of Money shall be made known to the said Master of the Hospital of Spittal, and his Lessee for the Time being interested therein, by a written Notice thereof from the Parties, fstting forth the Division or

respective

1424

How the Lands

charged with Corn Kents shall be ascer-taimd.

Allotments

and Corn Rents to be in lieu of Great and Small Tythes.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

fespective Divisions of such Lands, and the yearly or Corn Rents charged thereon respectively, which Notice, or a Duplicate thereof, shall be registered in the Episcopal Registry at Lincoln, for the Inrolment whereof the usual Fee shall be paid, and a Copy of such Inrolment signed by the Registrar or other proper Officer for the Time being, shall at all Times be deemed and taken to be legal Evidence thereof; and after such Notice, his Power of Distress and Recovery of Rents so apportioned and being in Arrear, shall be upon each and every Division so made in like Manner as it is in and by this Act directed upon the Whole of such Estates so divided as aforesaid.

XXII. And, in order to prevent any Difficulty to the said Master of the Hospital of Spiltal, and his Lessee for the Time being, by the Division of any Estate by Sale or otherwise, and to facilitate the future Regulations of the said yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money; be it further enacted, That the Lid Commissioners of Inclosure shall and they are hereby required to make, or cause to be made, Two complete Schedules or De-fcripiions of each and every Allotment and Parcel of ancient Inclosure, with the Name of the Owner thereof, the exact Measure in Acres, Roods, and Perches, the yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money issuing out of each respectively, and the Quantity of Wheat which is to govern each of the said future yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money which shall be charged as aforesaid, and such other Requisites as shall be judged proper or necessary by the said Commissioners of Inclosure, to render every Matter respecting the said yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money clear and plain in future, which said Schedules and Description shall be signed by he laid Commissioners, and One deposited in the Episcopal Regift; y at Lincoln, and the other annexed to the Award of the said Commissioners directed to be trade by this or the said recited Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment or Allotments which shall be set out for the said Master of the Hospital of Spiltal, and his Lessee for the Time being, in respect of Glebe and Common Rights and the Corn Rents required to be ascertained, charged, and paid as hcie-in-before directed, shall be in lieu of and in full Compensation and Satisfaction for all Glebe Lands and Rights of Common in and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and of and for all the Great and Small Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and other Payments whatsoever in lieu of Tythes, arising, renewing, increasing, appertaining or due or payable from, out, or in respect of all and every the Messuages, Cottages, Tofts, Homelleads, Gardens, Orchards, inclosed Lands, Open and Common Lands, Fens, Meadows, Pastures, Wood Grounds, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, and ell other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Skcilir.gthcrfe, and the fame Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and offier Paymcns, in lieu of Tythes, shall, immediately from and after the making and setting out the Allotments, and ascertaining of the said Corn Rents to be paid in lieu and Satisfaction thereof as aforesaid, and veiling the fame in the said Master and his Lessee, or at such other Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award, or any Writing to be signed by them previous to the Execution of their Award, direct or appoint, cease, determine and be for ever extinguished (Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees, only excepted).

44° GEORGII III. Cap.S7. 1425

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of In- Allotments to clolure shall, and they are hereby also required, in the next Place, to let out fjj! mTiktfor and allot unto and for the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, Gover- Ki-htofSoil, nors as aforesaid, as Lords of the said Manor of Skellingthorpe, Onr-twentieh

Part of the men Residue of the unknown Lands ami Waste Grounds, directed to be divided and inclosed, in lieu of and as a full Compensation for the Right and Inerclt of the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens,

Governors as aloiesaid, and their Successors, in and to the Soil of the said Lands.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, from and imrmd'utely after the GeneralAllot-said Commissioners of Iticlosure shall have set out Land lor the Roads and ments-Ways, and made the several Allotments herein- cfore duechd, they the said Commissioners shall let out, allot, and divide the Residue of the said Open, Commonable, and Wade I ands in the Parish of SkeHingthorpe aforesaid, inttnded to be divided and inclosed, unto and atnongrt the several Persons and Paities who at the Time of making luv h Division and Inclosure shall be posscfTed of or entitled to any Lend, R ght of Co union, or other Property therein (< xcept such Properties for which Allotments shall have been made in Manner before directed) in Piopoition to the rue and real Value of their several Shares, Rigli s, and Interests, and in full Sathfadlion of and for such their laid several Shares, Rights, and InterefL, to be ascertained and adjudged by such Wats and Means and in such Manner as to the fame Commissionets shall lecm just and expedient, but subject to the Rul s, Orders, and Regulations herein contained or referred to, and authorized to be established concerning the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be Allotments to made by virtue of this Act to the said Mailer of the Hospital of Spittal be cnLt and his Ltflce for the Time being, for or in respect of Glebe Lands and Common Rights appertaining to the said Rectory, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after setting out the fame, be indufed and fenced with

double Ring or outerim It Fences of Oak Ports, and Three Rails of Alh or other durable Wui-d, with a sufficient Ditch on eat h Side thereof, and planted with good thriving Quickset (except on such Sides and Parts of the said Allotments as shall be cirtdted by the said Commissioners of In* elofure to be fenced by the Proprietors of particular Allotments lying next thereto) and the L xpi nces of all the said Fences shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the Propnetors i f all and evciy the A.lotments to be made by virtue of this Act (except the said Marter of the Hospital of Spittal, and his Lessee for the Time being), in such Proportions, and to be paid at such Time or Times as the said Comm fliontrs of Inclosure, by any Writing under their reRcdlive Hands, or in and by their Award, shall order, di-redl, and appoint, and that all such Fences shall at all Times thereafter be maintained and repaired by and at the Expence of the Owners for the Time being of the Lands and Grounds to winch they shall be relpedlivdy allotted or directed to belong; and the several other Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed, heoged, ditched, and fenced at the F.xpence of the relpccuve P opnetors to whom such Fences shall be allotted or dirtied to belong, in such Manner and within such Time as the said ConinofTioners of Inclosure shall by their Award, or any W.iting under their Hands, order ordircdt.

[Lot. b5 Per.l

16 M

1426

Drainage.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Commissioner within their and his respective Diflricls, shall and they and be are and is hereby authorized and required, by such Agents, Workmen, or Labourers as they and he shall respectively think fit to employ, to enlarge, straighten, make deeper, or embank any of the ancient Drains and Sewers already made, in, over, or through any of the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inilofed Low Lands intended to be embanked and drained as aforesaid, and to enlarge, raise, widen, or othrrwife to alter and improve any of the Cloughs, Arches, Bmks, Bridges, or other Works already made therein, and also to m-ke or cause to be made such Sluices or Cloughs in such Places as shall appear to the said Commissioners or Commissioner most proper and convenient, and of such Dimensions and Capacity, and in such Manner and Form in every Respect, as shall be necessary and expedient for the Purpose of Drainage; and also to make or cause to be made any new Cuts, Drains, Dams, Sewers, Ditches, Banks, Tunnels, Outlets, Engines, Cloughs, Bridges, or other Works, which shall be needful, in, through, and upon any Part or Parts of the said Lands; and also to make or cause to be made such Tunnels under the Rivers Fo/dike and ‘Till (Tubject nevertheless to the Restrictions herein contained with respect to the Waters and Navigation of the River Fofdike~) and any Ways, Roads, Cuts, or Drains within the Boundaries of the said Lands, as they the said Commissioners and Commissioner shall from Time to Time think necessary or expedient, and in and by their Award, or by any Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, in the mean Time to appoint any such Person or Persons, and to make such Orders, and give such Directions for carrying on, effecting, and preserving such Works, and for maintaining, supporting, and keeping the fame in good and sufficient Repair from thenceforth for ever thereafter, as the said Commissioners or Commissioner shall think proper, just, and equitable, and to make such Recompence and Satisfaction to any Person or Persons in whose Lands or Grounds such Cuts, Drains, Sewers, Sluices, and other Works shall be made, or who may be prejudiced thereby, or by means or in consequence thereof, or for the Value of the Ground to be used for the Purposes aforesaid, and all such other Damages as he, she, or they shall thereby (uftain, as shall or may be agreed upon between the said Commissioners or Commissioner and the Owner or Owners or the Person or Persons who shall be prejudiced as aforesaid; and such Recompence and Satisfaction shall and may be raised in the same Manner as the other Expences for executing the said Works of Drainage, and shall be paid by such Person or Persons, and in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners or Commissioner shall think just and equitable, and shall accordingly order and direct, and shall be made and accepted in full Satisfaction for all such Damage as aforesaid; and if the said Commissioners or Commissioner, and such Person and Persons, cannot agree concerning the Amount of such Damages, then the same shall be a(L fled, adjusted, and finally determined before such Justices of the Peace or the major Part of them as shall be assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the City, County, Parts, or Division, within which such Damages shall respectively arise, within Four Calendar Months after the said Damages shall have respectively accrued. Fourteen Days Notice in Writing being given to the said Commissioners or Commissioner, by the Person or Persons complaining of such Damage, that an Application will be made to such Quarter Sessions; and in case such Owner or Owners, or Persons prejudiced as aforesaid, shall make Oath that in his, her, or their Opinion or Judge-15 ment,

1427

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87*

ment, such Damage exceeds the Value of Five Pounds, such Justices shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to charge the Jury which shall attend at such Scfli >ns, or fotre other Jury of Twelve honed and disinterested Men, to be then and there impannelled and ietu ned by the proper Officer returning Jurors for f ch Court, without Fee or Reward and cause them to be (worn, and truly on their Oaths to assess the Rccom-pence to be made for such Damages (which Oa:h the said Justices are hereby respectively required to administer to the said Jurymen) to which Jurvmen the said Commissioners or Commissioner, and the Parties complaining, shall have their lawful Challenges; and the said Jury, bring so charged and sworn as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence upon Oath to them given of the Nature of such Damages, shall by them Verdict alTcfs the Damages and Recompence to be made for the fame by such Owner or Owners, or Persons prejudiced as aforesaid, and the Veroidt of the Jury, and the Judgement of the Justices thereupon, shall be final and conelufiye to all Parties: Provided always, that such Justices shall and may adjourn for h Appeal to any otf er Sr (Eons of the Peace for the City, County, Parts, or Division aforesaid, and finally determine the fame at any of the said Sessions, and give Costs to either Party as they shall think reasonable.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paio for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments °jcn°when" " purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the exceeding Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, l0o/' Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other D (ability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hi. Account there ex parte the said Commissioners or Commissioner, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Dirt&ion and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Piofiis of the said Lunds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Discharge of any Debt or Debts, i-r any Part thereof, affcdling the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting Other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing lettled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like tlfes, Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchal d, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Tin e, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, on the Request of the said Commissioners or Commissioner, in Wti.ing, signed by them or him, and without any Order of the Court of Chancer, be inverted by the f.,id Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidarcd,

or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court

1428

Application where Money doe3 not ?mo nt to 200l. and shall exceed 20/.

Application where the Money is less than 20 U

In case of not making out Titles i

or if Persons

cannot be found. Purchase Money to bf- paid into the Bank.

440 G E ORGII III. Cap. 87.

of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenement, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability as alore-said, shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, nor be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of any Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified by Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners or Comm ffioner (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Money may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cale the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands Tenements, or Hriedlaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or in case of In(sncy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premtles, to the Satisfaction of the said Commithoners or Commissioner; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums ot Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Cale ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Commissioner, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money lo awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Arcount, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

Hereditaments \de[cril>ing ibem~\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispo-fuion of the said Court of Chancery i which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribtition thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonabk; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums ot Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Life the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to he paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to an/ Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possel-fion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary drill be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery j and the 'Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and alfu the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Podeftion was a wrongful possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest thertin.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Dtfability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and to be applied in the Purchjfe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like LJles, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancrry to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in purfuar.ce of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners or Commissioner, who shall from Ttme to Time py such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

[Lfe. y Pir.-}

1429

subject to the Order or the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall arise touching such Money, the Person in PolIW-iion of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall he deemed entitled thereto, according to such Possession, unless, etc.

The Court of Chancery may order reatonable Expences of Purchases to he paid by the Commissioners.

16 N

*43°

Conmission-eis may alter

the Course of the Till.

Works to be done by the Commissioner» of the North Dif-tr.it.

Certain Works near the River T;II may be Alfpenacd,

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, in order to preserve the Waters of the River Till, and to facilitate the Passage thereof through the said North District to their Outfall into the Fosdike, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner for embanking and draining the Low Lands within the said District, and he is hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to alter, enlarge, straighten, and embank the Course of the said River Til! where necessary, for the Space the lame extends through the said Lands, in such Manner as shall efleaually accomplish the Purpose aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectually draining and preserving the said Low Lands lying North of the said River Fosdike, the said Commissioner for that D.ftrid shall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered tocaufeTwo Tunnels, of Call Iron, of such Dimensions as he shall think expedient, to be laid under the said River, One of the said Tunnels to be laid at or near the Mouth or Outfall of the present Bishop Bridge Drain, and the other of the said Tunnels on the Well Side of and near to the Mouth or Outfall of the said River Till, and Two Drains of correspondeiu Dimensions to be made from the said Tunnels to communicate with the main Drain intended to discharge the Waters of the South District-, and the Commissioner of the Lid North District is hereby also authorized, empowered, and required to embank the North Side of the said River Fosdike, with a Bank of sufficient Dimtnfions and Extent, and with such Forelands as shall be requisite or expedient for proteding the said North District against ordinary Floods, and cause a Catchwater Drain to be made and embanked along or near the Course of the High Lands bounding the said District, so as to conduct the Highland Waters into the River Fosdike through or near to their present CouTfe at B'fhofs Bridge, separate and distinct from the Drain intended to be made for discharging the other Waters of the said North District under the said River; provided that the Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands in the said North District are not thereby prevented or obstruded from such and the like Use and Cotrtrcul over the Waters issuing from the Highlands Northward of the said Catchwater Drain, for such and the like Purposes, and in as full and ample Manner as they have heretofore had, used, and enjoyed the fame, and for that Purpose shall and may, when and as Occasion shall require, lav any Tunnel or Tunnels under the Southward or Inner Bank of the said Drain for the Admission of such Waters into the said District j provided that not more Water shall be taken from the said Catchwater Drain than what has been usually produced by the Springs Northward of the said Drain in ordinary Seafuns.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if in the Execution of this Act it shall appear to the Commissioner of the said North District that the Embankment of the Lid River Till, or the Tunnels herein authorized to be laid under the said River, and under the Fosdike at or near to the said River Till, or either of them, will be ineffectual for the Purposes hereby intended, or become otherwise inexpedient, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to suspend or wholly abandon the Execution of the said Works, or any of them, provided that such Banks or other Works aie made and executed as shall effectually prevent the Flood Waters of the said River Till, as well as the ordinary Waters thereof, from passing Eastward into the said

North

l43 1

44-° G EO RGII III. Cap. 87.

North District, whereby the fame may be uttered through the said Tunnel directed to be laid under the River Fosdike at or near Bishop Bridge Drain, to the Prejudice of the Navigation of the said River Fosdike.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the Commissioner of the said North District to run off the Water of the River Fosdike, for the Purpose of laying the said Tunnels under the fame, without the Consent in Writing of the Proprietors ot Lessees of the said Navigation, but that he shall and is hereby required to make a Dam or Staunch on each Side the Place where such Tunnels shall be respectively laid, and effectually to remove the same as soon as conveniently maybe after the said Tunnels are completed, so that no Injury be done to the Navigation of the said River.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for tvo.kstobe embanking and draining the Low Lands lying on the South Side of the said commUIio' River Fosdike and Bray ford Meer, shall and they are hereby authorized, ers..fthe empowered, and required, to embank the South Side of the said River and Sjutl‘ Diflria-Meer, and also the West Side of the River Witham, and both Sides of the

Drain called, the Pike Drain, to the South east Side of Skellinglhorpc Moor, with Banks of such Dimensions and Extent as shall be requiftte or expedient for the Protection of the said South District against ordinary Floods; and to make and embank a Catchwater Drain along or near to the High Lands adjoining the said District on the South, of adequate Dimensions to discharge the Waters from the said Lands into the said River Witbain.

XXXIX. Provided always, That the P.oprietors and Occupiers of

Land in the said South District shall not be prevented or obstructrd from South Cateh-such and the like Use and Controul over the Waters issuing from the High water Drain. Lands, South of the Catchwater Drain last herein-belorc mentioned, for such and the iikePurposes, and in as full and ample Manner as they have heretofore had, used, and enjoyed the fame; and for that Purpose, the said Proprietors and Occupiers shall and mav, as and when Occasion shall require, lay any Tunnel or Tunnels under the northward or inner Bank of the said Drain, for the Admission of such Waters into the said South District: Provided also, that not more Water shall be taken from the said Catchwater Drain, than what has usually been produced by the Springs southward of the said Dram inordinary Seafoas.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter the Outfalls of the River IVitbam, or Drains comtr.u- Banks and nicating the rewith, and difehirging the Waters of the said River tluough ^"0*1 ftn*1 or near to the said City of Lincoln, shall be encreased or enlarged, that of the River then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or Trustees, to raise, make, and enlarge the Bank; and Drains which shall "' cl<" or may be made under the Authority of this Act, to such Size and of such Dimensions as shall be correspondent with such Alteraiions and Improvements which may be so made in the Outfalls of the said River Wit bam and Drains as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Navigation contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize and em-

power be altered.

Not to run off the Fosdike Water;- on laying Tunnels under that River.

1412 4-4° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

power any of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority or by virtue of this Act, to interfere with or alter the Navigation of the said River Fo/dike, or any of the Banks, Towing Paths, Roads, Bridges, or other Works made or to be made for the keeping, maintaining, and preserving of the said Navigation, or to make any new Work, or to divert any of the Drains, Streams, or Waters which supply the said Navigation, or do any Act that may obstruct or injure the said Navigation, or in any wise affect the good State and Condition thereof; nor shall any Thing herein contained extend, or be construed to extend, to invalidate, lessen, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities of the Proprietor or Proprietors, 1 ,eflee or Lessees of the said Navigation, but that the same Rights, Powers, and Authorities shall be and continue as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding, so as that the said Commissioners, and the Trustees to be appointed as after mentioned, shall not be preventedor restrained from making, maintaining, and supporting the said several Works herein directed or authorized to be made and executed.

Dir'aions

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Mouths or Outfalls of the Drains'into present Drains, and of all new Drains to be made in either of the said the tofdike. Districts for discharging the Waters thereof respectively into the said River Fo/dike, shall be protected or guarded by Sluices, Doors, or other sufficient Works, to prevent the Water of the said River from being diverted or taken therefrom; and that all such Drains shall be made of the fame Depth as the Bed of the said River, and of double the Capacity of other Parts of the said Drains, for the Space of Three hundred Yards from the respective Outfalls, if required, by Writing under the Hands of the Proprietors or Lessees of the said Navigation before the said Drains are re-lpeftively made and completed , provided that the said Sluices, Doors, and other Works shall be constructed so as to suffer the Waters in the said Drains to pass into the Fo/dike at all Times when the Surface of the Water in the said River will admit thereof.

If Commissionei or Tniftees neglect to

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that any of the Works intended to protest the Water of the Navigation of the said River Fo/dike shall be neglected to be done, or if by reason of any Ac-rrpair Works, cident or ether Cause, the said Works or any of them shall be cut of Re-the>%/Jihor Pair) or proper and sufficient Means shall not be taken to prevent the th;ir Leiiees Communication of the Waters of the Rivers Till, Witham, and Fo/dike, Suit!ep*ir or other Waters supplying the said Navigation (except such Flood Waters as may pass over the Banks of the said Rivers), with the said Drain or Drains intended to discharge the Waters of the said Low Lands to their Outfall at the Culvert or sunken Tunnel now lying or to be iaid under the said River Witham, at or near the Great Gowts Drain, that then and in any such Cale it shall and may be lawful for the said Proprietors or Lessees to cause all such Works to be done or repaired, so as effectually to preserve the said Waters for the Use of the Navigation of the said River Fo/dike, and that the Expences incurred thereby shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners or Commissioner, or Trustees, in like Manner, and with the like Powers of recovering the fame, as if the said Works had been done by

or under the Direction of the said Commissioners or Trustees.

8 ' XLIV. Provided

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 8?. 1433

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner of the North District, in making the Tunnels herein authorized works'"? to be laid tinder the said River FofJike, shall cause the same to be laid at Crsmag* in such Depth, so that the upper Part thereof be not less than Eighteen Inches Dirtrict. below the Bottom of the said River, and at such Season of the Year, and within such reasonable Time, as may the lead interfere with the said Navigation; and that due Attention and Regard shall be had to the Interests of the Owners and Lessees of the said Navigation in all future Reparations of the said Tunnels, or either of them; and that the Commissioner of the said North District, and the Trustees to be elected for supportirg the Works of Drainage within the same, or belonging thereto, shall so make, maintain, and support such Works, as that the Waters of the Fosdike, or ar.y River?, Brooks, or Drains communicating the rewith, shall not be diverted or taken therefrom into the said North District, except as aftermentioned, whereby such Waters may be discharged through either of the said Tunnels to the Prejudice of the said Navigation; and that notwithstanding the said Tunnels are authorized to be made of any lTnenfions the said Comrtiiffioner shall deem expedient, it is hereby declared, that the Passage of the Waters through the same shall be so regulated by all the said Comnnflioners, as that the Quantity to be discharged thereby may be apportioned, as near as may be, to the Means which for the Time being shall exist of discharging the Waters of both the said Districts to their Outfall below Lincoln, to the Intent that all the said Proprietors may participate, as far as Circumstances will admir, in an equal Degree in the Benefit of the said intended Drainage; provided that if all the said Commissioners shall not concur in Opinion reflecting the fame, it is hereby declared, that the Passage of the Waters of the North District through the said Tunnels shall be regulated and ascertained by John Rennie of Christ C.burch, Surry, Esquire, whose Determination in Writing under his Hand, delivered to the said Commissioners, shall be final and condusive upon all Parties; and the Commissioner of the said North District shall proceed in the farther Execution of the said Act, in relation to the said Tunnels, conformably to the Directions of the said John Rennie concerning the lame.

XLVr. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this This Act not Act contained shall authorize or empower the Commissioners or Trustees 'th/works'of acting by virtue of this Act, or any of the Owners and Proprietors of the the mthim. Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be drained, to invalidate, lessen, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities, veiled in all or any of the Commissioners acting under or by virtue of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for draining and prefetving certain Low Lands called'I he Fens, lying on both Sides the River Witham in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River, from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Bollon to the Sea-, or under or by virtue of a certain other Act, passed in the Thirty-iecond Year of the fame Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging and improving the Canal called Tat-terlhall Canal, from the River Witham to the Town of Tatteishall, and extending the fame into the River Bain, and for making the said River Bain navigable from thence to or into the Town of Horncaltle, all in the County of Lincoln; and afo for amending and tendering complete the navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Eofdike Canal, through [Loc. Fer.J 16 0 the

'*434

&otto prejudice D. linage of adjoining Parishes.

Commissioners and Trustees empowered to act in pres rving the Conrfe of Drainage through Lmcobu

CommilHon-er» to set out private Road* over Lands to be drained.

44° GEORGII ill. Cap. 87.

the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln; but that the same shall rTp> ftively be and continue in lorce, as tully to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or em» power any of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons under the Authority or by virtue of this Act, to make or alter, or cause to be made or altered, any Cloughs, Sluices, Tunnels, Drains, Banks, Engines, or other Works, to prejudice, obstruct, or injure the Drainage of any Low Lands in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place lying adjacent or near to the said River Fosdike, and draining the reby, not included in the Limits and Boundaries of the Lands herein-before dtfcished lying within the said Districts respectively.

XLVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed by virtue of this Act, or the Trustees for the Time being acting under the Authority thereof for either of the said Districts, shall and may and they are hereby respectively empowered from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to scour out and repair any of the Drains or Works by the Lid Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign authorized to be done and executed under the River IVtibam, and from the East Side of the said River, through the Great Gowts Drain in the City of Lincoln, and thence along the Course of the present Drain, communicating the rewith, to its Junction with the said River Wiiham at or near a Place called Stamp End, upon the like Notice, and in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Restrictions, and at the Expence of such Persons or Parties as the Lords of the Manors of Burton, Skelhngthorpe, and Boultbam, or any of them, are authorized and empowered by the said Act, to cause the said Drains or Works to be scoured out and repaired.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Commissioner, within their and his respective Districts, shall, and they and he are and is hereby empowered and required, in order to obviate any Inconvenience that may anse to the Occupiers of any of the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands intended to be embanked and drained as aforesaid, by reason of any of the present Communications being interrupted or (lopped up by the Works of Drainage to be made and executed under the Authority of this Act, to set out and appoint such additional private Roads and Ways, in, over, or through any of the fame Lands, of such Width as the said Commissioners or Commissioner shall think necessary, useful, and convenient, the said Commissioners or Commissioner saufing Satisfaction to be made out of the Monies to be raised towards defraying the Expence of the Works of Drainage to the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of such Lands, through which any new Roads or Ways shall be made, for any Damages they may sustain thereby, as to the said Commissioners or Commissioner shall seem meet; and that, from and after the Ltting out of such additional Roads and Ways (if anyj it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to make use of any other Roads or Ways, in, ever, or through the said Lands so intended to be embanked and drained, V or

1435

+4' GEORGII III. 87.

fcr any of them, either on Poor, or with Horses, Carts, or Carriages, other than such Roads and Ways as are now in being, and shall not be altered or flopped up by the said Commissioners or Commissioner, and also such additional Roads and Ways as shall befctout and appointed under o by virtue of this Act, or which shall beset out in the said Parish of Skilling* thorpe, under the Authority of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and that such of the former Roads and Ways through the said Lands so intended to be embanked and drained, which shall be altered or flopped up, shall, by the said Commissioners or Commissioner be awarded to the Person or Persons whole Lands shall be adjoining or contiguous thereto, he, she, or they making such Satisfaction for the same as the said Commissioners or Commissioner shall, in and by any Writing under their or his Hands or Hind, direct and appoint: Provided, Except over that no Road or Way whatsoever shall be set out over any of the Lands or conation* Grounds of or belonging to the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of LUala, »r.d "of the City of Lincoln, intended to be embanked and drained, without the J," special Licence and Consent of the said Mayor, Sheriff, Citizens, and Commonalty, by Writing under their Common Seal first had and obtained, or over any of the Lands or Grounds in the Lid Parish of Boultb.-wi, without the Consent of the Lord of the said Manor of Boultbam, or of the Owner or Owners of the said Lands.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if by Means of embanking and For prefeninj draining the said Low Lands, any Cattle which used to departure in the Lands and Grounds adjacent to any of the Rivers or Drains intended to be Cattle, embanked, shall be deprived of their accustomed or usual Watering Places then and in every or any such Case the said Commissioners or ComnsiHioner shall, and they and he are and is hereby required, at the Colls and Charges of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in the said respective Districts, to make such new Watering Places, and to lay such and so many Tunnels as shall be necessary through the Banks of such Rivers or Drains, and make Cuts therefrom to communicate with such Watering Places as aforesaid, or otherwise set out and provide proper and convenient Places in the said Rivers or Drains, whereby the said Cattle may be conveniently and properly supplied with Water.

L. And be it further enacted, That all the Cuts, Drains, Ditches, Worlcsof Dams, Banks, Sluices, Tunnels, Bridges, Trays, Stamps, Outlets, Drainage >0 Engines, and other Works already made or erected, or which fnallatany Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made, erected, supported, or ers. maintained by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of draining and preferring the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands, lying within the respective Boundaries aforesaid, and the Right and Property to and in the fame, and the Materials of which the fame Thai! confilt, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners and Commissioner hereby nominated and appointed, and their and his Successors, until the Power and Authority of the said Commissioners and Commissioner in executing this Act shall respectively cease, and until Trustees shall be appointed by virtue of this Act; and after such Appointment shall be certified as hereinafter mentioned, then the said Works, and the Right and Property to and In the fame, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, shall be and re hereby verted in the said Trustees; and tire Commissioners and Trustees of

How Drains are to f>e cleansed, in caie Propri-toj s ntglec*.

Charges of Inckilure and Drainage ap-jwriioned.

44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

of the said respective Did rifts are hereby nspectively authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in their or his own Names or Name, or in the Name of any one of them, or to prefer or order and direct die pr^feiring of Indictments or other Prosecutions against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, pull down, Heal, take, carry away, destroy, spoil, or injure any of them, or any Parc thereof, or the Materials of which the same shall be made, built, or consist.

I.T. And be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, of any of the said Lands intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to cleanse and scour out, and keep furhciently wide and deep, any Drain, Ditch, or Dike, or neglect to make and keep in Repair any private Road or Way, Fence, Dam, Bunk, Bridge, Gate, Stile, or Tunnel, which shall be directed in or by the Award of the said Commissioners or Comm ffioner, to be scoured, cleansed, made, or kept in Repair by him, her, or them, in such Manner as shall be therein directed, after Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing shall have been given to him, her, or them lor that Purpose, by the Officer or Officers for managing the Works of the said Drainage for the Time being, it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to cause such Drain, Dicch, or Dike, to be cleansed and scoured, or such private Road or Way, Fence, Dam, Bank, Bridge, Gate, Stile, or Tunnel to be made and repaired in such Manner as shall be in the said Award directed; and the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, shall reimburse and pay unto such Officer or Officers all such Colts, Charges, and Expences as shall be incurred by the cleansing, scouring, making, and repairing of any Drain, Dicch, or Dike as aforesaid, with reasonable Satisfaction unto such Officer or Officers for his or their Time and Trouble therein; and in case such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, shall (after Demand thereof made by such Officer or Officers) refuse or, neglect to reimburse and pay all such Colts, Charges, Expences, and Satisfaction as aforesaid, then the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so retufing, by virtue of a Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of the faiu Commissioners or Commissioner, Trustees or Tiufteefor the Time being for putting this Act in Execution.

LII. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety or equal Half Part of the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and the Whole of the Charges and Expences ot surveying all the said Lands in Skellingthorpe aforesaid, both open and inclosed ( xcepc the Lands to be emb.nked anti drained within the said Parish) and settling the Compensation for Tythes, and of dividing and allotting all the said Open Lands, and of fetcing out, forming, and making the publick Bridle Roads, private Roads and Ways, Banks, Bridges, Drains, Cloughs, and Watercourses, in, upon, through, or over the fame Lands (except such of the several Matters and Things aforesaid as are requisite or necessary for the said Embankment and Drainage) and also the Charges and Exper.ccs of inclosing the Allotments hereby directed to be made to the said Mailer of the Hoipit.il oi Spilial, and his Leftee, in lieu of Glebe

and

*437

44° GEORGII ’III. Cap. 87.

jmd Common Rights, and of preparing and enrolling the Award of the said Commissioners of Inclosure, and the reasonable Charges and Expences of the fame Commissioners and of the said Surveyor, and other proper and necessary Expences in the Execution of this Act or of the said Act of the forty,-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame respectively relate to or concern the said Inclosure, shall be borne and defrayed by the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Inclosed Land* in Skellingthorpe aforesaid (the Mailer of the said Hospital of Spittal, and his Leflle, in respect of their Allotments for Glebe and Common Rights* and Corn Rem in lieu of Great and Small Tythes, only excepted) , and that the other Moiety or Half Part of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and the Whole of the Charges and Expences of furvrying and admeasuring the said Fens, Meadows, Commo>s, and inclosed Low Lands so intended to be embanked and drained as aforesaid, and of preparing and enrolling the Awards or Instruments, and the reasonable Charges and Expences of all the said Commissioners in re» lation to the said Embankments and Drainage, and also the Expences of purchasing Lands for the cutting of Drains and erecting Banks, and the Charges and Expences of making, erecting. supporting, and using the said Works of Drainage, and all other Expences of embanking and draining the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands, lying within the respective Boundaries aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, as the said Commissioners and Commissioner acting f >r e.ch of the said Districts shall fee Occasion, be borne and paid by the Proprietors and Owners of the Lands to be drained by virtue hereof, in such Proportions and in such Manner as herein-after expressed t and in case any Rio* prietororOwnerfh.il iefufeor neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportiotl of any such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, within the Tim* or Times rel’peftively for that Purpose to be limited by the Commifli iners or Commissioner for executing the Works of Drainage within the District where such Lands shall be situated, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Commissioner (hah appoint to receive the same, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Commissioner, or any Person or Persons to be authorized by them or him, to enter into arid upon the Lands so to be inclosed, exonerated from Tythes, or drained respecti vely, o( such Person so relufingor neglecting, and the.Renrs, lflues, and Profits, thereof to receive and take, until thereby or otherwise, his or her Share or Proportion of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, together with all Gafts, Charges, and Expences occasioned by and attending such Entry upon and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises respectively, and also Interest for Inch Share and Proportion from the Time the same shall be made payable by the said Commissioners or Commissioner, shall be fully (atis tied and paid.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges herein directed to be paid by the Owners or Proprietors of the said Fens, Mea- eadTof'iict dows. Commons, and inclosed L>>w Lands, intended to be embanked and 'how p.iJ. drained (except the Expences of inclosing the Lands in Skdlingthorpe before, provided for), shall be borne and defrayed in Manner following; that is to lay, the Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying North of the River Fcfdiket shall, according to the proportionate improved annual Value (it any).-which they shall respectively derive therefrom, exclusively bear and pay [Z.er. Per."] 16P the

*438

Quantity and Value of Land liable to join Ex-p nte» alctr-tained.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

the Charges and Expence*. of all Works of Drainage to be made and exe- p

cuicd within the said Dtftridf, and of the Did Two Culverts or ftinken b

Tur.nels under the River Fosdike, and in making Drains from the Dme to n

communicate with the said mam Drain in the South Dilbid, and embank- {

ing the North Side of the said Rivtr Fosdike, and also the reasonable Charges r

and Expemesof the Commissioner 01 the said North District, and of the t

Surveys to be had and taken within the lame, and of the Award of the said r

Commissioner, and all other proper and necessary Expences in the Execution,

of this Act, so far as the fame relatr s to or concerns the said North Dtft'id;

and that the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said North District

draining by the sunken Tunnel under the Fosdike, near the River Till,

and the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in thr Parishes of Saxeiby and

Skellingthorpe, lying in the said South District, shall bear and defray the

Charges and Expences of making the main Drain in the said last-mentioned

District, from the Commencement thereof Westwarils to the Entrance of the said Drain into the said Padlh of Boultbam; and that the Owners and

Proprietors of all the taxable Lands in both the said D stricts shall bear and

defray the Charges and Expences of making the said main Drain from its

Entrance into the Parish of Boultbam as aforesaid. to the River Witham at

the Great Gowts Drain, and of embanking the said River IVitbam, nd of

all Works Eastward of the said River (if any) , and that the Owners and

Proprietors of Lands and Grounds intended to be embanked and rtraned,

lying within the said South District, shall bear and defray the Charges and

Expences of the said intend.d Catchwater Diain hounding the farm, and of the several Drains and Banks within the said District, except th- laid

main Drain; also the Embankment of the South Side of the River Fof..ke

and Brayford Meer, and the reasonable Charges and Expences of the

C< mmissioners of the said South District!, and of the Surveys to b<- had and

taken wi.hin the lame, and of the Award of the lame Comm.ffioners, and

all other proper and necessary Expences in the Execution < f this Act, in

relation to the Drainage of the said South District!; and that the several

Proprietors, Persons, and Parties hereby respectively charged with and

made liable to the first making and executing of the said several Works of

Drainage, shall from and after the making and executing the fame, for

ever thereafter remain subject and liable, in the like Proportions, to the

Support, Maintenance, and Reparation thereof respcdfivtly.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Commissioner shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to ascertain the Quantity of Land within both the said Distri&s which may be benefited by the said Drainage and Embankment, and the estimated improved annual Value of the said Lands*, and when and so loon as they shall have ascertained the fame, then do and shall apportion and charge the said Districts respectively with the Share and Proportion of the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and of executing the Works of Drainage and other Works herein directed to be paid for and done and executed at the joint Expence of the Proprietors of the said Lands intended to be embanked and drained; provided, that in case the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall dif-agree concerning the Quantity of Land within either of the said Districts which may be benefited by the said Drainage and Embankment, or the estimated improved annual Value of the said Land, that then the same shall by-ir be

1439

44° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 87.

be ascertained and determined by the said John Remit, and the Determination of the said Commissioners, or the said John Rennie (as the Case may be) shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Parties or Party making the same, and annexed to and enrolled with the Awards of the said Commissioners and Commissioner of Drainage, and shall be and be taken to be the Rule and Standard of the Quantity and Annual Value of the f.iid Lands and Grounds for the Purpose of charging the said Districts respectively, not only with the Costs and Charges herein directed to be paid and defrayed at the joint Expence of the said Dirtrifts, but also with all future Colts, Charges, and Expences, for maintaining and supporting the said Works of Drainage, or other Things necessary thereto to be maintained and supported, made, done, or paid at the joint Expence of the said Ddtridls.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Catch- For apnor-wat. r Drain intended to be made on the South Side of the said South Dif-trict, shall be found usefulor beneficial to any other Lands or Grounds in the Swth the said Parishes of BouUham and Skellingtkorpi, other than such Lands as ^'^tval£r are or may be contained in the said South Dilbift, and which shall be taxed for defraying the Expence of the Drainage and Embankment in the said South Difbift, such Lands and Grounds to which the said Catchwater Drain shall be so utclul or benefitial as aforesaid, shall contribute towards the Charge of making and preserving the fame in proportion to the Benefit such last mentioned Lands shall receive ih-rcby, wh ch Proportion shall be aiijufted and ascertained by the Commissioners for the said South District, or the said John Rennie, in like Mamer as the Tax' s and A(T--lTrnents of both the Districts to the said joint Works are herein directed to be atcer-tained and apportioned.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said r.an<js of Commissioners or Referee shall have ascertained and declared the Propor. P^opri.tort rion in which the said Districts shall be respectively charged to this Act, and Ihro'ai'uge the said joint Works of Drainage, the said John Trumper and John Burcham, >» hr aicer-and their Succellois, Commissioners of Drainage f r the said South Dif- Ume'1' trift, and the said Edward Hare and his SuccelDr, Commissioner of Drainage for the said North D drift, shall, and they and he are and is hereby respectively empowered and required, within their and his respective Dif-tri :is, to ascertain the edimated Annual improved Value of the said Lands and Grounds, and the Names of the Proprietors thereof, and to apportion and charge each Acre of such Lands so to be drained in each D drift with their respective Proportions of the said joint Expences, to be afeert ined by the said Commissioners or Referee in manner ah resaid, as also with the Costs and Charges of the Works of Drainage, to be exclusively borne and paid by each of the said Didrifts, and the Annual Tax or AflclTinenc here-jn-after authorized to be charged upon and paid in respect of the fame hands for the Support and Preservation of the said Drainage, according and in proportion to the improved Annual Value (if any) which the said Lands and Grounds shall respectively derive therefrom, and Particulars or Schedules thereof shall be taiily written or ingossed on Parchment, and enrolled with the Awards of the said Commissioners and Commissioner and the Determination of the said John Trumper and John Burcham and their Suc-celljrs, as Commissioners of the said South Diilrift, and of the said Edward

144-0

Greit Gowts Diain W«ir may he it-moved and Weirs made at Little G^v*t< and Batrja e Dra n$ with Content of Wit bam Drain* age Commis-iicners.

Proprietors r LHIees of fofiiike authorized to make Cut* or Drains.

44* GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

ward Hare and his Successor, as Commissioner of the said North Distri<S» shall lelpeftively be and be taken to be the Rule and Standard both as to the Quantity and Annual Value of the said Lands and Grounds, whereby all Taxes, Assessments, and Rates to be charged, raised, levied, and paid upon, for, or in respect of the Lards and Grounds so to be embanked and drained in each of the said Distrifls, except the said joint Works before provided for, as well for effecting such Embankment and Drainage, as for preserving and maintaining the fame, shall be respectively laid, taxed, charged, and proportioned.

LVII. And whereas the Waters of the said Distridh may be materially-impeded in their passage under the JVitbam, by rtafon of the Flood Waters of the said River falling over the Weir upon the Eastward Aperture of the Tunnel under the fame; and whereas such Flood Waters may with equal Advantage and Security to all Parties interested, be discharged over Weirs to be ertfted at the Entrances of the Little Gowts Drain and B*rgate Drain, on the East Side of the said River Witham; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners and Commissioner of the said TespectiveDiftricts, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Consent in Writing of the General Commissioners for Drainage by the said River JVitbam, and the Proprietors or LelFes of the said Fof-d ke Navigation, and under their Cor.troul and Direction, but not other-\vife, to flop and prevent the Passage of the Fiood Waters over the said Weir v and in lieu and Head of such Passage for the said Waters, rocause Two Weirs to be made at the Western Apertures of the said Little Gowts Drain and Bargate Drain of such Capacity as shall be necessary to utter the fame Quantity of Water as hath been heretofore discharged over the Weir at the Great Gowts Drain, in addition to the Quantity of Water heretofore discharged by the said Little Gowts Drain and Bargate Drain, and to scour our, cleanse, and deepen the said Little Gowts and Bargate Drains, lor the better Passage of the Flood Waters along the fame, in Inch and the like Manner as the Commissioners and Commissioner of the said respective Districts are herein empowered to scour out and cleanse the said Great Gowts Drain; and also under the like Direction and Concroul of the said General Commissioners for Drainage by the River JVitbam, and of the Proprietors or Lessees of the said Fofdtkt Navigation, to make any other Works at or near the Entrances of the said Little Gowts Drain, and Bar-gate Drain, as may be requifue or expedient for the Benefit and Advantage of the Parties draining the reby, or otherwise interested therein.

LV1IL And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or be construed to prevent the Proprietors or Lessees of the Fosdike Navigation, from making any Cut or Cuts through or under the Banks or Drains hereby authorized to be made, or supplying with Water the said Navigation, or any Rcfervoir or Reservoirs to be made in the Parish of Boultbam from the said Cacchwater Drain in the said South District or otherwise, but that the said Proprietors or Lessees may make such Cuts and Reservoirs, and supply the fame with Water in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; provided that in all such Cases, proper and sufficient Tunnels or Culverts shall be made for the Passage of the Waters of the said Drains, and effectual Care taken that no Injury shall be done to the Drainage of the Lands hereby intended to be drained.

1

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87. 1441

LIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Leases and fesofOptn

Agreements f>r L-ales at Rack Rent, now fuhlilTing on any Part or P.uts ""of.

of the said Open Lands in Skellingthorpe aforesaid, hereby directed to be resigns redivided and inclosed, or of any Interefi therein alone or together, with any o?fncwiid*r* other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall so far only as tefpc&s Lands, the said Open Lands, or any Inteuft therein, cease, determine, and be void, at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands dirttt or appoint; and t e said Comminioners are here* by authorized and required, if the Parties differ about the fame, upon the Reqoeft of either of them, to declare and determine what Part or Parts of the said Open Lands, so to be fct out and allot ed for the Proprietor or Proprietor granting any such Leases or Agreement', shall be enjoyed by such Lessee or Lcffees, in respect of his or their Interest in the said Lands so directed ro be ineloled and to specify the Lands, by Writing under their Hands, which it shall be lawful for such Lessee or LefTces respectively to hold and enjoy for the Residue then to come in such Lease or Leahs, in lieu and (lead of the said Open Lands, or any Interest therein originally comprized in any such Lease; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners upon the Application in Writing of either Party interested in any futh Lease, or in any Lease subsisting of any other of the said Lands intended to be embanked and drained, or upon any of the said inclosed Lands in Skellingthorpe aforesaid, intended to be exonerated from Tythes as aforesaid, to ascertain and determine what increased Rene shall be paid or allowed to the resptflive Lcffor or LefThn for such Lands, for and during the Continuance of the Term or Terms then to come in such respective Lease or Leases, in respret of the Benefit to be derived by reason of the improved Value of the said Lands intended to be embanked and drained, the Exoneration of all the said Lands in Skilingiborpe from the Payment of Tythes in Kind, and from the Inclosure of the Open Lands in the said Parish; and also to order and direct the Mode of Cultivation which all the said Lands, ex.ept the said inclosed Lands in Skellingthorpe, shall respectively be subject to, with respect to the sowing, liking, cropping, fallowing, continuing in Paftuie, or laying down the lame for the Residue of the Lease or Leases respectively subsisting thereon, and any Lessee or Lessees disobeying or neglecting any of the said Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners in the Premises, shall be subject and liable to the several Penalties and Forfeitures whit h shall be imposed by the said Com-ir issioners, and which areulual in Cases of the like Nature, and such Advance or Increafeof Rent, together with the Penalties and Forfeitures, to be incurred by disobeying or neglecting any of the Orders and Diieclions Of the said Commissioners, shall be paid to and recovered by the respective Lessoror Lefiurs, in the same Manner, and on the same Days and Times, a>and when the several reserved Rents, and other Penalties and Forfeitures in such itfptdfive Lease or Leases, are, shall, or may be recovered cr re-serv^d due and payable respectively, during the Residue of the Term or Terms of such respective Lease or Leases.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- Exch»nges millioners of Inclosure to fct our, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, miybe U1,dej or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said several Parishes, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the same Paddies, or within any adjoining Parish, Ham-[Lfr.y/Vr.] 16%. let,

*44*

CostiOfEx. chances and Partition- to be borne by the Parties.

Not to revoke Will* or Settl-ments, but Allotments to be of the fame Tenuie and

So to the fame fes a - the Elt.ttes in lieu of which they were marie or exchanged.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

let, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertainecb specified, and declared in the Award of the said Comm flioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall he lb exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietoror Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for L fe, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courttfv of England, or f <r Years determinable on any Li e on Lives, or with the Content t the.Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or o:her Uses, Husbancs,' Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any stich Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, 1,uniticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herlelf, such Consent to he testined in Writing, under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the H nds of the other consenting Part.es respectively; and all and every fui h Exchange or Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Interns and Purposes whatsoever: Provided ncvrrtheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenement-, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefi. e, without the Consent testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged, shall lie and be fitUute.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Expences attending every Exchange to be made by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the respective Parties making such Exchanges, distinct and apart from the other Expences attending the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Inclosure shall order and direct.

LXII. And be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained (Fall revoke, make void, alter, or annul, any Will or Settlement of or concerning any of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or prejudice any Person having any Claim orlnterest in, to, or out of the fame, but the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall, upon the Allotment and Exchange thereof respectively, become and be of the fame Tenure, and be held under the fame Rents and Services, and go and remain to the fame Persons for the fame Estates and Interests, and to the same Uses, upon the fame Trusts and to and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and be under and subject to the fame Powers, Provisions, Limitations, Conditions, Covenants, Agreements, Debts, Charges, Incumbrances, and Provisions of every Kind, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall be respectively allotted or exchanged, are of, or would be held or go along, (land, or be limited to or upon, or be subject to, if such Allotment or Exchange had not been made, or this Act had not passed, except as to such Lealcs and Agreements for Leases at Rack Rems or from Year to Year, as shall be determined by virtue of this Act, or where any of the Provisions of the said recited Act, or of (his Act shall be to the contra-y, and also except

*4-43

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

ccpt such Charges and Incumbrances as shall be made thereon by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power to bor-and for the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, Governors afore- row Mjne>-laid, and their Successors, and to and for the Husbands, Guardi ms. Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of or Persons acting as Guardians, Trudets.

Committees or Attornies for the said Owners and Proprietors of the said Low Lands so intended to be embanked and drained as aforesaidI, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable to act for themselves, and to and for every of them for the Time being, and to and for any of the said Owners or Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail or for Life only, and to and for every of them rel'pedively for the Time being, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners or Commissioner, in Writing under their or his Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, from Time to Time to charge the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands which are intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four Pounds an Acre, for defraying the Charges and Experces herein provided for in relation to the said Drainage, and for securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money, with Intered, to grant, mortgage, lease, ordemife, or otherwise subjtd the said Lands unto such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend such Sum and Sums of Money rel'pedively for any Term or Number of Years, lb as every such Grant, Mortgage, L.ease, or Demile, be made with a Proviso or Condition ro ccafe and be void, or with an txprefs Trull to be surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully pa'd and satisfied; and so as every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Dcmilr, do all’o contain a Proviso, that the Person or Persons entitled in Remainder or lleversion to any of such Land', shall not be liable, upon his, her, or their btcoming pofftfied thereof, to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interest, than for One Year preceding the Time that his, her, or tl eir Title to such P-. ffeUion shall have commenced.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Tenant Tenant, in or Tenants in Tail or for Life of any of the said Fens and Low Linds ir-tended tc> be drained by virtue of this Act, by any Deed or Deeds in M nev a<i-Wrifing, or by his, her, or their last Will and Testament duly (xecuted according to Law, to charge such Low Lands so to be embanked and drained as aforesaid, as shall not have been so mortgaged, with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be appointed by the Comm,dinners for putting this Act in Execution to be paid, and which by any Writing or Wiicings under the Hands of the said Commissioners shall be certified to have been accordingly paid by such respective Tenant or Tenants in Tail or for Life, or for his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the Cods, Charges, and Expences of the said Drainage; which Sum and Sums of Money fa to be charged as aforesaid, shall be payable within One Year next after the De-Cease of every such Tenant in Tail or for Life, with Interest for the fime afttr the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from his, her, or their respective Deccales, unro such Person or Persons as such Tenant or Tenants in Tail or for Life shall by such Deeds or Wills and Tedaments respectively direct or appoint, and in Default of such Direction

1444

A'l fa'Ii Cluf^es shall be VAiid.

Towers of

Commissioners to ceale Upon Eleciion ot Truitcea.

Commissioners may levy ail Taxes l.<id by them be-toie iticir Powers cease.

Works of

Drein.it e not to or iinder tht Juris'lic-tion of Commissioners of Sewers.

Money advanced by Pr< piietors to b repaid with Sntereit.

Comroifli n-ers to ake an Award.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

tion and Appointment, to his, her, or their respective Executor* or Ad-

ministrators.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or D mif-, and every such Charge as aforesaid to be made of or upon any of the said Low Lands, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Pu'p >fes hereby intended, notwithstanding the want of Title in the said Husband$, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Artornies, or Tmancsin Tailor for Life, and notwithstanding any Settlement, Will, Trull, Use, Remainder, Limitation, or other Incumbrance of or concerning the same Fens and Low Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof then in being or capable of taking Effect to the contrary.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That from and immediately after the Election of Trustees for the Purposes of continuing and preferring the said Works of Drainage as herein-after mentioned, the several Powers and Authorities granted to the said Commissioners and Commissioner shall cease and determine; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IXVII. Provided nevertheless, That the said Commissioners and Commissioner shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, at any Time or Times after such Elrdlion of Trustees, to levy, recover, and receive all such Rates, Taxes, Costs, Charges, and Sums of Money, as before the Time of such Election shall have been rated, taxed, or charged by them upon any of the said Lands or Grounds hereby intended to be embanked and drained, and which shall then be in arrear and unpaid , any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said intended Diainage, or any Works whatsoever to be made by virtue of this Act, shall not be subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order of any Commissioners of Sewers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Per*

fons interested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotied, and inclosed, or embanked and drained respectively, or any other Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, shall advance and pay any Money in discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining and exe-cut ng this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the lame.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the said Embankment and Drainage shall be completed, the said John Trumper and John Burcbam as Commissioners of Drainage for the said South District, or their Successors, and the said Edward Hare as Commissioner of Drainage for the said North District, or his Successor, shall resptflively form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, an Award or Instrumentin Writing, in relation to the Matters of Drainage and Embankment in their respective Dilbidts, which (lial) express the 1 Quantity

44-'’ GEORGII III. Cap.^7.

Quantity in Statute Measure of Acres, Roods, and Perches contained in each of the said Diitricfs so intended to be embanked and drained, and the Quantity and Contents of each Owner’s Property therein, and poper Orders and D reftions for and concerning the laying out, making, maintaining, cleansing, and keeping in Repair, the Ditches, Drains, Dams, Banks, Tunnels, Engines, and other necessary Work*, in, upon, ard over, or through the Lands so intended to be embanked and drained; and all such Orders, RegulationSj and Determinations as are in or by this Act mentioned, declared, required, or authorized to be made and elVabliffied, and such other Orders and Regulations, as shall be necessary or proper, conformable to the Tenor of this Act, for the more easy, convenient, and effectual Execution thereof, and for preventing all Difficulties and D fpures respecting the Matters herein contained, in relation to the said Embankment and D'ainage, which Awards or Ir.struments shall be fairly ingrossed or written upon Parchment, and signed and sealed by the Commissioners and Commissioner making the same, and fair Maps or Plans of all the Lands intended to be embanked and drained in each District, drawn upon Vellum, to be annexed to the fame, and the said Award or Ir.strument so directed to be made by the said Join Trumper and John Burcbam, as also such Award or Instrument as they are authorized to make concerning the said Inclosure, under the Authority of the said Act of the Forty-fi;ft Year of His present Majesty, shall within the Space of Six Calendar Months af er the signing and healing thereof, together with the Oaths of the fame Commissioners herein-before mentioned, be enrolled with the Town Clerk for the said City of Lincoln, or in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster j and that the Award or Instrument so directed to be made by the said Edward Hare, or his Successor, shall within the like Space of Time after thefigning and lealing thereof, together with the Oath of the fame Commissioner herein-before mentioned, be enrollfrd with the Clerk of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey in the said County of Lincoln, or in One of the said Courts of Record at Westminster, to the end Recourse may be had to the said Awards, by arty Person or Persons interested in the said Embankment, Dainage, and Inclosure; and the said Awards with the said Oaths, or a true Copy of the Inrolments thereof, or any Part thereof, respectively certified by the proper Officer, shall from Time to Time be admitted in all Courts whailoever as legal Evidence, which Copy or Copies the proper Officer for the Time being of the Court where such Inrolment shall be made, is hereby directed to make and deliver to any Person or Persons defirirg the fame, he, she, or they paying for such Copy after the Rate of Two-pence per Sheer, reckoning Seventy-two Words to each Sheet; and any Person or Persons shall have liberty to inspect and peruse the said Inrolment, paying for every such Inspection or Perusal One Shilling, and no more; and that all Orders, Directions, Regulations, and Determinations lb ta be made as aforesaid, shall be binding and conclusive unto and upon all Parties interested therein, and the said Original Award or Instrument for the said Inclosure and the Drainage of the said South DillritR, after the same shall be so enrolled as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the Records of the City of Lincoln, in the Guildhall of the said City*, anti the Aw.ird of the said Edward Hare, or his Successor, fur the Drainage of the f.ud North Distrct, shall be deposited in a Chelt within the [Lee. £3" Per.] 16R Church

*445

144-6

Appointment of Trustees.

Annual

Taxes.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.Sj.

Church of Burton aforesaid, for the Inspection of the Proprietors interested in the said Inclosure and Drainage to which they respectively relate.

LXXI. And, in order that the several Drains, Banks, Tunnels, and other Works necessary for preserving the said Lands intended to be drained "by virtue of this Act, may be maintained, fopported, and kept in Repair, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Commissioner for the said respective Districts, dial] in and by their several Awards herein directed to be made and executed in relation to the said Embankment and Drainage, order, direct, and appoint in what Manner and by whom, and for what Term of Years, One or more proper Person or Persons shall from Time to Time be nominated and appointed a Trustee or Trustees for preserving the Works of Drainage within the said respective Districts r and such Person or Persons as shall be from Time to Time appointed, pursuant to the Order and Direction of the said Commissioners and Commissioner, contained in their and his said Awards shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for putting in Execution the Powers and Authorities given to and vested in them respectively, in, over, and upon such of the said Lands intended to be embanked and drained, for and over which they shall be appointed to act as Trustees in Manner aforesaid, and thty and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered to make, support, erect, alter, and maintain, or cause to be made, erected, altered, appointed, and maintained, all such Cuts, Tunnels, and W'atercourses through and under any Banks whatsoever to be made upon or against the said Lands and Grounds by virtue of this present Act; and all such Cuts, Drains, Dams, Banks, Sluices, Tunnels, Bridges, Trays, Stamps, Engines, and other Works, in, upon, through, and over the said Low Lands, as the Trustees acting within md for the District wherein such Works of Drainage shall respectively be Situate, belong, or become requisite, shall think necessary for draining and

freserving the fame, but without Prejudice nevertheless to the Rights and nterefts of the Proprietors and Lessees of the said Fosdike Navigation, and of the said General Commissioners of Drainage by the said River IVitbam, to such and the like Extent as such Rights and Interests are htrein-before declared to be preserved and maintained; and that it shall be lawful for a Majority of the Trustees for the Time being for the said Lands firuate within the District in which the said Trustees shall be respectively appointed toad, to do and perform every Ad and Thing necessary to be done in pursuance of this Act, and to put in force and execute all and every the Powers and Authorities vested in the said Trustees, and the same shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if done, performed, or executed by all the said Trustees.

LXXII. And. for the better and more effectually maintaining, supporting, repairing, cleansing, and using the Engines, Drains, Dams, Banks, and other Works herein-before directed to be made for the Purpose of draining and preserving the said Low Lands -, be it further enacted, That it shall be-lawful for the said Trustees to be respectively appointed in and by the Award of the said Commissioners and Commissioner as herein is directed, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to meet on the Second Friday in July in every Year, at some convenient House within or near to the District for which such Trustees shall be respectively appointed to act

1447

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

(it all which Meetings their reasonable Expences only shall be allowed them) j and the said Trustees to be appointed for such Districts respectively shall then and there rate, tax, and afiefs all and every the Owner and Owners of, all and every the Lands and Grounds intended to be drained by virtue of this Act, lying and being within the District in which the said Trustees shall be empowered to ad respectively, by such Rate or Tax (to be proportioned as herein-before directed) as shall be necessary to pay and discharge the Expences of maintaining, supporting, and using the said Works for draining and preserving the said Lands, and the reasonable Expences only of the said Trustees at their said yearly Meetings, and the Salary or Salaries of such Officer or Officers as shall be by them appointed for coliedingor receiving such Rates or Taxes, and managing and taking Care of the said Works, and of other Matters relating to the said Drainage (which said Rates and Taxes the said Trustees are hereby authorized and required to apply accordingly) and to appoint under their Hands such certain Days and Places for the Payment of such Rates and Taxes Half, yearly to the Collectors or Receivers thereof, as they the said Trustees (h 11 respectively think proper.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons rated, taxed, or assessed as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money so rated, taxed, or assessed on him, her, or them respectively, within Twenty-one Days after the respective Times of Payment to be appointed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons authorized by virtue of a Warrant or Precept under the Hands of the said Trustees or Trustee (which Warrant or Precept such Trustees or Trustee are and is hereby empowered and required from Time to Time to grant, as Occasion shall require; to levy such Sum or Sums of Money so taxed or assessed, and all Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons (o neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chartels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking or making such Distress and Sale; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Trustees and Trustee from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds so to be drained respectively, belonging to or occupied by such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and the Rents and Profits thereof respectively to receive and take until thereby, or otherwise, such Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof !o from Time to Time dircifted to be paid by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and all Cods, Charges, and Expences occasioned by or attending fu, h Entry and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of such Premises shall be fully paid and satisfied; and the Tenant or Tenants of all and Angular such Lands and Grounds so to be rated, taxed, or assessed, is and are hereby required and authorizfd to pay such Sum and Sums so assessed and rated thereon, as the same shall become due, and it shall be lawful for such Tenant or Tenants to reimburse him, her, or themselves such Sum and Sums of Money out of the next Rent to become due to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords respectively, who shall allow the same to be deducted out of his, her, or their Rents accordingly.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Commissioner, Trustees and Trustee, if only One Trustee for either Dif-6 tridf.

Po»er todif-train for T axes.

Power to appoint Ofccen.

44° GEORGII lit. Cap. $7,

fu£l, and if more than One then a Majority of Trustees for each Distr at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this A <3, or at any other Time or Times by Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall have full Power and Authority to nominate and appoint One or more proper Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the respective Taxes and Rates to beaflefled and levied by virtue of this Act, and aCletk or Clerks, or such other necessary Officer or Officers astheylhall judge proper for the Management and keeping in Repair the said Drains, Banks, and other Works ot Drainage to be made by virtue of this Act, and to allow and appoint to be paid to such Officer or Officers out of such Rates and Taxes such yearly or other Salary or Wages, for their Trouble and Pains in executing such Offices as the said Commissioners and Commissioner, Trustees and Trullee rel'peClively shall think reasonable, which said Collector c r Collectors, Rectiver or Receivers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers, shall, before they act in the Execution of their respective Offices, give fuih Security for the due Execution thereof, as the said Commissioners or Commissioner, Trustees or Trustee respectively, or a Majority of f ch Trustees, shall require; and all such Collectors, Re* ctivers, Clerks, and other Officers, when thereto rcqu;red by the said Commissioners and Commissioner, Trustees and Trustee respectiveiv, shall give-unto furh Commissioners and Commissioner, Trustees and Trustee respectively, upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners or Trustees is hereby authorized to administerja true, exact, and perfect Account in W'rtting, under their respective Hands, with proper Vouchers, for all Monies which shall have been received and paid by them respectively by virtue of their said Offices to the Time of giving in such Account, and shall pay to the said Commissioners and Commissioner, Trustees and Trustee respectively, or such Person or Persons as they shall by Writing tinder their or his Hands or Hand authorize to receive the same, all such Monies as shall upon balancing the said Account be adjudged by the said Gommif* sioners and Commissioner, Trustees or Trustee respectively, to be due from such Officers, and deliver up the said Vouchers and all Books and Writings relating to the said Offices to the said Commissioners and Trustees respectively , and in case any such Collector, Receiver, Clerk, or other Officer; shall not give in and make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuleor neglect to deliver up such Books and Writings to the said Commissioners and Trustees respectively, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall order and direct to receive the same, then and in either of the said Cases it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Justice of Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Parts, or Division within which such Case shall so happen, to make Enquiry of such Default in a summary Way; and if such Officer or Officers fluill be thereof convicted, either by Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer) such Justice or Justices shall commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the said City, County, Part, or Division, to remain fer any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, or until he shall have made a perfect Account and P-yment as aforesaid, and deliver up all such Books and Writings in his Custody, or shall have compounded and agreed with the said Commissioners and Trustees respectively, which Composition and Agreement the said Commissioners and Trustees ate hereby respectively empowered to make.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87. 144.3

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons. fw Other than such as are authorized by virtue of this Act, shall at any Tinr1 ctoug'u, or or Times draw or open any of the Cloughs, Sluices, or Doors which shall be made under the Authority of this Act, upon or in any of the said Rivers lhe"at r> or Drains, or shall wilfully and maliciously let off the Water of the Paid Rivers or Drains, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence, on being thereof convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace efting for the said City of Lincoln and County thereof, or for the Divisions of Lindsey or Kesteven in the said County of Lincoln, forfeit and pay any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds or less than Forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of fuel) Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of tire Justice before whom such Conviction shall be had; which Sum so forfeited, shall be employed in and towards carrying on the Works to be done and executed under and in pur-fuacce of t! is Act; and for want of fufneient Distress, such Offender shall by the said Justice be committed to the House of Correction for the said City, or the said Parts where such Conviction shall take place, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless he shall sooner pay the said Penalty and Cods of Conviction.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Per- Persons dj-fons whomsoever who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully and w"rk"Sgiiilty maliciuufiy cur, break down, or destroy or damage any Bank, Tunnel, of Felony. Sluice, or any other of the Works which shall be erected and made for the draining and embanking the said Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands intended to be embanked and drained, or any Part thereof, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall he subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cales of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons (h ill be tried, shall and hereby have Power ami Authority to punish such Felons in like Manner as other Felons areducfttd to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

L.XXVII. And be it further enacted, That Once at leaf! in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners of Inclosure shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any Two or more of H'.s Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey or Kesteven, in the said County of Lincoln, to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think Ap ai to themselves aggrieved by any Thing which shall be done in pursuance of this Act or of the said recited Act (except in such Cases where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners or Commissioner, Trustees or \_Lcc. Id Pfrf\ 16 d1 Trustee

C nv.i ifllon-ers to lay their Accounts before Two Justices Once ill ever; Year.

1450

Limitation

A&iuiis.

fteneral

Saving.

44° GEORGII III. Cap.Kj.

Trustee are herein declared to be final, binding, and conclusive) may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at some General Quarter Sessionsto be held within Four Calendar Months next ascer the cause of furh Complaint final I have arisen for the City, County, Parts, or Division within which the Cause of Co mplaint shall arise, the Persons or Pcjfon to appealing fi ft giving Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing to the Party or Parties, appealed agamfl, and entering into a R cognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, to prosecute such Appeal with F.ffeft, and to pay the Costs which shall be awarded by such Justices to be paid by such Appellants resprftvely; and the Justices in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby authoriz'd and required to hear and determine Inch Appeal, and to give such Costs to either Paitv as they shall think reasonable, and to make such Order therein as to them shall appear just; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removable by any Writ of Certiorari, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given, every such Action, Suit, or Information shall be commenced or made within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County of Lincoln and not elsewherej and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, shall and may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty; and if in Replevin, may justify and avow by virtue of this Act, as Persons acting by Authority of Commissioners of Sewers are enabled to do, and give this Act and ihe Special Matters in Evidence without specially pleading the same, otherwise than as aforesaid, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Fast alledged to have been done was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been l'o done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowmts, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue his, her, or their Suit or Suits, or if Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then and in any of the said Cases the Defendant or Defendants, Avowant or Avowants, shall recover Treble Costs; for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded.

LXXX. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for a d in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, dcltroyed, and exltinguithed, and all Persons respectively claiming pnder them, or in Remainder after them) all such Right, Tide, and Interest, as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, in, to, or out of the Lends and Grounds hereby 7 directed

*45*

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 87.

directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed, in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Pe:-fons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahaw, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

‘fcvt'o v t>n* l)*o! u

WllOJ ij

u' n ;.ii ,*nij.'pi 4

9ll) Li:

tea-:' - i'up

>im ni 'iiu^oho

v*rr\H

irt? 7 V'wiBo *ih gtiifiritoua toI ft A nA fjfc* Jo L ' ' sHj 1c g.ibd amtT

.' trmrZ uq oi tu

vVv ' <— ’ A?q-.;: biti ad? nr sagch

». 1 n.'r^iHTT r

V.-. ’ v/4\. ': U i ns \9\^ f

' C fli. o?Jl T T

;.' .'l u / tmO UiK 31 I 10 i,; '. yjij *«w k ,!>..;i 1 ' ✓ !*- >i:; 3ti<\w > . > b 1890 'v 1

>t i*J ,-»v:'-fc'A V. si Lu ' ?»!». x<i itiMttt

J hjib 'ud it

- > 5 S; I, ssfsr.i arj iJi

?*H :. >- . dxvl* , A*4*

'.* i*'. 5-' .-.. Uf v, yj

a »,... - - - £.1: - . Ls.A

- U - .; 0 .-

A*- - - i;: t

- _ - hut «v

-:....../> s ..qkfj I \

' k: .

a lv.

tv. - j

ANNO QUADRAGES1MO QUARTO

i t

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 88.

An Act for enabling the officiating Minister for the Time being Of the Chapel of Voylas, in the County of Denbigh, to publish Banns and solemniZe Marriages in the said Chapel.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS the Chapel of Voylas, in the Village of Pentte Voylas, in the District of Tit Abbot, otherwise Hiraethcy, in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh, and Diocese of Saint Asaph, was erected in or about the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, near a Place where an ancient Chapel stood, and was consecrated by the then Lord Bishop of Bangor, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and is the Place of publick Worship for the Inhabitants of the said District of Tir Abbot, otherwise Hirae-thog, which is about Five Miles and an Half in L-ngch, and about Four Miles in Breadth, and contains nearly Four hundred Inhabit, ants: And whereas the said Village of Voylas is fituaied in a moun. tainous Country, at the Distance of Eighteen Miles, or thereabouts, from the Town and Parish Church of Llanufydd, by the usual regular Horse Road, and about Fifteen Miles by passing directly over the Mountains, and has very little Communication with che said Town; and the said Chapel of Voylas is served by a perpetual Curate or Chaplain, nominated by the Lord of the Manor of Hiraethog aforesaid, and licenstrd by the Lord Bishop of Saint Asaph for the Time being, and residing at [Loc, &f Per.] 16 T Voylas

145

/».f:er March *5, 1S05. Rmns of Mu naze may htf publ.flitd in th' Chapel pi y<j)Iust ize.

publick Act.

44." GEORGII III. Cap. 88.

Vcylas aforesaid \ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, Ky and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common', in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, it shall and may be lawful to and for the officiating Minister for the Time being of the said Chapel of Vcylas, to poblish Banns of Mitrimonv in the said Chapel between Persons rest ling, r.r One of them residing, in the said District of Hr Abbot, other, wife Hiractbog, and to solemnize Marriages in the said Chapel according to the Form of Solemnization of Matrimony contained in the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England and Ireland, and no otherwise, between Persons residing, or One of them residing, in the Lid District, either in pursuance of such Banns, or by Licence granted by any Person having lawful Authority to grant Licence of Marriage in the Diocese of Saint Asaph, and that a Register shall continue to be kept in the said Chapel, for the Purpose of registering such Marriages, according to the Form by Law required; and that all Marriages, so solemnized in the said Chapel, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and duly registered, shall be'as good and valid in Law as if such Marriages had been solemnized in a Parish Church or Parochial Chapel wherein Banns had been usually published before or at the Time of passing an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages; and that such Register, or a Copy thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages, in the same Manner as Registers of Marriages solemnized in Churches and publick Chapels, in which Banns were usually published before the passing of the said A6J of the Twenty-hxth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, or Copies thereof, are received in Evidence.

T , f ' . ! . . a t

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without spe-

hONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahaij, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO QUARTO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

‘ .... XI i * r*

1

Cap. 89.

I(. An Act for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings

s in the City of London.

[28th July 1804.}

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Settlement of the Maintenance of the Parsons, Vicars, and Curates, in the Parishes of the City of fi London, burnt by the late dreadful Fire there, after reciting, that the Tythea

in the City of London were levied and paid with great Inequality, and were, since the late dreadful F.re there, in the rebuilding of the fame, by taking away of fotne Houses, altering the Foundations of many, and the new erecting of others, so disordered, that, in case they should not for the Time to come be reduced to a Certainty, many Controversies and Suits at Law might thence arise; it was enacted, That the Annual certain Tythes of all and every Parish and Parishes within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, whose Churches had been demolished or in part consumed by the late Fire, and which said Parishes, by virtue of an Act of that Parliament, intituled, An additional Act for rebuilding of the City of London, uniting of Parishes, and rebuilding of the Cathedral and Parochial Churches within the said City, remained and continued Angle as theretofore they were, or were by the said Act annexed or united into one Parish respectively, should be as followeth, (that is to lay) The Annual certain Tythes or Sum of Money in lieu of Tythes,

[Loc. Per.'} 16 U

u & sj C.

Of

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

Of the Parish of Alhallows Lombard Street, One hundred and Ten Pounds;

Of Saint Bartholomew Exchange. One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Bridget alias Brides, One hundred and twenty Pounds r Of Saint Bennet Link, One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Croaked Latte, One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Chrjlopher, One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Dionis Back Church, One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Dunstan in the Ectjl, Two hundred Pound-;

Of Saint James Garhck Hythe, One hundred Pounds;

Of S tint Mr had Ccrnhill, One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Bajjijhaw, One hundred and thirty-two Pounds Eleven Shillings;

Of Saint Margaret Lothbury, One hundred Pounds j Of Saint Mary Alderman bury, One hundred and fifty Pounds $.

Of Stint Martin Ludgate, One hundred and sixty Pounds;

Of Saint Peter Cornhill, One hundred and ten Pounds;

Of Saint Stephen Coleman Street, One hundred and ten Pounds;

Of Saint Sepulchre, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Alhallows Bread Street, and Saint John Evange/ijl, One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Alhallows tie Great and Alhallows the Less, Two hundred Pounds; Of Saint Albans Wood Street and Saint Olaves Silver Street, One hundred and seventy Pounds;

Of Saint Anne and Agnes and Saint John Zachary, One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Saint Augujlin and Saint Fai(h, One hundred and seventy-two Pounds; Of Saint Andrew Wardrobe and Saint Asm Blackfriars, One huncred and forty Pounds; V,

Of Saint Anlholin and Saint John Baptisi, One hundred and twenty Pounds ij

' Of Saint Bennet Gracechurch and Scant Leonard Eastcheap, One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Saint Bennet Paid's Wharf and Saint Peter PauBs Wharf, One hundred Pound^;,

Of Chrifi Church, and Saint LconardFosler Lane, Two hundredv Pounds; Of Saint Edmond the King and Saint Nicholas Aeons, One hundred and eighty Pounds;

Of Saint George Betclpb Lane and Saint Potolph BilUngfgale, One hundred and eighty Pounds;

Of Saint Lawrence Jury and Saint Magdalen Milk Street, One hundred and twenty pounds;

Of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New Tish Street, One hundred and seventy Pound;'; , '

Of Saint fylicbael Royalwd Saint Afarlin Vvitry, One hundred and forty Pounds;' j '

Of Sftint Afayhcw Friday Street and Saint Peter Cheap, One hundred and fifty Pounds; V.

Of Saint Alargaret Pattons' atiiS.’Saint' GdPriel Fenchurch, One Hundred and twentygPoupds j , u.

Of Saint Mary at fill and faint Andrew Hubbard, Two hundred Pounds; Of Saint Mary Woolnnh and Saint Mary WooUhurch, One hundred and sixty Pounds 5

' Of

T4o9

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

Of Saint Clement Eastcbeep and Saint Martin Organ, One hundred and forty lVunds;

Of Saint Mary Abchurch and Saint Lawrence Pountney, One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Alder m ary and Saint 7botnas Apojile, One hundred and fifty Pounds;

Of Saint Mary he Bow, Saint Pancras Soper Lane, and Alhdlovjs Honty Lane, T»o hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mildred Poultry and Saint Mary Cole Church, One-hundred and seventy Pounds,

Of Saint Michael H'ood Street and Saint Mary Staining, One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mildred Bread Street and Saint Margaret Moses, One hundred and thirty Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Qneenbythe and Trinity One hundred and sixty Pounds;

Of Saint Magdalen Old Pip Street and Saint Gregory, One hum red and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Somerset and Saint Mary Mountbaw, One hundred and ten Pounds;

Of Saint Nicholas Colealby and Saint Nicholas Olaves, One hundred and thirty Pounds;

Of Saint Olave Jewry and Saint Martin, Ironmonger Lane, One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Stephen IValbrcok and Saint Bennet Sbterhcg, One hundred

Pounos;

Of Saint Swytbin and Saint Mary Bothaw, One hundred and forty Pounds

Or Saint Vedast alias Forfters and Saint Michael Quern, One hundred

and sixty Pounds:

Which respt-dive Sums of Money to be paid in lieu of Tythes within the said respective Parishes, and afiefled as therein-after is directed, should be and continue to be esteemed, deemed, and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be the respective certain Annual Maintenance (over and above Glebes and Perquisites, Gifts and Bequeststo the respective Parson, Vicar, and Curate of any Parish for the Time being, or to his or their respective Successors, or to other Persons for his or their Use) of the said respective Parsons, Vicars, and Curates, who should be legally infliiuted, inducted, and admitted, into the respective Parishes aforesaid: And that the said several Sums of Money for Tythes might be more equally assessed upon the several Ploufes, Buildings, and all other Hereditaments whatsoever within all the said respective Parishes, it was enacted, That the A derman of such respective Ward or Wards within the said Ciry wherein any of the said Parishes respectively lay, and his, or their Deputy tr Deputies, and the Common Councilmeri of such respective Ward or Wards, with the Churchwardens and One or more of the Parishioners of such respective Parish wherein the Maintenance aforesaid was respectively to be afftlTed, to be nominated by such respective Alderman, Deputy, Common Councils men, and Churchwardens, or any Five of them, whereof the Alderman or his Deputy to be one, should in the Manner therein directed, assemble and meet together; and that they, or the major Part of them so assembled, should proportionably assess upon all Houses, Shops, Warehouses and Cellars, Wharfs, Keys, Cranes, Waterhouses, (which Waterhouses should pay in their respective Parishes where they stood, and not elsewhere) and

Tofts-

i.+Co 44.0 GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

Tofts of Ground (remaining unbuilt) and all other Hereditaments whatsoever (excepc Parsonage and Vicarage Houses) the whole respective Sum by that Act appointed, or so much of it as was more than what each Impropriator was by that Act enjoined respectively to allow, in the mod equal way that the said Assessors, according to the belt of their Judgements, could make it; and such Regulations were made for effecting the Purposes of the said Act as therein are mentioned: And it was amongst other Things further enacted, That for the surer and better Payment of the said respective Sums of Money so to be assessed and taxed towards the railing of the said Maintenance of the respective Parsons, Vicars, and Curates of the said respective Parishes as aforesaid, all and every such respective Sum and Sums of Money so to be assessed and taxed as aforesaid towards the railing of the said Maintenance of the said respective Parsons, Vicars, and Curates of the said respective Parishes, should be paid to the said respective Parsons, Vicars, and Curates, and their Successors respectively, at the Four usual Feasts, (that is to say), at the Annunciation of the Blefied Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Nativity of our Blefied Saviour, or within Fourteen Days after each of the said Feasts, by equal Payments: And in any Parish or Parishes where any Impropriations were, it was enacted, That all and every the Impropriator or Impropriators of any of the said Parishes, should pay and allow what really and horn fide they had used and ought to pay and fctisfy to the respective Incumbent of such respective Parish, at any Time before the said late Fire, and that the fame should be esteemed and computed as Part of the Maintenance of such Incumbent, notwithstanding that Act or any Clause or Matter or Thing therein contained: And whereas, since the passing of the said recited Act the Rectory of the aforesaid Parish of Saint Christopher hath, by an Act passed in the Twenty fnft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, been united to the Rectory of the aforesaid Parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, and there is now but one Incumbent of the said united Rectories: And whereas the said recited Act hath failed in providing a proper Maintenance for the Parsons, Vicars, and Curates in the said Parishes, inasmuch as the respective Incomes being by the said Act fixed at very low Rates, the same are, by the decreased Value of Money, the enhanced Price of all the Necessaries of Life, and by various other Circumstances peculiarly attached to the Incumbents of the City of London, become greatly inefficient for the due Support of their Situation and Character; it hath been therefore deemed expedient for their Relief to make such Alterations in the said in part recited Act as are herein-after expressiled and contained; be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and For increasing by the Authority of the same, That instead of the Annual Tythes of all the Annual and every Parish and Parishes within the City of London and the Liberties ?an«K*°with! hereof, whole Churches were demolished or in Part consumed by the Fire in the city of mentioned in the said recited Act, the Annual certain Tythes or Sums of Linden, Money in lieu of Tythes, of and for the Parish and Parishes within the said City and Liberties herein-after enumerated, shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, be as follows; (that is to say),

Of the Parish of Alhallows Lombard Street, Two hundred Pounds \

Of Saint Bartholomew Exchange, Two hundred Pounds i Of Saint Bridget alias Brides, Two hundred Pounds,

Of

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

Of Saint Bennet Fink, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Crooked Lane, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Dionts Back Church, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Dunstan in the Eqfi, Three hiindied and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Of Saint James G.irlick Hythe, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Cornhill, Two hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-'penre;

Of Saint Michael Bajfjhaw, Two hundred and twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four-pence;

‘ Of Saint Mary Aid rmanbury. Two hundred and fifty Pounds;

Of Saint Martin Ludgate, Two hundred and sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Fodr-pence;

Of Saint Peter Cornhill, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Stephen Coleman Street, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Sepul.hre, Three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence j

Of /Jballoits Bread Street and Saint John Evangelist, Two hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Of Alhallows the Great and Alba Sows the Lefs, Three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence; '

Of Saint Albans WoodStreet and Saint Olaves Silver Street, Two hundred and eighty-three Pounds Six Shill ngs'and Eight-pence;

Of Saint Anne and Agnes, and Saint John Zachary, Two hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Ot Saint Augttjlin and Saint Faith, Two hundred and eighty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Fodr-pence;

Of Saint Andrew Wardrobe and Saint Anne Blackfriars, Two hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Ot Saint Anthcltn and Saint John Baptist, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Bennet Grace Church and Saint Leonard Raft Cheap, Two hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Of Saint Bennet PaaTs Wharf, and Saint Peter Paul's Wharf, Two hundred Pounds;

Ot Christ Church and Saint Leonard Fofter Lane, Three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Ot Saint Edmond the King and Saint Nicholas Aeons, Three hundred Pounds;

Ot Saint Georgs Botolph Lane and Saint Bctolph Billingsgate, Three hundred Pounds f ’

Of Saint Lawrence Jury and Saint Magdalen Milk Street, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Margaret Lothbury and Saint Ckrijlopher, Three hundred and sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and FoOr-pence;

Of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New Fish Street, Two hundred and eighty-*three Ptunds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Of Saint Michael Royal, and Saint Martin Vinlry, Two hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Of Saint Matthew Friday Street and Saint Peter Cheap, Two hundred and fifty Pounds;

Of Saint Margaret Fattens and Saint Gabriel Fen Church, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mary at FLII and Saint Andrew Hubbard, Three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

17 {Lot. & Per.] 16 X Of

I461

M&2

Declaring the said S ims f Mon y to he the Annual M unren wee of the Clergy of the City.

P-Hirer to make AflVfimentf, and orner Buildings.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

Of Saint Mary Woolnoth and Saint Mary Wooleburch, Two bundled and sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence;

O, Saint Clement EaJLbeap and Saint Martin Organ, Two hundred and thiitv-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Of Saint Mary Abchurch and Saint Lawrence Pountney, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Aldermary and Saint Thomas Apojlles, Two hundred and fifty Pounds; . '

Of Saint Mary le Bow, Saint Pancras Soper Lane, and Alhallows Honey Lane, Three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-

pence;

Of Saint Mildred Poultry and Saint Mary Colechurch, Two hundred and eighty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence j

Of Saint Michael Wood Street and Saint Mary Staining, Two hundred Pounds; ,

Of Saint Mildred Bread Street and Saint Margaret Moses, Two hundred and sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence;

Of Saint Miclael Queenbithe and Trinity, Two hundred and sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence;

Of Saint Magdalen Old Fish Street and Saint Gregory, Two hundred Pounds; , ,

Of Saint Mary SomerfJ and Saint Mary Mountbaw, Two hundred Pounos;

Of Saint Nicholas Coleabby and Saint Nicholas Olaves, Two hundred and sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence;

Of Saint Olave Jewry and Saint Martin Ironmonger Lane, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Stephen Walbrook and Saint Bennet Sbterbog, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Swithin and Saint Mary Botbaw, Two hundred and thirty-three

Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Of Saint Vedast alias Fcfttrs and Saint Michael ^turn, Two hundred and sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Sums of Money to be paid in lieu of Tythes within the said respective Parishes, shall be and continue to be esteemed, deemed, and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be the respective certain Annual Maintenance (over and above Glebes and Perquisites, Gifts and Bequests, to the respective Par'cn, Vicar, and Curate of any Parish for the Time being, or to his or their respective Successors, or to ether Persons for h’s or their Use) of the said respective Par-fons, Vicars, and Curates, legally instituted, indudted, and admitted into the respective Parishes aforesaid.

III. And, in order that the said several Sums of Money in lieu of Tythes may b< more equally assessed upon the several Houses, Buildings, andall other Hereditaments whatsoever, within all the said Parishes, be it further enacted, That the Alderman or Aldermen of such respective Ward or Wards, within the said C ty, wherein any of the said Parishes respectively lie, andhisor their Deputy or Deputies, and the Common Councilmen of such respective Ward or Wards, wi’h the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, if there should be only One, and any One or more of the Parishioners of the respectiveParish wherein the Maintenance aforesaid is respectively to be alTifled, to be nominated

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89. 1463

nated by such Alderman or Aldermen, Deputy or Deputies, Common Councilmen and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or any Five or more of them, whereof the Alderman or Aldermen, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, to be One or Two, shall at some convenient and seasonable Time before the Thirty-first Day of July next after the passing of this Act, assemble and meet together in some convenient Place, within every of the respective Parishes, wherein the Maintenance aforesaid is to beafleffed, and the said Alderman or Aldermen, Deputy or Deputies, Common Council-men, and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and Parishioner or Pa-nfhioners, to be nominated as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled, shall proporionably assess upon all Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and Cellars, Wharfs, Keys, Cranes, Waterhouses (which Waterhouses shall pay in the respective Parishes where they Hand, and not elsewhere), and Tofts of Ground remaining unbuilt, and all other Hereditaments whatsoever, (except Parsonage and Vicarage Houses), the Whole respectiveSum by this Act appointed, or so much of it as shall exceed what each Impropriator is herein-after by this Act enjoined respectively to allow in the most equal Way that the said Assessors according to the bell of their Judgement can make it; which said Assessments shall be made and finished before the Twenty-first Day of August then next ensuing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Doubt or Variance shall Lo, Pd M? th* happen to aril'e about any Sum so assessed as aforesaid, or if any Parishioner and Coult of or Parishioners, or Owner or Owners of any House or other Heredita- Aldermen ments hereby directed to be assessed within any of the said Parishes, shall /§riffments. find himself, herfelt, or themselves aggrieved by the assessing of any Sum or Sums of Money, in Manner and Form aforesaid, then upon Complaint made by the Party or Parties aggrieved, to the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said City, within Fourteen Days afer Notice given to the Party or Parties of such Assessment made, the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen furrmoning as well the Party or Parties aggrieved, as the Alderman or Aldermen, or Deputy or Deputies, Common Councilmen, Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and such others as shall make the said AffdTment, cr the Survivors of them, shall hear and determine the fame, in a summary Way, and the Judgement by them given shall be final and without Appeal; and if no such Parishioner or Parishioners shall be nominated in the Manner and for the Purpose aforesaid, or being so nominated, if the said Alderman or Aldermen, Deputy or Deputies, Common Councilmen, Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and Parishioner or Parishioners so appointed,-shall, after Summons and Request made in that Behalf unto them by the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, or the Incumbent or Incumbents of any of the said respective Parishes, refuse or neglect to meet and make such Assessments as aforesaid, then and in either of such Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said City, and they are hereby required, on Application of the Incumbent or Incumbents of the said respective Parishes. to authorize and appoint any other Person or Persons to make such Assessment or AffcfTmems for the Purposes aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if in all or any of the aforesaid Pari Ihes it shall appear necessary to the Parishioners specially convened by the Churchwardens or Churchwarden for the Purpose, and assembled in Vcltry, at the End of Seven Years from the Time of passing this Act,

and

Asseflmfiita may or altered every Seven Years.

1464

four Transcripts to be mace, and directed where to be deposited.

Fixing the Time for Pay in ntof Sums alTtUcd.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

and so from Time to Time at the Expiration of every Seven Years, afterwards to review and alter the respective Assessments to be made'in pursuanre of this Act, and to make in all or any of the said Parishes, a new Assessment and Rate, or Assessments and Rates, in lieu of the then preceding AflVfiments for the Purpose of raising the Sum and Sums of Money by this Act directed to be raised and paid as aforesaid, then that the Alderman or Aldermen of the rel’peftive Ward or Wards within the said City, w-herein such Parish or Parishes shall respectively lie, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and the Common Councilmen of such ref(>e£fve Wurd or Wards, with the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and One or more of the Parishioners of the respective Parish wherein such AllcfimenC shall appear necessary (which Parishioner onParishioners shall be nominated ts beioie directed) shall in like Manner as herein-ntfore is mentioned, aflVmble and meet together within Fourteen Days after such Nomination, and they or the major Part of them so assembled shall then and there pro-poi tionably afTrfs and rate upon the respective Houses and other Hereditaments hereby directed to be allelled, the respective Sums by this Act directed to be raised and paid as herein-before is mentioned, and that every such new Afllflrnenr and Rate shall be liable to the like Appeals as aforesaid, and shall be colltfted, levied, and paid in like Manner as the first Assessment or Rate mentioned in this Act may or ought to be collected, levied, and paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors within Fourteen Days after any Assessment shall have been made, and the respfeftive Appeals (if any be) determined, shall make Four Transcripta thereof in Writing, containing the respective Sums to be payable or appointed to be paid out of all and every the Premises aflefiable within such respective Parish, and subscribe the fame with their respective Names, and that within Twenty Days alter such Subscription as aforesaid. One of the said-Tran-feripts shall be sent to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, and de« posited in the Town Clerk’s Office of the said City, and there kept and preserved among the Records of the said City, for a perpetual Memorial thereof; another of the said Transcripcs shall be deposited in the Registry of the Confifbry Court of the Lord Bishop of London, to be kept and preserved as aforesaid; another of the said Transcripts shall remain and be kept in the Vestry of such respective Parish, for a perpetual Memorial as before mentioned; and the remaining Transcript shall be delivered within Three Days after such Subscription to the Incumbent of such respective Parish, and the said Assessments shall continue in force and be acted upon until any new Assessment shall be made in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And, for the further and better Payment of the said respective Sums of Money so to be assessed or taxed, towards raising the Maintenance of the said respective Parsons, Vicars, and Curates of the said respective Parishes as aforesaid; be it further enacted, That all and every such respective Sum and Sums of Money so to be assessed and taxed as aforesaid, towards the raising of the said Maintenance, shall be payable to the said respective Parsons, Vicars, and Curates of the said respective Parishes, and their Successors respectively, or their Agents, Receivers, or Collectors, on the following Days in every Year, that is to lay, the Twenty-fifth Day of December, the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, and the Twenty-ninth Day of September, or within Thirty Days

afeer

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

aftfr each of the said Days, by equal Payments free and clear of all Manner of Taxes, Assessments, and Deductions whatsoever, affecting the said respective Sums of Money.

VIII. And whereas in certain of the Parishes herein-before named there are Impropriations; and the Impropriator j were, as herein-before is mentioned by the said recited Act, directed to pay and allow what really and bondfide they had used and ought to have paid and satisfied to the respective Incumbents of the said Parishes before the said Fire, which said Payments were to be esteemed and computed as Part of the Maintenance of such Incumbents; be it therefore further enacted, That in the Parishes of Saint Bridget otherwise Saint Bride's, Saint Bennet Finck, Saint Mary Aldermanbury, Saint Stephen Coleman Street, Alhallows the Left, Christ Church, Saint Lawrence Jewry, Saint Lawrence Pountney, and Saint Mary Cole Church, the Impropriators shall continue to allow and pay to the respective Incumbents of the fame Parishes what they have been accustomed to allow and pay before and since the passing of the said recited Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, which laid Sums shall be paid to the Incumbents of the fame respective Parishes, in Part of the respective Sums herein-before appointed to be the certain Annual Maintenance of the fame respective Incumbents.

IX. And whereas Two-third Parts of the Impropriate Tythes of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre are veiled in Trustees, in Trull for the Parishioners of that Parish; and the Vicar of the said Parish is endowed with the remaining Third Parc of the said Impropriate Tythes , be it therefore further enacted, That the said Vicar shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September Out thousand eight hundred and four, receive the full Sum directed by this Act to be paid him for his Maintenance, in lieu of the Third Part of the said Impropriate Tythes to which by virtue of his Endowment he is entitled, from the several Inhabitants, of or from or out of, or for, or in respect of the several Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments situated within that Part of the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre which lies within the Liberties of the City of London, but exclusive of and over and above the Third Part of the Tythes to which he is entitled, from the Inhabitants, of or from or out of, or for or in respect of the several Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments situate within that Part of the said Parish which lies within the County of Middlesex , and that. From and after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, the said Third Part of the said Impropriate Tythes, due from the Inhabitants of or from, or out of or in respect of the several Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments situate within that Part of the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre which lies within the said Liberties of the City of London, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

X. And whereas in several of the aforesaid Parishes divers Houses and Other Buildings have been taken down, for the Improvement of the City of London, by Order of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said City, or have been taken down or altered by other Corporate Bod es or publitk Companies or Persons, for other Purposes; and as a Compensation in respect thereof, certain Yearly Sums have been regularly paid by the Chamber of the said City, or by such Corporate Bodies or publick Companies, or Persons, to the Incumbents of the Parishes

ILoc. & Per.] 16 T wherein

I465

Impropriator* to continue to nay what they have been accustomed to pay.

Directing the Vicar of Saint Sepulchre's to receive the fuliSumdirec* ted by this Act, instead of the One-third Part of the Impropriate Tythes he is entitled to.

For continu* ing certain Compensations out of the City Chamber, in lieu of Houses taken down, etc.

14*6

Directing how the Money shall be recovered in case of Rt-fttfal of Payment.

Provisothat if the Sums assessed shall be paid in Manner after mentioned, th y shall not be i ai ed as before direc-

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

wherein the Houses And Buildings so taken down were respectively situate, which Yearly Sums are equal to the Yearly Sums paid under the before recited Act, to the said Incumbents, in respect of the said HouQrs and other Buildings so taken down , and it may happen that other Houses and Buildings may be heteafter taken down or altered for similar Purposes; be it therefore further enacted, That the several Yearly Sums of Money, which such Incumbents respectively have been accustomed, or are or may be entitled to receive from the Chamber of London, or from arty other Corporate Body or Bodies, Company or Companies, or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, in respect of the said Houses and other Buildings lo taken down, shall respectively be and continue to be paid and payable to the said Incumbents respectively, and their respective Successors, in Aid and as Part of the several Sums herein-before authorized to be raised by Assessments, for the Benefit of the said Incumbents respectively, but so nevrr-theless as not to exonerate any Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse, efr other Building, in the Occupation of any private Person or Persons, from the Payment of the Sum or Sums for Tytrres or in lieu of Tythes to be a fie 0c d by virtue of this Act j but that the said Sum or Sums so to be assessed and paid for or in respect of any such Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Building, shall be received and taken by the Incumbent of any Parish in which the same shall be situate, in part of the Sum or Sums by this Act authorized to be raifcdfor the Benefit of such respective Incumbent.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Inhabitants in any of the respective Parishes aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay to the respective Incumbents of any of the said respective Parishes, any Sum or Sums of Money to him or them respectively payable, or appointed to be paid by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, (being lawfully demanded by the said respective Incumbents, or their Agents or Receivers, or Collectors, either in Person or by Writing left at the House or Houses, Wharf, Quay, Crane, Cellar, or other Premises out of which the famd is payable) that then it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor or any other Magistrate of the City of London for the Time being, upon Oath to be made before him of such Retufal or Neglect, to give and grant Warrants for the Officer or Person appointed to collect the lame, with the Afiiltance of a Constable, in the Day-time, to levy the same Sums of Money so due and in Arrear and unpaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so refilling or neglecting to pay, or the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, of the Tenements or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Arrears shall be due or owing, restoring to the Owner or Owners the Overplus of such Goods, or the Overplus of the Monies produced by such Sale, over and above the said Arrears Of the said Monies Jo due and unpaid, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distrtfs, which he is to dedud out of the Monies raised by Sale of such Goods.

XII. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That notwithstanding any Thing herein-before contained, in case, and when and lo often as all or any of the respective Annual Maintenances or Sums by this Act appointed to be raised and paid, or so much of rhem respectively, or of any of them, as shall exceed what the respidive Impropriators before mentioned are by this Act enjoined respect

1467

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

lively to allow, shall respectively be assessed and raisef, by the Ways and Means and in the Manner herein-after authorized and directed, and paid to the said respective Incumbent', or their respective Ager.fi or Collecturs, or Receivers, within Thirty Days next after the several Quarterly Days herein* before appointed for the Payment cneieof, without any Deduction or Abatement whats iever, then and in every such Case, from Time to Time, such of the fame respective Annual Maintenances or Sums, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively as shall be so paid, shall not be raised or paid as herein-before is directed, but by the Ways and Means and in the Manner herein-after authorized and appointed in that Behalf.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Church-wardens or Churchwarden (if but One) of the respective Parishes wherein denvf/"*to the Maintenances aforesaid are respectively to be assessed, and to and for make Yearly any One or more of the Parishioners, to be yearly appointed in Vestry 1 e ment" by the Inhabitants of such respective Parishes (the First of such Vestries in

each Parish to be summoned by the said respective Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and held within Twenty*one Days next after the passing of this Act) to assemble and meet together yearly and every Year at some convenient and seasonable Time before the Thirty-first Day of July next after such Appointment, in some convenient Place within every of the respective Parishes wherein the Maintenances aforesaid are to be assessed; and the said Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and the Parishioneror Parishioners to be appointed as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, so assembled in and for each respective Parish, are hereby authorized and empowered yearly before the Twenty-first Day of Augttjl in every Year, by an equal Rate upon all Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Wharfs, Quays, Cranes, Waterhouses (yach Wacerhouse to be paid for in the Parish where it stands only) Tufts of Ground, remaining unbuilc, or other Hereditament or Hereditaments whatsoever (except Farfonage and Vicarage Houses) within such respective Parish, to assess the Whole of the respective Sum by this Act appointed to be paid in lieu of Tythes within such respective Parish, for or towards such Maintenance as aforesaid, or so much of it as shall exceed what tire rel'peftive Impropriators (if any) are herein-before by this Act enjoined respectively to allow, together with the Charges of making such respective Rate or Assessment, and collecting the Money so assessed, and all other incidental Charges relating thereto, the same to be payable and paid Quarterly on the several Days first herein-before appointed for the Payment of the said Maintenance; and the said Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and Parishioner or Parishioners, to be yearly appointed as aforesaid, or the m jnr Part of them so assembled in and for each respective Parish, shall and they are hereby further authorized to collect and receive the Sums so by them to be assessed, as and when the same shall become due, and with or out of the fame or otherwise, to pay and discharge the respective Maintenance for and in respect whereof the same shall have been assessed respectively, within Thirty Days nexc after each Quarterly Day of Payment first herein-before appointed for the Payment of such Maintenance, without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever, and thereupon also to retain, pay, and discharge all such incidental Charges and Expences as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall p°a7a?afnft P* think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment theiaftmen-to be made as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them re- tion*d Aff:&

spectively ’

14-68

Power for re verine the Su iiiR aflcfied by the Church* wardens, ei«.

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

spectively, to appeal to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, whole Decision shall be final and conclusive: Provided always, that Notice of such Appeal shall be left in Writing at the Office of the Town Clerk of the said City, and also at the House of the Churchwarden or of the Vestry Clerk of the respective Parish for which the Affiffment complained of shall be made, within Ten Days next after the Sum so rated and assisted shall be demanded, and such Appeal shall be made to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, after such Notice shall be so left as aforesaid.

XV. And be it-further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, or Occupier of any House or other Hereditament which shall be rated and affi-ll'ed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, by the Ways and Means and in the Manner last hereby authorized and directed, shall refule or neglect by the Space of Fourteen Days next after his, her, or their respective Kate or Rates, AfitfTment or Assessments shall be due, and shall be demanded by the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and Parishioner or Parishioners to whom the fame ought to be paid (such Demand being left in Writing at the House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Wharf, Quay, Crane, Waterhouse, Toft, or other Hereditaments or Premises possefled, rented, or occupied by him, her, or them, so rated and assisted) to pay such Rate or Rates, AflVlfmencor Assessments, so demanded as aforesaid, unless Notice of Appeal shall have been left as last before mentioned; or if any such Notice be left, and if such Appeal shall not be made accordingly, to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and Parishioner or Parishioners, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Wairants under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayoo or any other Magistrate of the said City, (which Warrant or Warrants the said Churchwardens or Churchwarden-, and Parishioner or Parishioners, is and are hereby required to apply for, and the Lord Mayor, or any other Magistrate of the said City, is hereby authorized and required to grant,) and with the Assistance of a Constable, or any Peace Officer of the Ward, County, City, or Liberty where the Person or Persons, Party or Parties, so refusing or neglecting, shall reside, there to seize and distrain any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Party or Parties so refusing or nigleding to pay, or to seize and dillrain any of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of the Tenements or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Arrears shall be due or owing; and if the same shall not be replevied, or such Race or Assessment paid within Five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much of the said Goods and Chanels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Lord Mayor, or other Magistrate who shall have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively: Provided always, that no such Distress shall by virtue of this Act be made out of the Limits of the said Cuy and Liberties thereof, unless such Warrant or Warrants respectively shall be first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty where such Distress is proposed to be made; which Warrant or Warrants any Magistrate, who shall be applied to for that Purpose, shall forthwith, and

1469

£4° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

i$ hereby authorized and required to back or countersign without Fee or Reward.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Quar- if the Monica terly Payment of any Annual Maintenance or Sum by this Act authorized to be raised and paid, or so much thereof as shall exceed what any Impro- mentioned priarr before mentioned is by this Act enjoined respectively to allow, shall rae!lns thallbe happen to be in Arrear and unpaid to the said respective Incumbent entitled Tinrty Daj» to the fame, or his respective Agent or Collector, or Receiver, for the after any Space of Thirty Days next after any of the Quarterly Days herein-before Day ofrpsy-appointed for the Payment thereof, then and in every such Case, from n>=»t, the Time to Time, every such Quarterly Payment so in Arrear and unpaid shall ^n the and may be raised or levied and paid by the Ways and Means, and accord- tame Manner ing to the Assessment, and in the Manner first herein-before authorized and Airefihftm. directed in that Behalf.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Exempting shall be construed to compel or oblige any Person or Persons, being of the

People called Quakers, to collect any of the Monies to be raised under or tors under by virtue of this Act, but such Person or Persons is and are hereby excused th,s Aa* and exempted from collecting the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Powers Vetting the

and Authorities in and by the said recited Act of the Twenty-second and Act

Twenty-third Years of King Charles the Second, given to and verted in of and the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, shall be p0*e*r'oftth*i and the same are hereby from henceforth given to and verted in the said Act, in the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen for the Time being, for and in Lo«!^Ma^or respect of all and singular the Matters and Things in this Act contained, or Aldermen,° by this Act enacted, so far as the Case is or shall be applicable; and that

in case the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall refuse or neglect to execute any of the respective Powers to them by this Act granted, or to perform all and every such Things relating either to the assessing or levying of the respective Sums aforesaid, as they are by this Act authorized and required to perform, either expressly or by Reference, that then it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to do and perform what the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, might or ought to have done, and by such Warrant either to empower any Person or Persons to make the respective Arteffmencs as aforesaid, or to authorize the respective Officers or Persons appointed to collect such Assessments, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons that shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame, in Manner and Form aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, That no Court or Judge Ecclesiastical or Tern- No Court, poral, shall hold Plea of or for any the Sum or Sums of Money due or owing

or to be paid by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, other than the Per- t^foiTpki Tons hereby authorized to have Cognizance thereof; nor shall it be lawful of or for any for any Parson, Vicar, Curate, or Incumbent, to convent or sue any Per- ^t^under* son or Persons assessed as aforesaid, and refusing or neglecting to pay the tKis Act. fame, in any Churt or Court?, or before any Judge or Judges, other than {Lee. £sf Per.~\ 16 Z what

1470

[Publick Act.]

44° GEORGII III. Cap. 89.

what are authorized and appointed by this Act for the hearing and determining the fame in Manner aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre, ^nd Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1804.

